 A banal , uninteresting , Alien invasion romp through LA. . The movie never even speculates why theAliens are here . BORING .
 I really thought this movie might be something from watching the trailers but it was a great disappointment ! The ending especially was awful , no sense at all !
 An alien invasion ... who does n't like an alien invasion ? How do you screw up such a time honored tradition ? If you watch this piece of garbage you know exactly how someone screws it up . This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen ... and I 've seen a lot of bad movies . The acting was horrible , the actors were brainless , the dialogue was mind-numbing , the `` cool-lifestyle '' was something a 13 yr old would dream up , the effects were rotten , and basically the entire thing failed on every possible level . Okay , it started out with potential , but within minutes you were praying everyone would die and the movie would just end ... but it did n't . I drug on from pointless scene to pointless scene . Event he aliens were lame . How do you screw up aliens ? WHoever made this movie needs to absolutely give up and find some other job to suck at . Please , I beg you , do not waste your time on this ! If you ignore all the warnings , and you actually rent -LRB- or God forbid buy this movie -RRB- , follow the timeline and turn it off before the final 5 minutes -LRB- that would be right the time they put `` Day Three '' on the screen -RRB- . This advice might just save your sci-fi soul !
 Unbelievably bad pointless , tasteless garbage . I 'm so sorry I did n't know in advance that I would be wasting an hour and a half of my life on one of the worst films I have ever seen . If you like nihilism and dreck , this film 's for you . NO redeeming features whatsoever .
 Great special effects and creative aliens do not make up for a boring plot , bad acting , and a stupid ending .
 The previews show some scenes that did not exist in the movie . Neither Dan Rather broadcasted his preview script , nor any other broadcaster bothered to comment . It appeared that actors abandoned the movie somewhere between the previews and the real show . Every thing in the movie appeared improvised in haste without any clear goal other than filling the screen with a graphic animation of some weird monster that did not even make any sense.The entire movie was played in an apartment and a single building with few unequipped and unprepared actors . By the time the movie ends , you get a sense of the total waste of your precious time in putting up with such poorly prepared and produced movie . It was not a surprise that on the Saturday show , only few seats in the theater were occupied.Radiation , nuclear explosions , combined with an octopus slimy monster sucking people and soaking them with black syrup . People are injured but recovered immediately for no apparent reasons . People got sucked and destroyed but recovered for no apparent reason . No sense , no plan , no story.ByMohamed F. El-Hewie
 I wish aliens would come down and take the Strause brothers away so they ca n't make any more bad movies .
 Holy cow ... where to begin ? Is this what Hollywood has stooped to ? This by far is THE WORST FILM of 2010 . Talk about bad Sci-Fi . This is what I get for seeing a movie with nobody actors in it.They might as well have shown this P.O.S on the Sci-Fi channel on Mystery 2000 , that 's where it belongs . To be merclessly heckled and picked apart from start to finish . I swear people must have been * high * to give this script `` the green light '' . I mean ... really ? This film plays like a rough draft from start to finish.The screen writers must have written this dribbleb when they were in film school . I can tell you the grade I 'd give them ... a `` D '' . In all honesty , I would have flunked them.Skyline is a chaotic film that makes little to no sense with characters that you do n't care about . Who gives a damn about a bunch of L.A D-Bags who are being kidnapped by aliens and consumed for unknow reasons ? I was more or less confused throughout half the film , the only thing you could follow was that this was a hostel take over , thats it.You know the film is set up to be a bad one when the brther eats it before the first half of the film.Oh!lets not forget the oscar winning ending . Quite possibly the worst , unclear ending on screen in years.It more or less set itself up for a continuation/sequel . Really?Aren ' t there enough bad sequels out there?Why the urge to continue an already horible film ? I have to admit , I did not want to see this film , but did so to appease a friend of mine who suprisingly liked it.Well , to each his own . This makes `` District 9 '' look like `` Close Encounters of the Third Kind '' . Do yourselves a favor . BOYCOTT THIS LOUSY FILM . It does n't deserve a penny , and watching it only wastes an hour and fourty minutes of your time . I wanted to leave and get my money back.I wish I had.You will regret paying to see this film in any venue.I would n't even rent it if it were free.You have been WARNED .
 Too bad the aliens did n't suck the brains of the twisted Angelinos who produced this disgusting movie before they made it ! The characters are so vapid and low that it 's heartening when they are serially slurped up by the aliens . Thankfully everyone eventually was consumed so they had to `` end '' it , if you can call the last scene an ending . Sometimes special effects are enough to at least make for good escape , but the plot in this case is so awful that you will regret allowing the images into your memory . If there is a subliminal message it is that the human race is so hopeless that the studio thinks people will pay to watch a movie that illustrates their hopelessness . Do n't enable them to insult you . Something positive ? The poor actors did a good job trying to make something positive out of the hopeless screenplay . Hope some of them catch a break next time !
 * SPOILERS * I am a fan of science fiction , and I especially like BAD science fiction , by which I mean movies like `` Plan 9 '' , which is a laugh riot -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- no matter how many times you see it . I did a little research on this movie after watching it , and discovered that the entire budget for physical production -LRB- live actors and the crew to film them -RRB- came to only $ 500,000 , and the special effects budget was $ 20 million . That explains a lot.So , the main reason I hate this movie is that it was n't bad enough . The acting is awful , and the script is one of those where you 'll be saying the next line before the actor does . But the special effects are impressive.The ending , where the main character -LRB- Eric Balfour -RRB- and his girlfriend -LRB- Scottie Thompson -RRB- are being sucked up into the spaceship to have their brains removed , is really finger-down-the-throat time . As they fly up into the ship , they manage to embrace and kiss . It would have been all right if it ended there ... but what happens in the ship after that is one of the most hilariously maudlin , oh-no-they-didn ' t scenes I 've witnessed in any movie of whatever genre.My recommendation
 Be warned that this DVD deactivates your forward speed , jump and menu controls . You are forced to watch the stupid commercials , self-promotions and idiotic trailers . You can not jump to the menu or fast forward or skip ahead . It 's time to organize a class action lawsuit against these DVD companies .
 SPOILERS - Thin plot , hate-able characters , bad acting and just plain noisy . So ... if those appeal to you , then you 're in luck . The cliche-filled chased-by-aliens scenes got me hitting fast forward after they just seemed to keep repeating themselves , with slight variations.Here 's how it goes
 easily the worst movie i have ever seen . barely any plot , barely any point , could have been so much better . huge dissapointment
 The title to my review says it all . Within the first 10 minutes of this stinker I wanted every main character to get anal probed to death by whatever squamous aliens came about . This movie has no redeemable features .
 Simply put , this movie sucked . Firstly , we never figure out exactly why the aliens come to suck out our brains . How did they survive this long without our brains . They must 've been in other galaxies sucking out Klingon brains or something . Do not waste your time on this movie . I 'd prefer watching atomic gator vs godzilla ... LOL
 Just watched , and sorry I did . The worst movie I seen in years ; glad I did n't buy it . Thank God for rentals .
 This movie had potential to be an awesome alien movie , but completely failed at the end . Worst ending I have ever seen in a movie ... not thought out at all ... I want the $ 1 I used to rent it and the 1 1/2 hours of my life back that I wasted watching it ...
 I am not really sure why I paid $ 5.00 for a streaming movie of any kind when I can pick them up locally for $ 1.00 -LRB- Red Box -RRB- . The worst part is this movie was just horrible . I was curious and bored -LRB- bad combination -RRB- and so I rented my first movie from Amazon last night . I doubt I will ever make that mistake again . There is just not enough new movies to choose from and this one should just be removed from the library . Skyline is a rip off of Independence Day and a bad Godzilla movie . The alien the main character fights on the roof looks almost identical to the alien in the lab on Independence Day . Then lets talk about how the first 20 minutes of the movie is obviously geared toward impressing pre-teens with the LA party scene . Sorry if I could get my $ 5.00 back I would put it toward the donations this director is likely to need when he moves out of his house and on to the streets next year .
 This is an awful piece of garbage . The studio should have to pay you to watch it . Here 's the breakdown : Plot-incoherent/nonexistent ; mix up some scenes ripped straight from Independence Day , War of the Worlds , and Cloverfield , then make them as crappy as possibleSpecial Effects-CG on par with the graphics from Oregon Trail -LRB- the original -RRB- ; that is to say pixelated and barely recognizableActing-OK , but all the TV actors who were in this ruined any future they might have in filmI 'd really love to have given a review with more to it , but I ca n't stand to remind myself of the atrocity I just wasted 1 1/2 hours on .
 Forgot that I will never get the 3.99 I spent on this movie back.Forget that I will never get the one hour and forty minutes back.What I ca n't believe is that not only did someone think up this putrid debacle , but that a major Hollywood production company bankrolled , and made it . The plot was grotesque , the acting was even worse , and the storyline as a whole was non existent.Total letdown with no probative value whatsoever , special effects where meh , and the creatures themselves were so appallingly unbelievable that it was painful to watch . Whoever thought up this movie should never be given creative license over anything more important than a lost pet flier .
 Weak storyline , juvinile acting , low tech effects . I kept dozing off , i 'm glad I only rented it . Sorry re-Re-make of `` War Of The Worlds '' with a sad mix of `` Independance Day '' . DON `` T WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY !!!!!
 One star probably is rather harsh , but a movie with any kind of budget certainly should have done better than this . The idea of an alien invasion is nothing new , and it has been done far better . In this incarnation , we are given a sad lot of characters who somehow survive the onslaught of invaders by partying all night and sleeping in as to avoid the bright lights that attract humans like bugs to the zapper -LRB- literally -RRB- . They spend the rest of the movie trying to figure out how to get out of the apartment builing in which they are stranded . At the same time , our intrepid invaders , appearing as superintellingent reptilian creatures , can storm across the vastness of space but can not figure out how to enter a building . Most of our time is spent with nonsensical conversation with caricatures rather than characters while watching what is happening in the city block that surrounds the apartment building . Therein lies a real issue . The world is being overtaken and we 're stuck with a few people in an apartment . There is no real drama inside , and the ruckus outside never seems to rise to apocolyptic prportions . It just seems to be a nuisance.I do give credit to some of the special effects , though War of the Worlds should sue for copyright infringement . I ca n't halp but think this would have been a more exciting picture had there been more tension or urgency . As it stands , this is arguably the dullest apocalypse on record .
 This movie starts out like a cliche `` party in Miami '' movie and does n't really get much better . The actors were ok at acting , but the story just dragged . They pretty much sat in an apartment the entire time while aliens destroyed everybody and everything . Their efforts to escape were lame , and they did n't really try very hard . The ending was when the movie finally got interesting and grabbed my attention , but then the credits rolled and I was left wondering why I spent $ 10 to see it . It seemed open for a sequel , but they really should have gotten to what happened at the end much quicker and continued the movie from there . They would have had a much more interesting movie . I would recommend not buying this movie , definitely not at full price . Borrow it from netflix if you must see it , then make your purchase decision . I wish I could get my $ 10 back for seeing it in the theater , it was so not worth it .
 This film was rubbish ! It ripped off other films left right and center to the point where it was more of a casserole than a motion picture . The plot consists of a group of 20 something Hollywood types getting caught up in a Los Angeles based alien invasion . First off , the cardinal rule of making this work gets broken
 That 's being too kind really ... I do n't know what it was about Skyline that makes me hate it so much ; it had a reasonable cast , great special effects , okay dialogue , and fairly original aliens . Sounds good right ? It was n't ... Save your time for something fulfilling ... Maybe counting sand or watching paint dry ... I swear , Skyline starts with an interesting beginning , and a couple of minutes in immediately does everything it can to make you hate all the main characters and wish for their deaths . On that count , you will not be disappointed , pretty much everyone dies , but not in some redeeming or cathartic manner.Bleh ...
 There was no real storyline . Nothing made any sense . The movie looked like ended in the middle . Basically it was horrible .
 Do n't forget the directors were almost sued for stealing from `` Battle Los Angeles . '' A film they we 're hired to do efx work on . They call themselves The Brothers Strause . They are effects specialists . They have no sense of story or character , no talent for directing nor any personal ethics , but this is Hollywood , so they will film again ... and again and again . You have been warned .
 This movie was so bad an with so many great actors I feel bad . To me it is a very bad re make of Independence day -LRB- Kinda like that movie -RRB- The ending was not good at all
 After finally renting SKYLINE I see what all the criticism was about.It is a shame because you can see much work went into making the film , but it simply NEVER finds itself.Despite the subject matter , there is never any suspense built , never any feeling of impending doom , never any concern for the characters , nothing , nothing , nothing ... The only feeling the movie gave us was ... 1 -RRB- Will it be over soon ? 2 -RRB- How many ways are they going to try and remake War of The Worlds in my lifetime ? This is one of the few times I must say a movie is NOT worth the time to sit thru .
 This was the worst movie I have ever seen . The characters are horrific , the dialogue is incredibly bad , there is no coherent story at all ... but the worst thing was how disgustingly gross it was . And the ending ? OMG ... atrocious . Do not get this movie . You will regret it .
 It 's a B grade Sci-Fi movie with lower than average acting . Worst is , it does n't have either a proper beginning or a logical/palatable ending . Go for it only if you want to waste your time and/or money . It is n't worth of spending more time writing a review for it than what I wrote above .
 I hate movies that do n't actually end . This movie was made just to show off unique FX . The plot was shallow , the acting mediocre the ending non-existant . I watched this on Netflix , what a waste of two hours of my life .
 Some good actors , good concepts , good effects , but it felt like they started filming before they knew where they were going with this movie . I really wanted to like this movie ... but as it moves on it feels like its missing something . The ending was just odd ... not in a good way either . Skip this movie , or redbox it , or stream it for free ... If you pay 25 bucks for it you will be pissed . Expect it to be in the 5 dollar bargin bin fast !
 Movie is not worth anyone 's time.I was willing to over look the hair thin plot in exchange for an impressive visual pop corn movie . thats not there either . Visuals are lackluster and the cgi is WAY below industry standards .
 The movie starts with bright blue lights slowly falling from the sky , followed by bigger spaceships . When any person looks into the light , gets pulled into one of the spaceships . Why ? Maybe perhaps the aliens want to use the humans as a power source to power the blue LED lights ? We do n't know until the very end.There are way too many holes in this film . When a nuclear bomb is detonated on one of the spaceships , it does not vaporize . It gets damaged , but somehow it proceeds to repair itself back to the original shape and form.Throughout the movie , they are trying to make it to the boat , because the aliens can not function over the water . What would prevent them ? They seem to have advanced technology.Some of the special effects are cheezy , dialog terrible . Expect surprise ending!If you are a hardcore sci-fi fan , maybe you will like this movie . Otherwise I would skip this one and watch something else .
 Aliens were creative & done well . Actors , plot & thought processes were n't . I always feel some people bring too much logic to alien movies but Jeezuschristalmighty ! One gesture between a couple , a la `` ditto '' from `` Ghost '' , ca n't possibly tie together this many loose ends ! The only movie I 've been more upset with was `` The Happening '' . C'mon , trees ? TREES ??!! Also , I know this has little to do with anything except common sense , but this blu-ray costs more than True Grit ... just sayin '
 Pre-title credits , the movie begins with an attention-grabbing opener of the main character under control of an alien force outside a window , then it goes downhill from here . A group of irritating , partying stoner-types , whose lives you will never care about because the writers obviously did n't , are followed during an alien invasion . I 've enjoyed Eric Balfour in Haven and other appearances , but this movie was not his friend . The character was shallow , more-so than the usual action-movie characters , and there did n't seem to be any coherent story line at all . I was angry at myself for having stuck through this movie to the end.Spoiler Alert : I 'll never get those 94 minutes back , which is a more insidious brain theft than that of the aliens .
 It 's difficult to make a sci-fi movie without treading on some clich&eacute;s , and without using technology borrowed from other movies ; there are more than a few alien invasion and robot takeover movies . As an audience , we 've seen it all before , we like it , and we 're happy to pay for some fresh material . Where a movie in this genre sets itself apart is in storytelling.This movie feels like a poorly written sister movie to Battle Los Angeles , told from the perspective of civilians trapped in an apartment building . It 's as if the producers heard about Battle Los Angeles , decided to make a competing movie , then rushed it to market so they could get their piece of the pie -LRB- this movie released 4 months before Battle Los Angeles -RRB- . The two movies even begin with the same `` flash forward , flash back '' storytelling.I do n't care about these characters . They are vague , clich&eacute;d , and most of them are jerks . There are no character arcs . The characters are little more than `` fresh meat . `` There is no buildup of tension in the storytelling , and there are no emotional arcs ; just some distractions to prolong the movie while the plot treads towards the inevitable end.There are a few good things I can say about the movie . The `` moths to a flame '' / `` anglerfish '' concept is unique . The movie is a tragedy , which is rare in the entertainment industry -LRB- humans do not prevail ; there are no cute little pink bows on everything at the end -RRB- . The movie is only 1 hour and 30 minutes long . Otherwise this movie is a poorly executed collection of bits from other sci-fi movies and video games . Even the ending is a `` hint of Stanley Kubrik '' rip-off
 The movie trailers made this movie look very interesting to me but after reviews I watched it not expecting very much . Just to keep this simple , the acting was poor , the story line I feel was not thought through . They would say one thing like it was important but left you hanging wondering why they said it in the first place . The ending was one of those that leaves you hanging yet disapointed . I do see how some may like the way this movie ended but it was not for me .
 What happened ? Where you going ? A gun ? I 'm gon na ' call the Police . There 's no news ? There are people on top of that building . On and on ... insipid dialogueREAD Wikipedia for the entire story . WHO CARES ABOUT SPOILERS?Military helicopters come in and insert squads of marines . Jarrod and Elaine go to the roof hoping to ride a helicopter to safety . Oliver and Candice still hide in the penthouse , but they are found . Candice accidentally exposes herself to the blue light and absorbed ; Oliver sacrifices himself in an attempt to kill a machine , but does not succeed . The army is thrown off the roof by the aliens and one of the small machine / lifeforms attacks Jarrod and Elaine . Together , they kill it , but with Jarrod badly hurt , both are hopelessly trapped when the aliens have defeated the military and begin approaching them . Resigned to their fate , they look up into the blue light , embrace and are sucked up.The ending - Animating the alien body , Jarrod seems to retain control , and comes to the aid of Elaine and their unborn child . The movie ends with a series of still images between the credits that depict `` Jarrod '' protecting Elaine and their child from other aliens . Eventually `` Jarrod '' defeats them , picks his girlfriend up , and runs off with her .
 Our species has traveled through the void to collect the Universe 's most precious resource ... human brains ... It was lucky that they were compatible!The movies is fun for a little , but not worth much overall . Mediocre action , bad dialogue and a stupid plot .
 not really that good , dont recommend , some cool effects and ideas but plot kinda sucks thought could go so many other ways . to make it so much better but sadly did not
 So , what does scrap waste and recycling squid crabs have to do with Skyline you ask ? Well , they happen to be the main characters and even better at acting and doing their job than their human counterparts including script and storyline writers and director.For example
 Skyline was the worst reviewed movie of 2010 and not without cause . Basically it 's a different version of War of The Worlds , with less of a storyline , and a ridiculous ending . The sad part of this whole thing is that the movie started out really good . After the event , I was on the edge of my seat , and then it all goes downhill from there . Eric Balfour is such a good actor , but he 's constantly being cast in these subpar movies . I do n't understand why nobody wants to offer him a role in a major motion picture . Once again he 's very good and engaging in a movie that just crashes and burns . The special effects were cool , the acting was n't bad , but the story stinks and the further into it you get , the more you keep asking yourself , why am I still watching this ?
 Stupid storyline . Poor acting . Just flat out disappointing and horrible . I really hate looking forward to a good alien invasion movie and then end up disgusted .
 The movie was so bad that had I spent more than $ 1 to see it I would have left ... one of the stupidest movies I 've ever seen . Do n't waste your time !
 Anyone who gives this movie a good review must have been high or something . Apparently graphics are more important than anything . This movie makes me think of thoughs Hot Women you see in night clubs all looks and no morals , personality or soul . This movie should have been on the scifi channel like all lame low budget alien films .
 In the Cincinnati area , there is a chain of chilidog restaurants called SKYLINE Chili . In Ohio , and surrounding areas , these restaurants are something of a mecca ; people travel for hours for just a taste of SKYLINE Chili . However , my husband , a Texan , ca n't stand the stuff . He 's not sure exactly what 's in it -LRB- and the Internet tells us that perhaps chocolate , peanut butter , cinnamon , and nutmeg might be involved -RRB- , but he knows what chili is supposed to taste like , and SKYLINE ai n't it.Similarly , the movie SKYLINE is supposed to be a science fiction thriller . Sadly , it ai n't what it 's supposed to be , either.Summary of SKYLINE -LRB- the movie , not the chili -RRB-
 We actually paid to see this in the theater . It was very `` B '' movie like , only with a weak , awful ending . We stayed for the entire movie thinking it would get better , only to be let down by the ending . If you are a child of the 60 's / 70 's and remember the old movies you watched as a kid , this is the same type , only without the nostalgia you enjoy with a repeat on tv . I would love to have my money back and that Saturday afternoon we wasted watching this . Nothing happens ... People trapped in an apartment , a lot of squealing , a few minutes on the roof , and then the wonderful wrap-up ending .
 This has to be the WORST movie I have ever seen in many many years , it 's not even worth to be free .
 Seriously , if you even remotely think this is worth watching , do n't say I did n't warn you . This is very embarrassing for the poor folks who spent countless hours working through the special effects . There is nothing about this movie that is worthwhile . I 'd give it less than a star if I could .
 first off i have to say that this movie was very good visually . thats what i cant understand , how could they spend so much time and money on the visual element and then forget to write a decent story . this is one of those movies where you really wish the characters would get killed as soon as possible . to give you an idea of how stupid the writing is there is a scene where one of the characters is upset because another person is smoking a cigarette in the room and she is pregnant so shes worried about harming her unborn child . this is immediately following a scene where these people have just barely excaped several brain grabbing aliens , but hey never mind that , its the second hand smoke that really gets ya . there is no ending in the classic sense just a lead in to the next movie . if you feel compelled to watch this i recommend you turn the sound off so you wont have to hear the lame dialog .
 The short and sweet of it ... the effects and CGI were awesome , but the complete utter lack of anything I 'd call a story leads to a one lousy movie . Save your money and do n't spend more than a $ 1 at your local RedBox or Netflix .
 Most of the movie was okay but what was up with the end ? Could have been done a LOT better .
 I 'm really stumped.I do n't think I 've been this let down by a film in a long time . I mean , really . This was a film that had a great amount of potential to be a simple sci-fi thriller ... and then I was left after the credits thinking `` What was that ?!?!? `` People are right when they say that this movie has great special effects - the special effects are amazing , and even pretty !!! But that script ... THAT DAMN SCRIPT.Excuse me for sounding vague in this review but it 's been a long time since a movie left me feeling as cold as Skyline did.I was able to tolerate the dumb character choices and inconsistencies . I was able to tolerate such stupid things like the woman getting angry about the photo of her boyfriend cheating on her when there 's an alien attack.But the dialogue is AWFUL . Seriously . I think I laughed at pretty much every line spoken in this movie . It 's like they hired a fanfiction writer to write this movie . I ca n't remember the last time . time I 've laughed so much at someone pinning someone else to the wall and yelling `` You 're disgusting !!! `` And the ending . What the hell was that ??? Despite the dumb dialog and inconsistencies this was a cheesy fun movie and then THAT comes ?!?!?!?!?! Oh dear.I 'm actually really stumped . And lost for words . This movie is that bad . I would give a movie this disappointing one star , but it gets two for the fact that it had a lot of potential for the most part.Avoid .
 Why does a writer or director think that they are doing something really new or unique for the movie-going audience ? Another alien invasion movie ? The only thing that seems to vary is perhaps the human victims -LRB- and most cases , just a particular group of people -RRB- , and the age group of the human victims arguing and fighting with each other -LRB- sometimes over inconsequential issues about their relationship with each other -RRB- while all the while , trying to stay alive.Here you have what is again , another movie when doomsday is eminent , but yet some girl wants to be all jealous over another girl in the room making herself unintentionally appealing to her boyfriend . The girl seems to be more concerned about her threatened relationship with her boyfriend , than she is about the big gross alien outside knocking on the door . That 's so ridiculous!And the typical cliches are here in this movie too . While running from the alien less than 100 feet away , they are waiting for an elevator door to open , or the car wo n't start , or the cigarette lighter wo n't work , or insignificant people get picked up and consumed by the alien rather quickly while the more important cast actors seem to get stuck under the hungry alien fighting upward and yet they manage to free themselves from the alien and never so much as break a fingernail.I 'm removing all my alien invasion movies from my Netflix queue . I have yet to ever see one worth watching twice . Especially those of the past 20 years .
 If there was a movie that started out great in the first few minutes , then rapidly falling together so deep it ca n't be fixed then this is it .1 h 30m of boring dialog and acting , the SFX effects were amazing though especialy since it was done for only 10 milion.the alien 's looked great , teh space ships looked great , overal the SFX effects were definatly a A + worth.And the fact that aliens that are so evolved need human brains to power all there equipment is a bit far fetched , what did they start with in the first place ? Did the first brains grow on trees or something like that ? since i cant imagine they had all that technolegy at the start they needed to get them from somewhere.The acting was very poorly done with the victims cursing and fighting among there selfs.Witch made the movie very boring.It reminded me of the Video game -LRB- Left 4 death -RRB- in witch zombies take over the planet , there the survivers had the same problems.But atleast they did something instead of staying in 1 place the hole game , and got resqued in the end.And not to forget teh nice and funny 1 liners they had.When the movie suddenly ended with the the brains taking over the alien body when it was planted inside it , was abit to much to cliche to handle.It looked more like a new Super Hero is born that later will join the Xmen or another hero group and safe the earth , but if the next part that will be released around 2012will be filmed in the same style then i definatly wil safe teh money to see someting else , or better yet put it in a blender that is probebly more interesting :-RRB- . The only thing left to say is that the Straus Brothers are better off starting a studio of special effects only since they have clearly shown they are very good at it , the A + for the effects and leave the story writing to other people.But If you realy want to see this movie then i suggest you get from a streaming side that wil lower teh cost of not having to buy it .
 How often have you heard that ? Well , in this case it 's true . The characters were totally unlikeable -- and not in a funny way . I kept thinking , `` If these are the last people on Earth , humanity is doomed . '' And the story . Well , not unlike Cloverfield , we do n't really know what 's going on throughout the movie , except that there are some bad guys from outerspace messing up one of our big cities . And , OMG , the ending . Do n't even get me started . What a crappy ending ... but the special effects were great .
 I knew going in this was going to be a bad movie based on the majority of reviews.I really wanted to see just HOW bad it really was ... and ... When I looked at the disc it said it was only and hour and a half . I thought to myself `` piece of cake '' ... Sadly that was the most painful hour and a half I can remember in a long time.War of the Worlds.Independence Day.It 's a blatant rip off of both movies.Both of them were leagues better than this.The only thing new this one brought to the table are strange blue LED lights that hypnotize people and turn them funny colors.Otherwise ... The good?The FX were good ... that 's it.The bad?Everything else.Story , acting , pacing , you name it.This film suffers from the same thing that plagued `` Cloverfield '' . Mainly ... a cast of 20 something 's that would n't stop saying the word `` dude '' . UUGH !!! I was glad when the monsters ate most of them . `` But dudeeee ... '' ... `` GULP '' ... bye bye . : -RRB- Good riddance.When your audience hates the cast and roots for the monster you 've pretty much made the worst mistake any filmmaker can make.I honestly had a hard time making it all the way to the end of the movie.Very few films can bore and annoy me this much but in this regard `` Skyline '' is a triumph.Tragic , that is the only area where the film is victorious.I 've also come to have other problems with the whole `` aliens invading Earth to harvest us '' kind of movies.If these beings exist ... they can travel light years in the blink of an eye.They 're so much more technologically advanced than us and yet ... they ca n't find a way to make food ??? And the last time I checked the majority of us were fat -LRB- myself included -RRB- ... why would they even want to eat us in the first place?When 's the last time you ate a steak that was all fat and gristle and you enjoyed it?Chances are , you did n't . Poor aliens.If you want food , I suggest you skip humans and get a Big Mac , a Coke and some fries instead . -LRB- sigh ... -RRB- Let 's summarize shall we.Boring.Derivative.Generic monsters.Annoying cast of whiny brats.Yes , it really was as bad as everyone said.When the world does end I hope it is n't like this movie or the only thing that will kill me will be the sheer boredom of it all.Not recommended .
 I 'm a diehard scifi fan but this movie was a chore to get through . I do n't recommed it ! Horrible ending and the plot ... LOL ... please !
 I saw this flim last year in the theater , and it was horrid . It lacks plot , it lacks any kind of sense ; and the ending was stupid.The only good thing I can say was that the effects are cool . However , it takes more than just eyepopping effects to make a movie worth seeing .
 I love sci-fi and there was no redeeming value to this movie . I did n't know you could make a movie without a plot . You have no idea what the aliens want or what they are anywhere through the movie . I just lost 90 minutes of my life . Pitiful . I could direct a more interesting movie .
 I watch between 3-5 movies a week so when I say this is the worst movie I have seen in almost 2 years , that says a lot ! From a plot that never really goes anywhere , to mediocre special effects , shallow character development , and a nonsensical ending , this movie was boring and a waste of time and effort .
 Stay away from this pile of trash . Once the invasion began , I had some hope for this `` film , '' but it quickly disappeared , once I realized that this was just another brainless , tired attempt at making a quick buck . The story is non-existent , acting is subpar , visuals are drab and the ending ... If someone can explain why we -LRB- the audience -RRB- were put through all the nonsense , only to be saddled with a horrendous ending like this , please let me know . Stay away from this , and please do not allow Strause brothers touch another camera ever again .
 I saw the trailer and was excited . The special effects were first rate ... . everything else ... not so much . To me , the movie broke solidly down the middle . The men actors I found lacking , while the women actors were pretty good -LRB- especially Scottie Thompson -RRB- . I do n't think an all star academy award winning cast would have saved this stinker . I watched , hoping it would get better but it did n't . The alien invasion was more believable than the characters and dialog.Wish I could have liked it .
 The best I can say about this movie is that the sound , action , and special effects were WONDERFUL !! Oh , and there were a few parts that almost made me jump out of my seat . But , honestly , I really wish I could just have those three hours back.The film opened up with what I thought was the best opening ever . Right from the beginning the aliens attack and I 'm thinking , `` This is awesome , right into the action ! '' and then , boom ! Fade-to-black and then flashback . ARGH !!! I should have known ! Please , Hollywood , do n't flash back . Start at the beginning of the story and do n't get my hopes so high and leave such cheap tricks to the television shows.The problem from there is that things just got so unrealistic . For instance , -LRB- ** WARNING
 This movie is an absolute joke ... It starts out GREAT and after the first 40 mins it begins to BOMB FAST , It is worth a watch for a good laugh but do not get this film expecting a great story , there really is not one nor is there any sort of plot ... . I would love to say some of the parts in the film but I do not want to give it away for those who are willing to spend money on this ... all I can say is WOW what a CRAPPY ENDING !!!
 Alien monsters invade Earth ! They have tentacles and blue lights ! They eat people 's brains!Ho hum , this has all been done so many times before . I saw this movie on DVD after I had already seen Battle
 Just wanted to warn people thinking of buying this movie . It is just awful and you are better off saving your money for something else .
 story !!! acting !!! no movie is good without them no mater how good the special affects are , and they are not that good either
 This was so horrible I was without words . Script , dialogue , acting were the lowest level you 'll see in a Hollywood movie , you 'll cring a lot , and the first 20 minutes are very hard to sit through without giving up on the film . Seriously its B-movie and even video games have better acting , plots and scripts than this , and so do Sci-Fi channel 's movies are more entertaining . I 'm not exagerating either , or a big movie `` buff '' , this was plain awful . Theres no appeal to this , the aliens have no character or purpose , the scenes are unoriginal , characters non existant , boring . The fact that there is anybody who could give this 5 stars is amazing . Theres nothing interesting , nothing original except some nice 3D graphics -LRB- which are standard for movies anyways -RRB- . WATCHING this movie is a bad idea , let alone BUYING it ...
 Special effects were ok . Action was weak . You were rooting for the main characters to all die and when they finally did it was hardly noteworthy.A Bad movie with barely any plot . What else is there to say .
 What a dumb movie ? Completely a waste of time . Just plain terrible except where a major character is eaten by an alien rather suddenly at the beginning of the show . And his Ferrari was smashed too . This movie just ends too !! There is no resolution of any form . Some people here actually like that but to me it was just plain dumb . Really one of the worst movies ever made.D
 There are some aspects of this movie that I like
 A film about an alien invasion of the earth where the point seems to be harvesting human beings for some purpose . Set in Los Angeles , we follow a group of characters living their lives when the aliens invade with their motherships and eerie blue light that does strange things to people . We watch our heroes hiding and then trying to escape the invasion but to no avail
 The ONLY thing good about this movie -- the TV commercial for it , and if you saw that , DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY on the video -- you 've ALREADY seen EVERYTHING good in it.What 's WRONG with `` Skyline '' ? 1 . NO plot
 Love sci fi but this was hopeless , cgi on its own does not make a good film , started off ok but just got worse as it went on .
 It 's unusual for me to come across a movie that does n't seem to have anyredeeming value . SKYLINE fits this slot nicely . This is probably the worstfilm I have ever seen ! Run toward the light and do n't look back .
 This movie left me hanging -- although graphics were good the storyline was terrible -- just when the movie was getting good-it was over -
 At least two third of this movie is fun , teasing us with the prospects of an alien invasion and allowing us to imagine what is happening once a person is sucked by the light into an alien ship.But , lord in heaven , what were they thinking with the ending ? Did they not do any audience testing ? At the least , they could have left the conclusion open ended . Instead , we got the height of silliness .
 I got ta say , I am a huge sci-fi fan and can get sucked in pretty easily , which says an awful lot about Skyline . I was waiting for the 1 hour and 23 minutes to pass so I could go do something , anything else . Let 's start with what is n't too bad , the story . It 's lacking , it has no depth and wo n't get any but it is what it is . You 're stuck in a building while an alien , or whatever , race invades for whatever reasons they have . Ok I can go with that . I prefer to not be lead around by the nose being told they 're here for water or salt or whatever . The effects are n't bad either , not ground breaking but not bad . The problems come with reality , even the little bit I 'd expect from an invasion movie , never happening . We 've got four story gorilla squids wandering around LA but the power grid stays on for two days . They loose water , but until , and I 'm not sure it even went out then , we launch a nuke , they never loose power ... in LA , the home of the rolling blackout . I could go on and on here , really , the whole let 's go to the marina plan , the let 's not plan , why the main characters girlfriend does n't want to go to the marina , the almost complete lack of reasoning for any plan , sitting in a car with a four story gorilla squid behind you waiting for a gate to open instead of running , etc. etc. . But the biggest disappointment is the acting . It 's bad . The sad thing is I know , from Dexter , that David Zayas can act , pretty well really , so it 's got ta be the directors . Bottom line , if you are like me and ca n't pass a sci-fi film up , watch it , but just do n't expect much of anything . That said , at least in the end * SPOLIER * we do n't beat the invaders ... which are here for brains ... which they need because that 's how they live I guess ... which were created to need brains by ? A very rare and difficult to find resource I would think but ok . Depending if the directors learned anything a Skyline 2 could be decent and has obviously been planned but I doubt it . What 's really sad is the money for a reboot of Dune ca n't be found but money for crap like this can be , easily .
 this movie was okay . if you have high expectations , you 'll be sorely disappointed . but why you watching this movie if you have high expectations anyway ? if you want to be mindlessly entertained for a little more than an hour , check it out .
 I am surprised that anyone enjoyed this terrible movie . And to the person that said this is Independence Day done right , well that have it completely backwards , or better yet apples and oranges , this is nothing like ID4 . This movie is awful . I do n't even know where to begin . I think the biggest thing is that none of the characters are even likeable and I did n't care what happened to any of them . The film has a terribly generic and cilche plot . I ca n't even think of the right words to say because I am still dumbstruck after reading the positive reviews of this . Seriously , of all the alien invasion movies that made it to theaters in the last decade or so , this one has got to be at the bottom.If you want to see a good alien invasion flick watch District 9 , Independence Day , or even Mars Attacks.Cloverfield was even better if you consider that an alien invasion.Heck even the War of the Worlds remake and Signs was better than this tragedy.I suspect Battle Los Angeles will even be better than this garbage.If you have n't seen Skyline ... DO N'T . It 's not even a bad movie worth watching .
 I read several reviews . Did n't look at the rushes , trailers , or videos , but read reviews from career film critics , musings from Internet pundits , and a few Tweets . Gathered the information , pondered seeing the movie , and decided against it.And then my favorite go-see-a-movie-with friend suggested we have dinner and a movie . But what movie ? He had seen the latest Harry Potter -LRB- `` The Deathly Hallows
 Bad acting , plot sucks , no drama , no nothing . I would buy the rights to this piece of crap and burn the original copy .
 worst movie ever , when he changed into the alien in the end I couldnt believe I wasted 4 bucks on this .
 This movies started off gtreat . Then the e3nd . The ending ruined the whole movie . It was almost like they got tired of wrikting and just wanted to end it . The end was cheap and poorly nwriten . It made no sense and would be equal to one of those old `` B '' movies . Daarn it that was unfair to the `` B '' movies because those movies had some thought . bPlease do n't buy it is a waist of money . Wait till it 's free .
 Skyline is one of those movies that has a intriguing premise in the beginning but falls flat to measure up to what it could have been . The acting is quite horrible and puts the existence of films to shame . The special effects are nothing to brag about , and that is saying a lot because the guys behind it have noteworthy credentials . The progression of the story itself leaves me in utter disappointment of watching such a derisory film . I will admit that the trailers for this sorry excuse of a Sci-Fi movie entangled me to view it . When the film decides to pick up the pace along its slow plot , the action is completely predictable and unsophisticated . Lastly the ending and the main character 's `` special ability '' has no background or sense to it , that it makes me scoff at this extremely lackluster movie .
 this movie was terrible . i sat there on the couch well after the credits were done in complete amazement ... at how bad this movie was . i could n't believe the 2 stars on amazon or the c - on yahoo . had to find out for myself . rental was a buck and let me say , this movie was n't even worth a dollar . no storyline , everything was shoved down your throat . no explanation on the aliens or characters . everything just sorta of happens . if would 've been cool if they explained the aliens but it was lame that they looked a lot like the squids from the matrix and the other aliens looked like a mix between godzilla and a t-rex . this movie is a rip-off of other alien invasion movies and i do n't want to spoil the `` great ending '' but come on ! really !?!?!? i do have to say there were a couple good things
 There are no words to describe how bad this movie is ... Sci fi fans ... stay away from this one . . the story line . . horrendous . . the acting ... awful ... the special effects . . few , not bad but not worth spending your money ... if you want to end a friendship . . give this movie as a gift .
 Pro
 I normally do n't write reviews but after seeing this I just had to . I am a sci-fi fan . alien invasion , space battles ... I love'em . The trailer was amazing and made me excited to see the complete film . I saw it a week after it opened and I should have known right away when the normally busy theater had 6 people in it . But oh well sometimes that is a good deal 'cause it is almost like a private screening . The special effects were amazing !!!! The story was incomplete lacking Substance . It was if they just could n't give you any tid bits of info as to what was going on and why this was happening . The lone building security guard that seemed to a little too much at times . Just a documentry like production about a bumbling guy and his g-friend from out of town visiting a friend in Cali who made it big . But how did he make it , what did he do ? What was his friend going to do for him ? The questions kept going on in my mind . Then there is the reality style twists of cheating on your g-friend , your g-frind being pregnant . Then blam-o Alien invasion ! Once again I ca n't express how cool the CG was . I think the movie would have been better if you could cut all the cg alien stuff out compile that and then watch it . I would then give it 3 stars . I think it would have been better if you saw what the military was doing about the invasion . More like Independance Day . I think what totally destroyed it for me was the cartoonistic `` Spawn '' style ending while the credits were rolling . I read one other review and it sums up my feelings . You can be sure in the knowledge that you got to see the worst Sci Fi movie ever made .
 Brains !!!! Thats what these Aliens are here for and as part of their troops they have enlisted the Sentinels from Matrix to retrieve them from the humans they hypnotize with a shiny blue lights . Being a Roger Corman fan I could have accepted some of the cheesines factor if it was n't for the fact that the action was repetitive . Close Curtains , peek thru curtains go out to roof , see Aliens , run hide back in Apt , peek thru curtains , hide from harvest sentinels peeking in , sneak down to garage , try to drive out , get stopped by giant alien , drive backwards into garage , run back up to Apt , see military , go back up to roof , hail military , see military get whacked , run back to Apt yada yada.It did n't go nowhere . It seemed something that Asylum Studios would release direct to DvD as part of their assembly line SciFi offerings . A cast of crap with semi decent CGI.Not worth the price of Admission even for free .
 All the good parts were in the trailers . It was mostly about some people running and hiding from place to place . No real development at all . Bummed : -LRB-
 THE ONLY REASON I GIVE THIS MOVIE 2 STARS IS THE FIRST 45 MINUTES ARE WELL DONE BUT THE ENDING OF THIS MOVIE HAS TO BE ONE OF THE WORST OF ALL TIME IN MOTION PICTURES HISTORY
 I just got back from watching the premiere showing of Skyline , the alien invasion film with a bunch of no-name actors by Rogue Productions.The film starts out pretty poorly and goes downhill from there.A friend and his girl are visiting from the East Coast and they meet a rocker friend of theirs who has been offered a job at the rocker 's place of business . What the business is exactly and who the people are at this party they end up in is fuzzy at best . Character development is not the strong point of this film.And then it gets worse . The main guy 's girl admits she 's pregnant and they are both tearful . The guy is unsympathetic and she spots some unethical behavior from the guy 's friend and wonders out loud that their life will be that way.The film unnecessarily started out with blue lights and Jarrod -LRB- the guy friend -RRB- gets zonked by the blue light and grows veins on his face . Flashback 15 hours earlier . Why ? What was the point of that ? Usually a flashback is intended for further expostulation but not in this case . There was no reason for it.So we see the blue bombs falling across Los Angeles . The lights are so bright that the drunken four people that we really have zero sympathy for these cardboard characters to even care , wake up . One gets sucked up along with hundreds of others.There is much struggling for doors that wo n't open or unexpectedly close . This happens during most of the film . Closed doors . Locked doors . Doors that wo n't open fast enough . Blocking doors with a refrigerator . Stuff like that . Sigh.The army finally shows up after two days and nukes Los Angeles and the ship . With very little actual damage to the buildings and the people all survive the nuke . The creatures however are just mad and continue the rampage.Will nothing stop them ? Will nothing stop the mind-numbing dialogue and overacting ?!?! The creatures were the only saving grace in this film . With the large claws and glowing blue heads , they were quite formidable . I think they stole the design from Cloverfield since a lot of the creatures looked like the monsters in that film.Jarrod somehow develops super-strength which does n't last long . The couple that we do n't care about eventually get sucked up into the ship . And the film ends with a hint of a sequel . Let 's hope not!Bottom Line : The bottom line is do n't waste your time on this dreck . I mean , the slow motion running as the monster looms overhead went out with the Six Million Dollar Man ! And showing the passage of time with people running really fast was quite bad too . The dialogue was right out of One Life to Live -LRB- apologies to fans of that show -RRB- . Put on Independence Day or rent Cloverfield . Superior films to this piece of blue sky ! A colossal disappointment !
 Please end or start , I want my life back more so my forty dollars . Not worth rental cost from red box , The life of your dvd player and the electric to have the tv on , The rubber off your tires to go see it , The postage to buy it by mail , and The bag of bag of popcorn . Other than that it was ok .
 Let 's start with the good parts of this movie
 Other than actors and actresses , no one cares about the narcissistic people who make or who are trying to break into making movies . Stop using them as central characters . We want them dead as quick as possible , because in any kind of situation , such as Alien Invasion or just a plain old disaster , they act for their own selfish interests rather than the common good . Their careless self absorption usually manifests itself in two ways . They do something extremely stupid and get themselves and others killed , or they steal something that the group needs to survive and wander off and get killed . It used to be that they were portrayed , but today they are heroes . You do n't give the audience anything to root for except the monsters , and we have to put with 90 minutes of selfish whining and pouting before they all get dead ... I think the miracle of this movie is that the Brothers Strause got to make another movie after so epically failing AVP
 It starts of pretty well , and the effects are great , but it just gets more stupid the further along you happen to watch . It 's so bad , you actually start to root for the aliens to finish the characters off , and end the movie that much quicker ... LOL ... Do n't waste your money on this crap ... IMO .
 Usually when I rent a movie my expectations are very low because of the minimal investment . I must say my expectations were n't set low enough . This has to be one of the worst scifi movies ever made , and I am trying to be polite . I gave it one star because of the decent special effects . Otherwise it would have been zero stars . I was not looking for academy award acting but something better than one line statements to be followed-up by a worse plot . The end of the movie will leaving you saying `` Are you freaking kidding me ? '' That is what everyone said who watched the movie with me . I realize everyone is entitled to their opinion and I can respect it . However , those of you who gave this four and five stars must have watched a different movie .
 I 'm not going to mince any words here - I flat out hated this movie . There 's almost no story here at all , proving once again that you just ca n't make a decent movie based on special effects alone -LRB- and , in my opinion , Skyline 's special effects really are n't all that great to begin with -RRB- . Some dude takes his girlfriend out to visit his now fabulously successful best bud in L.A. , they throw a lame party in their penthouse apartment , and then alien ships swoop down during the night and start snatching people left and right . First there 's a blue light which seems to give anyone who sees it instant leprosy , then the body is sucked up into an alien ship . Since that only yields so much excitement , some of the humongous aliens then come down to earth and start acting like King Kong on a rampage . All this time , our cast of characters whine and fight among themselves over the best course of action - make a run for it or just stay where they are . That 's pretty much the entire story - except for a lame and less than conclusive ending that somehow manages to make a lousy movie even worse.Did you know that a nuclear explosion wo n't even shatter windows less than a mile away ? Not only that , it 's possible to view said explosion through a freakin ' telescope and come away completely unharmed . It has to be true because I saw it in Skyline . Oh , the fun you 'll have compiling dozens of `` fun facts '' like these from your Skyline viewing experience . And do n't miss the riveting scene where the pregnant lady asks someone to snuff out a cigarette because she 's worried about second hand smoke affecting the baby . Apparently , second hand smoke is more dangerous that gigantic aliens turning L.A. into their own private mosh pit right outside your window.For the life of me , I ca n't see how anyone could possibly enjoy this disaster of a film . The barely-developed characters seem to be taking part in a competition to see who can be the most annoying , making you root fervently for their deaths ; there 's virtually no storyline to be found ; the special effects are much more about quantity than quality ; and the ending makes you want to smash your fists against the wall for at least five minutes . Skyline has to be the worst big-budget science fiction film I 've ever seen .
 SPOILERS FROM THE OUTSET ... TRUST ME YOU 'LL THANK ME LATER . `` Skyline '' reminded me of a big budget Sy-Fy original TV movie -- lots of meaningless but impressive action and not much of a script . It 's entertaining enough for what it is and you have to take the film for that -- it 's NOT trying to be anything original but , instead , trying to create a terrifying sense of life spiraling out of control . It 's an example of style over substance of the experience being justification enough and on that level the film IS entertaining just not all that original.Terry and Jarrod -LRB- Eric Balfour -RRB- friends who aspired to become world class rappers meet up in Marina Del Rey for Terry 's birthday party at his cool pad . Jarrod brings his girlfriend Elaine with him . Terry has become a player while Jarrod struggles to stay afloat as a photographer . While celebrating with Terry 's friends the invasion unfolds . They try to escape but take refuge back in Terry 's place when it 's clear they are trapped within the confines of the city.Unfortunately for our heroes the aliens have this mysterious blue light that hynotizes humans and they then get sucked away and so does their brains.The story behind-the-scenes is more interesting than the movie itself.END OF SPOILERS : Directed by Greg and Colin Strause -LRB- their visual effects production company worked on the visuals for `` Battle
 This movie is just plain bad , the acting , special effects , story -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- , everything about it . I love the sci-fi genre , but this one was not enjoyable in any way .
 `` Skyline '' has some cool moments , such as when witnesses are realizing that the `` debris '' that is being sucked up from the earth is in actuality hundreds of humans , but those cool moments do n't save this movie from a displeased reviewer 's fate . That the ending of the movie is not a conclusion and does not point to an obvious conclusion may be brave but it is also extremely unsatisfying . The air of claustrophobia that the film tries to achieve is offset by the blue hues of the movie -LRB- blue does n't lend itself to a claustrophobic feeling of `` everything 's closing in on me '' -RRB- . The individual aliens , full of flailing tentacles and with the inexplicable seeming ability to fly , are kinda cool and kinda rip-offs of ID4 . The larger aliens that rove the streets are like bar room bouncers and they are cool . But the ship that is able to reconstitute itself is something right out of the superhero comic books , and so is the possessed human-turned-alien . I could give `` Skyline '' a B for effort , a D for execution , and a D - for its derivative and conventional storyline . That equals out to 2.5 stars , and makes it easier to understand why so many people actually loathe the movie . My wife is one of those loathers ... but it was good enough to cause her to dream troubled dreams ...
 NOTE
 Friendly advice from one sci-fi nerd to another
 This movie is about as unoriginal as they come . Produced by people with enough money to afford good SFXs but with no creativity . The space ships -LRB- another reviewer describes them as `` giant vacuum cleaners from space '' -RRB- are copies from other movies , the alien creatures are uninspired copies from all the good ` alien ' movies from the past and the plot is totally predictable . This movie is a combination of Independence Day , War of the Worlds , and various ` Alien ' films that we have already seen . This film was a tremendous waste of money to make . What studio would have paid for this ? It 's not worth buying . See the other films instead .
 I rarely watch SciFi movies because in general they can be counted on to be trite , unimaginative , and deathly dull . This movie is no exception save for the special effects , which are really good CGI . But the plot is , well , entirely vacant and the acting is wooden and the script was apparently written by an eight-year-old who clearly enjoyed highly caffeinated soda more than literature of any kind . Pretty much no cliche is left unturned , but the funniest moment for me was when the terrifying alien invader - that has resisted all manner of hi-tech weaponry so far - is vanquished by one angry young dude 's fists of fury . This is very much a case of `` use the farce , Luke , use the farce '' and if you 're a fan of time-wasting empty trash then this is absolutely the movie for you .
 Skyline was a totally forgettable waste of time . Some hot young people party all night , then wake up in the morning to a really bright light shining through the windows which sucks people out the windows . Yep , it 's alien abductions ... The light goes away pretty quickly , and then the hot young people are stuck in the sky scraper they partied in . Most of their neighbors are gone , the ones who remain are boring/old and cultural differences hamper cooperation , and aliens of different varieties troll the city for surviving people to capture.Execution can make that a good premise or a bad one . In this case , there was n't anything that made this movie special . The hot young people have various little problems to make you care about them
 Elaine -LRB- Scottie Thompson -RRB- and her husband Jarrod -LRB- Eric Balfour -RRB- have the chance to make a life for themselves in L.A when Jarrod 's successful friend Terry -LRB- Donald Faison -RRB- offers him a job . Which is good for the couple since Elaine is pregnant.But Elaine and Jarrod may not live happily ever after since aliens suddenly attack L.A ! The couple along with other survivors must band together and stay away from the pretty blue light that attracts their attention before the alien 's grab them!With the ending , it 's obvious the film-makers planned sequels , Skyline just is n't good enough to make you want sequels though . The plot is thin and there 's nothing here that we already have n't seen from better alien invasion movies . Alien movies these days are sadly even nothing compared to Independence Day . There 's some scenes with fighter jets versus alien ships here but none of those scenes are as exciting as anything from ID4 . While , I admit the film did keep my attention through-out , it 's the horrible ending that 's like something from a Resident Evil movie that drags Skyline ... all the way down .
 This movie is an example of a decent idea that gets murdered because too many people have input into the process . It is a little disjointed with no clear direction . Despite that , it was a fairly decent movie up into the ending -LRB- more on that later -RRB- The movie begins with a completely pointless temporal jump , starting in the present and then jumping back to the previous day then working its way back to the present . WHen you see it , you 'll see how completely pointless it is.After that , the movie is actually really good . Plenty of Suspense and Tension as the characters run for their lives.Unfortunately , the movie is completely ruined by the last 5 minutes . The ending is truly one of those endings in which you throw the remote across the room and scream WTF was that ??? Best advice I could give you is to somehow track the movie and stop it 5 minutes before it ends . Stop it right there , and the movie is actually fairly decent . But the last 5 minutes turns a fairly decent film into stir-fried dog crap movie that pisses you off completely.amnightus
 One of the worst films of the year.Plot was predictable -LRB- if you could call it that -RRB- Barely any dialogue.Film was pretty much special effects only.Aliens invade earth.Aliens turn humans into cyborg monsters.Flat and predictable .
 I found myself wondering if this film were based on a video game . Lame acting -- main character seems to be on drugs . More action than character development . Unrealistic reactions from some characters . For this type of movie , did n't like the flashback style of the beginning . No need to see the first few minutes again.However , most of the movie was better than I expected . This movie received terrible reviews and was only in theaters where I live for a very short time . Did n't expect much , so was n't disappointed.Except with the ending . Very abrupt and left me going HUH ?? Pretty obvious what would eventually happen , but interesting that the creators avoided explicit violence at the very end , unlike throughout the earlier film . I think they were hoping the film would be a hit so they could justify a sequel that would pick up at this point . Probably not , unless it goes straight to video .
 THIS REVIEW HAS A COUPLE OF ` MINOR SPOILERS ' . BEGINNING WITH THE FACT THAT THIS MOVIE HAS A WHOLE LOT OF MAJOR SPOILERS.After having read about five good reviews and five bad reviews on this film , I decided to give it a shot , based on one reviewers summation that `` It is what it is
 Skyline was the worst movie seen in 2010 . The acting was average at best , and the directing and the F/X were good , but the writing was terrible . A buddy and I went thinking it would be an average sci-fi / action film and were both disappointed and wanted the two hours of our lives back.The writers took the standard writing formula and it started out well : Take a protagonist and give him the worst day of his life -LRB- having to choose between his dream job and his pregnant girlfriend on the day of an alien invasion -RRB- . Check.The hero 's attempts to escape or fight off the aliens left him in a worse situation than earlier . Check.The world 's military is also powerless against the invaders . Okay , so far , so good.How can the hero prevail ? What to do ? Good question , and unfortunately one the writers could n't answer either , so they ended the story . SPOILER ALERT
 I 'm a sucker for alien invasion sci-fi films showcasing vividly imagined technologies . Imagine my excitement when offered a preview of Skyline in the theatre . Massive alien ships hovering over Los Angeles drawing tens of thousands of humans within petaled-open bay doors like indiscriminate grains of rice . That magnificent scene lingers in the released film for about as long as it does in the preview.Instead we 're left with a 1:30 hour movie that feels long and thin . Acres of time devoted to the character 's reaction to crisis and reaction to each other 's reactions . A wasted opportunity to explore human psychology , group dynamics , and the establishment of pecking order and leadership in the absence of law during a crisis -LRB- a poorly scripted co-op building manager is the self-elected lead survivalist -RRB- . The movie is highly derivative but that 's to be expected . As with Independence Day , the American military mounts a battle - even using the same B-2 bomber to launch a nuke at one of the large craft -LRB- in this movie , the craft actually crashes only to quickly reassemble -RRB- . But our counter-attack comes late and is uninspired - a fleet of warplanes , some soldiers helicopter-dropped on some rooftops . We are shown glimpses of alien craft penetrating other global cities but we do n't know the outcome . In fact , with the scant information given by credit roll , we can only assume the aliens have scored complete global dominance.But aside from this academic stuff what is Skyline really about ? Brains harvested from entire human populations drive bioengineered alien creatures . We learn this in the final 10 minutes .
 Prepare yourself . One of the WORST movies of all time . Universal should be paying people to suffer through this , instead of the other way around .
 I seen the trailer for this movie , looked REALLY goodi saw the movie in theaters , it was HORRIBLE!This movie was God awful horrible ! there is virtually NO PLOT to this and the only good part of the movie was at the very ending when the real action started to kick up but just cuts off to the ending credit.DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE !!!!!!!!
 just like district 9 a great idea gone terribly bad . to say the least this movie is dead from the start . read the other one or two star reviews they hit the nail on the head .
 I am now in a terrible mood . I was not satisfied by this poor excuse for a sci-fi action/drama/donkey excrement . No dialog , no character development , no story , no boobs even.There was action . There were explosions . There were unrelenting aliens with unclear motives . I predict that in the future history of our branch of the multiverse , there will never be a sequel to this crap taco.About the only thing that can cheer me up now is a baby fart .
 Ok lets start out with the good things 1 . graphicsIm a guy who doesnt care for graphics so the movie was exaggerated i laughed at it because it was sooooooooooo bad . ok so these aliens come and basically kill like 99 percent of LA and in the end ... i must warn you if you wan na see this movie dont read on ... ok back to the point in the end the 1 girl is basically the only survivor and judging by the way its going she is going to die also but as i said before the graphics are really good this one the second worst movie besides kung foo panda ok so ive said every thing except ... DONT SEE IT
 It 's true , this movie is indeed really bad : * poor acting * poor storyline * poor directing * poor writing/dialog * poor ending * poor logic -LRB- some how they were able to watch the jet fights in close ups on TV , who is shooting it ? -RRB- * poor use of law-of-physics -LRB- except the alien force -RRB- * poor use of RED camera -LRB- not film like , more like a reality tv show -RRB- Special effects were good but overall - piss poor .
 I wish I could have the 90 minutes back that I wasted watching this film . I wo n't go into detail about what the film was about , a lot of other reviews have already explained it thoroughly . I just felt I had to put my 2 cents in here . I 'm not sci-fi fan anymore , but I used to be a diehard sci-fi fan . This is one of the worst films I 've seen . No plot , very weak story line . The best part was the closing credits . I give it 2 stars because I think the actors did a good job with what they had to work with . Do n't waste your time .
 Cheezy special effects , ridiculous plot , bad acting - this movie has it all . If you only remember one thing let it be this - DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS MOVIE !
 OK . . not really going to comment on the quality of the movie as its really a matter of taste . . but i am going to comment on the bluray itself
 and that is some statement , but it really is the most dire movie in movie history . No pace , no script , no direction , no story , no plot , no acting ... i actually pressed the speed forward button after 60 minutes as i couldnt take anymore but i thought id see what the conclusion was ... and that was laughable ! ... how on earth do people get away with being able to make such a bad movie ! ... hollywood is going from bad to worse . Please avoid this movie like the plague !!!!!!!! ... you have been warned
 JUDGING solely by the flying body-part and headless bodies after the ... . err ... . process ... YES probably ... . WE do like the concept of a totally ALIEN culture , but these aliens seem to be totally mindless lugs . UNLES this is a drone invasion and the actual aliens are forthcoming - seems like it ???? YES , it IS a ` Cloverfield ' ripoff , the lead actor surpasses Adrian Brody in the Nose and Chin department ... . good lord - probably demanded and received a dressing room for each facial section . YUK - He is NOT a handsome leading man . Grotesque , yes , very grotesque facial features and I would not like to wake up next to that NO MATTER what hung south of the border ... also the ongoing physical morph of the character is NOT clear -LSB- a bow to `` Not of This Earth '' ??? -RSB- . The movie owes a huge tribute to `` Fiend Without a Face '' - that 's the germ of the visual . ALSO `` Matrix '' but only # 1 not the rest . Very crude regarding the brain extraction bit and not too clear ~ in one way the brains and spinal cords -LSB- the human system -RSB- is literally ripped out and `` thrust '' -LSB- hey it is not delicate surgery - short of using a classic tin opener -RSB- into an organic cyborg type `` thing '' ~ H.P. LOVECRAFT may like this `` concept '' - compared to `` Battle for Los Angeles '' this one 's 1/2 a notch above it . ANY `` surgery '' like this would instantly destroy the functional properties of the brain and spinal cord - although purely from an organic pov ~ the end result could be quite tasty in the kitchen - considering appropriate seasoning.This one 's a notch higher . BUT just a notch highter - appeals to the teen and pre-teen circle jerk crowd .
 Same premise , same plot , same pacing , same characters , same story ... except it 's on the west coast this time . What a film-making catastrophe . I hated all of the characters , a bunch of stereotypical sniveling 20-somethings who think their lives are more important than they really are ... get over yourselves . I cheered for the aliens . It was truly painful to watch , 45 minutes of my life I 'll never get back ; note that the movie is 90 minutes long so I did n't make it . I love sci-fi , and although the genre of original movies has been dead for over 10 years -LRB- most recent sci-fi flicks are remakes or re-hashes of something before like older movies , books , or toys -RRB- I thought `` how bad can it be ? '' -- oh yes , it 's THAT bad . Thankfully I borrowed the movie from some unfortunate soul who actually paid money for it . Had I bought it , I would n't be here to write this review because I would have immolated myself . To those that actually thought it was a `` good '' movie , my word , I fear for the future and the future of film-making ... beam me up , no intelligent life down here . One star for the special effects , though the effects are n't anything that have n't been done before . This is no Stanley Kubrick film for certain .
 Skyline Review . . I was not happy with the movie which was produced by the same people who produce many of the SyFy channel shows . The movie could have been shot in a one bedroom apartment . It certainly did not compare with Falling Skies or even Battle : Los Angeles .
 I watched this movie cold having no idea how it would end ; the problem I found was it did n't end , just stopped . The computer effects were very well done so there 's really no complaint from that department ; the storyline was the familiar alien invasion by a technologically superior force.Most of the component elements of the story were pretty much of an `` off-the-shelf '' variety so there were few , if any surprises . The genre of this movie is a blend of sci-fi and horror with the horror part taking the lead most of the movie . Did I mention that there is no ending , the movie just picks a point and stops on a very downer note . I 've seen other movies and books that did this and I must confess this approach is rather annoying to me.This is definitely one you want to watch before buying ; some of the reviewers liked it but it 's a very polarizing movie in my opinion .
 Considering the low budget -LRB- estimated 10 million US dollars -RRB- of the indie sci-fi action , the special effects of `` Skyline , '' directed by the Brothers Strause , are pretty impressive . But the movie feels long and drawn out , at times even boring . The `` no escape '' situation surrounding the main characters may remind us of some of the George A. Romero classics , but the thrill-free alien invasion movie fails to generate anything in the way of tension or suspense due to the weak story and lackluster performers.The story of `` Skyline '' mostly takes place in and around a high-rise condominium in LA -LRB- a cost saving scheme for filmmakers -RRB- , where characters including an artist Jarrod -LRB- Eric Balfour -RRB- and his girlfriend Elaine -LRB- Scottie Thompson -RRB- witnesses the alien invasion . To stay alive , the humans have to hide from the invaders from outer space -LRB- and the strange blue-colored light showering from up above -RRB- . It must be admitted that independent filmmakers Greg and Colin Strause -LRB- `` Aliens vs. Predator
 I watched this movie and this is what I think of the movie.The Acting in this movie was not even B grade and using the word Dude over and over and over realy was frustrating to watch . It was like with the Acting and script they attempted to go cirtian directions but ended up confusing me as to what this movie was all about.The special effects were Awesome . The plot line had potentional but I think they tryed to go sevral directions and failed to reach these directions and ended up with a hurry up and get it done movie.The ending or the last 10 mins of the movie were the best part for me . I did like the ending I think they were attempting to leave room for another movie but I am not sure.Over all I was disapointed with the movie and will stick to that.I know there are a few who enjoyed the movie and prolly seen things I did not but thats up to each of us and in my case I would recomend Avoiding this movie B/c this is a movie not worth it ...
 Good grief , where to begin ? I thought it would be fun to see the neighborhood torn-up by some aliens . I was n't expecting much and i 'm often content to suspend my disbelief for a the sake of a couple of hours of eye candy.But this movie sucks the Big One mosly because it 's too violent for kids and too stupid for adults.I can forgive cliches because cliches are the hammer and nails of storytelling - sadly there 's no lumber to apply them to here and even the charming Donald Faison is unable to do anything with his crappy lines.Short list of the most jarringly awful moments in no particular order :1
 Given that this had zero positive critic reviews I do n't know why I watched this . Now I wished I had n't . It was terrible . First , you have to sit through about 20 minutes of incredibly corny dialogue . Then the aliens come and the rest of the movie is even worse . It has bad acting , cookie cutter characters , and a terrible screenplay . At one point it even had that clich&eacute;d guy yelling `` nooooooooo '' in slow motion . How do movies like this get made ? Worse yet , it had a brainless ending that implied that a sequel is coming '' noooooooo . ''
 I ca n't possibly say anything more then the other 100 + people who gave this a terrible review . Other then the solid cast of Eric Balfour , David Zayas and that guy from Scrubs it had very little to offer . OK so it had pretty good effects well that 's great , but they sure do n't make up for PLOT HOLES and a bad script . The ending , how depressing was that ?! Watch Battle for L.A. which was a much better film.Recommend this DVD to someone you really wan na piss off ! LOL
 This is one of the worse movie I 've seen . I am glad I did not watch it in theater , I would have ask for my money back . R U kidding me . The actors hardly move from the & * -LRB- -RRB- & * -LRB- room . Do not purchase this movie ! If you hesitate , RENT it first then decide .
 I was extremely disappointed by this film . I had very high expectations going into the show . However , I found it to be a half baked story line filled with poor acting , very long and drawn out ` ramp up ' , and it seemed the author had no idea how to end the movie . So , the story line and film was just ended . I am sure someone had some whacked out deeper meaning thing in mind that we 're all supposed to get - some type of geopolitical statement about our present world and ` stolen resources ' , or something like that , which only the creative director of this film understands . I recommend staying away from this one - unless you like a good joke without the punch line .
 Sob ... an hour and a half out of my life I can never get back.Please ... if you see the DVD lying around anywhere stomp on it . I ca n't review this mess ... I do n't know -LRB- or care -RRB- what happened except for alot of icky antenna like thingys making icky loud noises , alot of cardboard pretty people running around screaming , the same apartment set over and over ... and over -LRB- budget saver ? -RRB- , etc. . . ??? No more , please , this is pure torture ... enough ...
 Watching this movie is like walking up a muddy hill in the rain . Nothing gells . I ca n't put my finger on why it does n't work , but , it really , really does n't .
 This movie is TERRIBLE ! If you 're the kind of person who likes to watch bad movies and make fun of them - this one 's for you . The `` acting '' WILL make you laugh at times . The problem is - it 's not supposed to be funny . Stay away from this movie if you value your time at all -LRB- 94 minutes I 'll never get back -RRB- .
 I am glad I read all these reviews . I usually do n't go for them but I think this time with some many 1 's I will get this from netflix or something.I really thought by the previews it would be good . I love sci-fi and this disappoints me.I go and buy most sci-fi movies like this but do n't guess I will on this one .
 I 've always liked these types of movies but this is the WORST movie of this type I 've seen . The movie should make me want to see the heroes attack and vanquish the big bad aliens . However I found the characters so unlikable that I was pulling for the aliens . They could n't kill them fast enough to get them off the screen . It takes either real skill or complete incompetence to craft a movie with not one character with any redeeming qualities .
 I have been watching and reading sci fi for about 55 years . I have seen all the good movies starting from The Day the Earth Stood Still to Five Million Years to Earth , and I have to say this was probably the worst movie I have ever seen . There was no real plot . The invaders come , they take over the earth , the main characters get taken aboard the ship and five minutes later the movie is over . No explanation , no understanding and you are left hanging with the thought '' Why did they cut off the movie in the middle ? '' Maybe they want to sell a sequel ? I think that is the only possibility . The only things that were good were the special effects . But what good is a movie if there is no plot resolution and it stops abruptly ? These directors have to go back to school and learn how to finish something they started . Save your money .
 I 'm glad I rented this movie before attempting to buy it . The acting / characters sucks more than anything I have ever seen in any Sci-Fi movie . The special effects are the best part but the plot is awful . No comparison to Independence Day or Battle L.A. I totally agree with several other negative reviewers here . Do n't even rent this garbage . You 've been warned . P.S. - I saw Battle LA in theater the opening weekend and I thought it was a better movie than Independence Day . Plenty of action and awesome special effects from start to finish .
 I do n't know how many copies there have been of the 1953 classicThe War of the Worldsbut Skyline aspires to be among them . This is a contemporary film about 20 - and 30-somethings in Los Angeles ' entertainment business that awake one morning to invasion by newfangled spaceships and aliens . The aliens poke around with bright lights -- just like one of the most vivid scenes from the 1953 classic -- and find their quarry , then consume them.The movie features Eric Balfour -LRB- Rise of the Gargoyles , Lie With Me -RRB- and Scottie Thompson -LRB- whose credits are mostly TV shows -RRB- as the leading couple who play a role thoughout the movie . Neither are destroyed and Balfour makes a comical reincarnation at the end in an alien spaceship that is as predicatable as it is stupid . Their acting , along with the rest of the cast , is Johnny one note , unbelieveable , and without redeeming quality.Stupid is probably a byword for Skyline ; this is an intellectually empty film . There is no wonder , no sense of discovery or newness , no trying to figure out any subtleties in the script , no nothing to keep you involved from long scene to long scene . The pace of the action varies from rapid -- when you first see an alien , which looks something like a mechanical dinosaur changeling covered in thick grease -- to the people talking about how they do n't know what to do next , which takes up most of the onscreen time.I thought I 'd seen some overrated and disappointing sci-fi others thought brilliant the last couple years includingDistrict 9andCloverfield , but the former is War and Peace compared to Skyline and Cloverfield , with its annoying hand-held camera , was more exciting , interesting and visually spectacular . While technical wizardy has created some aliens you probably have n't seen before , there is no other reason to see Skyline unless you want to go home dissatisfied and $ 30 poorer -LRB- it cost my wife and I $ 14 for matinee tickets and $ 14.25 for treats -RRB- so do n't see it unless that 's your goal . If you wait for it to come to DVD , you 'll only be $ 5 or $ 10 poorer .
 I am an easy mark when it comes to bad sci fi movies -LRB- just ask my wife -RRB- , but even I could n't get past this one . Predictable premise , badly `` borrowed '' from Independence Day , shallow acting , weak ending , mediocre effects . It literally had no redeeming qualities . Seriously , I 'm the guy who will drop 10 bucks to see a bad movie in a heartbeat , but this is one of the first ones in a long time where I 've said at the end `` that 's 2 hours of my life that I 'll never get back . '' Do n't waste your time or money on this one folks .
 I thought this movie had potental to be a great sci fi movie . It had awesome visual affects , creepy looking aliens and characters that ... ok forget about the characters . Lets get to the story.A young couple arrive in LA to visit their friends when all hell breaks loose . The next day aliens invade and draw humans to them using this bright blue light . They stake out in the appartment waiting for help.Ok one of the major problems with the movie was ... not enough aliens ... well not until the last 20 or so minutes we get some really cool action . For some reason , the producers felt we should see the human experience of all this . So basically instead of a sci fi horror ... it becomes more of a survival horror . Trying not to be taken while watching all of the action from a windown.The whole reason why the aliens were invading reminded me of those chessey 1950s sci fi B film , that no one remembers . I wont get into detail but if you see it , you 'll know what I mean.The driving force of one of the main characters was so unessary . You learn of it from the begining . Then we dont hear about it again until much later in the movie . Then never again.Another big problem was ... THE ENDING ... It just ends out of no where . Just when the plot gets very interesting ... it ends . I doubt there will be a sequel since this movie was panned by practically every single person who saw this ... critics included . So we will never know what happens afterwards.Overall despite the potental this movie had , it was all in all a bad ... I mean bad sci fi movie.SKIP!Pros : - The special affects-Creeping looking aliensCons : - The ending-How can they make this into a survival horror-Not enough aliens until near the end of the movie.-Main focus reminds me a B movie from the 50s-Forget about the driving force
 what ever . . No really . . thats my review . It is as complete as the movie was.Sigh , nope , I ca n't do it . . Special effects , sweeet . Afore mentioned haven dude , rarely out of a wife beater , heh . . also nice . Sorry , thats the best I can do , and really in my opinion , the best they did . Previous viewers mentioned the whole , we rang . . ooops . Sorry , that did not work for me either . . Aliens were a bit too `` meaty '' for me to believe they were the new world , pfft . Wait for this one to be the free home view on netflix , not worth the rental bucks ... sorry haven dude .
 Skyline is easily one of the worst movies of the year , and it 's an absolutely terrible film overall . This movie took one of the most entertaining subject matters - an alien invasion - and made it one of the most boring exercises in film-making I 've seen in quite some time . I do n't understand how a group of filmmakers could make something this bad and have it released into theaters as opposed to on television . This is to science-fiction what MacGruber was to comedy.There are no big name actors and it shows through the horrible acting displayed in one horrible scene after another . The movie starts with a pointless glimpse of the future before flashing back 15 hours and then quickly jumping back to where we began . There is n't a single memorable character , and I can only remember one character 's name due to the abysmal yet comedic last scene . There is no character development and very little drama considering the fact that the world has started to be invaded by an all powerful galactic force . The aliens do n't talk , are barely seen outside of their ships , and in the end , are n't explained at all . They have the depth of a bad video game villain , and only want one thing - brains . Basically if you look at the aliens odd blue light `` weapon '' , your body is taken over and you are taken into the sky.As I mentioned , the ending is so ridiculous that it 's unintentionally one of the funniest scenes I 've seen all year . It 's so bad that it 's worth renting when released on DVD just to fast-forward and see . I would avoid this film though , because getting sucked into this is pure punishment .
 You no longer need a screenplay to make an alien invasion movie . All you need is a special effects studio , a lot of computers , and creature designers that go for all the reliable hallmarks , like flailing tentacles . You also need plenty of death and destruction , and it must all be contained within the borders of a major city - say Los Angeles or New York , because God knows an alien species prefers them to cities like Pittsburg or Chicago or Seattle or Cleveland . Scenes like that serve as a nice counterpoint to hilariously unconvincing lines like , `` Everything 's under control ! '' Convention dictates that whoever says something like this is acting out of desperation , not determination , and this is why we already know that the character will bite it within the next ten to twenty minutes , if not sooner.There was a time when we could rely on an alien invasion movie to tell us a story , no matter how shoddy the special effects , no matter how embarrassing the performances , no matter how weak the premise . Even the lowliest B-movies of the 1950s had actual writers attached to them . They depended on science fiction to send allegorical messages about social issues , nuclear war , the horrors of technology , or political corruption . `` Skyline '' takes the exact opposite approach ; it 's a technical achievement trapped in a narrative so incompetent , it does n't even earn the distinction of a B-movie . There is no story . There is no theme . It makes not the slightest effort to be consistent , plausible , or understandable . It provides us with no resolution , apart from the possibility of a sequel . Not bloody likely , if I may quote George Bernard Shaw.It 's sad to think of all the talent that went into the special effects , knowing their efforts were wasted on a film undeserving of them . We are provided with a few genuinely good looking shots ; one of my favorites was of the aliens sucking hundreds of people up into their mother ship like bugs in a vacuum cleaner . I also liked the aliens themselves , even if tentacles stopped being original long before the release of `` Independence Day . '' They were designed by Alec Gillis and Tom Woodruff , Jr. , best known for their contributions to the `` Alien '' franchise . I 've watched interviews with them . They seem like nice guys . Sometimes , though , I wonder if they go into a film project without really knowing what the director has in mind . Did they realize that their designs would be featured in a film that makes no attempt to explain them?For a movie with no plot , there is an awful lot of setup . It begins with couple Jarrod -LRB- Eric Balfour -RRB- and Elaine -LRB- Scottie Thompson -RRB- flying into Los Angeles from Brooklyn to visit their old friend , Terry -LRB- Donald Faison -RRB- , who struck it big as a Hollywood special effects producer . Their inconsequential human drama is rudely interrupted when , at 4:30 the following morning , the city is attacked by extraterrestrial forces . Their weapon of choice is n't a laser beam or a death ray , but a brilliant blue light ; once you look into it , you 're hopelessly drawn in , like a moth is drawn to a flame . Your eyes cloud over . Dark tendrils spread across your skin like bruises . What they want with us is left hopelessly obscure , although we are treated to a number of shots of glowing blue brains being sucked out of people 's heads - with the spinal cords still attached , no less.Every movie like this deserves at least one glaring technicality . `` Skyline '' provides us with several . Immediately after everyone wakes up at 4:30 , for example , both Jarrod and Terry head to the roof of the apartment complex to get a better view ; they emerge in full sunlight , which must mean that it took them at least three hours to climb a few flights of stairs . Later on , when the television is turned on , it 's discovered that every local news broadcast is missing their anchors . This begs two questions
 This movie can be summed up in one word
 The movie starts out as a good thriller movie . Then it stalls . Finally you realize there are only 15 min left and wonder where they plan on going with the film . By the end , I was thinking , `` That was it ? Give me back the hour and a half of my life ! '' Seriously , the preview is as good as it gets .
 I saw this movie and think it stinks . I mean it had action but a lot of it seemed to take place on the roof of a tall building . It also seemed like a remake of scenes from Independence Day , War of the Worlds , and Alien . Humans fighting alien monsters who have bright lights that hypnotize you and pull you in . Then they eat you . Lol . Very stupid . Also if they do n't get you with the light they can pull you in with their tentacles -LRB- which also light up -RRB- . They are sort of like flying octopuses . Oh yes , the creatures also resemble those machine monsters in the Matrix that are drilling through to the center where the humans are . It seems they like to pull your brain/spine out and eat it or turn you later into one of them . They also pull your head off and decapitate you . In general stupid and gory . And the humans loose at the end , and no one likes a bad ending . You like to cheer and clap at the end , not feel bad . All in all , I give it a 2 , maybe a 3 if your into special effects . Special effects were ok , but not great .
 Somewhere within there 's a better story but it 's in need of some revising . Tale focuses on some shallow LA types who are living it up when the city is attacked by a swarm of aliens . Think INDEPENDENCE DAY gone horribly wrong . There 's some nice special effects here and there and moments when the story gets interesting but in lots of other parts it feels like they ran out of money or the people creating it got tired and decided to end the pain fast.The ending was somewhat lame . CHARACTERS/DIALOGUE
 I do n't even know where to begin ... SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERTThis is one of those movies that look so good from trailers , but when seen in its entirety , reality sets in . This movie looks like an intelligent , well made , alien invasion film . It is not intelligent , and it is not well made . The film quite simply is a cheap sci-fi flick we call `` B-movies '' . Complete with over the top shrieking women , and macho men who bite off more than they can chew , this film is a total disaster . The story begins nowhere , goes nowhere , and winds up in a mucky & grotesque startling turn for an ending which makes absolutely no sense whatsoever.The film wastes about a half an hour on senseless back story about the unlikable characters , and it does it in such a way that it has absolutely no impact on the story itself . When you take out the senseless and worthless backstory/setup , the film has approximately an hour of actual time to do everything else with the alien invasion.Even the alien invasion is a HUGE letdown , showing us nothing more than what the trailer already had . The majority of the storyline is the unlikable characters holed up in a single building . There were 3 things that kept popping into my mind during the movie :1 > This is exactly like a cheap B-movie with unknown actors , bad acting , and crappy special effects .2 > I was bored , and wanted the film to end3 > Aside from the crappy backstory that wastes the first 30 minutes of the film , the rest of it is a badly done space invaders version of Cloverfield . A giant monster savages LA , while the unlikable characters struggle to avoid its minions which get deployed into the high rise apartment building , looking for humans to eat/abduct/decapitate . I am thinking for the words to express how bad this movie is , but I just ca n't think of words which would express it . I LOVE Sci-Fi films having anything to do with space , aliens , futuristic battles/weaponry . This film satisfies none of those desires . It leaves you wondering how the director fooled us all with a cool trailer . This movie will officially be recognized as one of the biggest flops in modern sci-fi history . I have a feeling this film had a decent budget , but the movie comes off like a bad B-movie with no plot.Let 's talk about the plot . There is none . Simply idiots who we do n't care about anyway trying to avoid being taken by the Octopus creatures with 18 Kmart blue light special light bulbs for eyes . Yes , all the aliens seem to have the appearance of a giant Octopus and blue light bulbs for eyes.In short , if you see this movie , you will agree with everything I have said unless you are an idiot who is entertained by bad sci-fi flicks with bad special effects , and a total lack of anything resembling a plot , or likable characters .
 If you 're laughing through most of what is supposed to be a serious movie , that 's not a good sign.When a group of friends meet up in LA for a birthday celebration , their partying is interrupted by the descent of some hungry aliens looking to harvest the human race.Skyline is another alien movie that retells the same , old story of aliens taking over the earth . They tried to make it different , but failed to successfully do so . They also failed to capture our interest . They also failed in making a good movie.To begin with , the movie did not make the characters engaging enough and while they attempted to make us feel emotionally involved by making one of the main characters pregnant , it did not work at all . Most of the characters dropped like flies , and you did n't really care . The acting was okay , but really suffered from a lack of good dialogue . The movie was painful to listen to whenever the characters had to speak more than a few words at a time.While attempting to be a different kind of alien film , the movie had too many likenesses to other more popular alien films such as Independence Day and War of the Worlds . The music was overdone and tried to make you feel more emotional at certain parts , but it only ended up adding to the predictability of the movie . If the music starts getting triumphant , you know it wo n't last . And to sum up the rest of the film
 This movie is similar to Cloverfield , except with aliens instead of dinosaurs . The aliens win . The homosexual/gay sex scene was unnecessary and disgusting . The other suggestive sex scenes were also unnecessary . There is some gore in this movie ... with people 's heads being ripped off -LRB- and their brains being assimilated by the aliens -RRB- . There is some foul language , but not as much as you might expect from a movie like this . The only actor I recognized was the african-american man from Scrubs . The acting was so-so . The special effects were fine . The ending is dark . This is definitely not a family movie .
 As my 11 yr old son says , `` Worse movie ever ! Do n't rent it '' . I may be bias , but I think he is smarter than everyone who gave this movie more than 2 stars . I totally agree with him -LRB- and everyone else who gave it 1 star -RRB- . The only actor we recognized was the black guy -LRB- from `` Remember the Titans '' -RRB- . His was the only character willing to take any logical action after the alien invasion -LRB- lock & load and move to safety -RRB- , and he dies halfway through movie ! He should have remembered his manners and let the blond girl in Mercedes drive out of entrance first , then maybe he would have reached his boat and headed out to sea and safety - and the movie could have ended much sooner . SPOILER
 -273 Abosolute Zero rating is too high for this movie . A wannabe `` War of the Worlds ' movie that fails miserably with storyline and execution . Even the special effects are n't so special . The $ 0.99 cents I paid to watch this movie was a waste of money and for sure a major waste of time !!
 I would give it zero stars it if I could . This is the worst , film I have ever seen in my lifetime . I am a huge sci-fi fan , and movie fan . I have seen some of the worst movies others hate . I have found something good in these movies . This movie , there is nothing good . No plot , no beginning , no ending . No storyline , nothing but boredom . Do n't waste your time . There is a reason it went to dvd so soon , because it is a terrible movie . I ca n't even call it a movie . More like a terrible waste of time . That does fit.Ralph
 Load of trash , skip it . Ending was the only good thing about it , the fact that it ended . Highly doubtful that the city would be completely empty after 2 `` attacks '' . You little maggots think indestructible aliens are a good thing ? An alien mothership gets blown-up and then magicallly re-assembles itself . The writers had to make up for some lazy writing and all of you iSheep go along with it . Also , the fact that all the jets explode for no reason . Then there 's a mathematical mismatch . The alens are harvesting millions of brains and only have a handful of giant monkeys . Okay , 5 huge monkeys and 5,000,000 people . Does this make sense to all you children ?
 Length :
 2 of my kids watched this . my daughter is 2 and my son is 5 . they both cried hysterically when elmo lost his blankie . it 's too traumatic for kids .
 My 2 year old adores Elmo but gets bored with this movie after just a few minutes . I ca n't stand it either . We 've tried to watch it more than once and still do n't know if Elmo ever gets his blanket back because it 's so boring we ca n't finish it !
 Just past Sesame Street is a world of garbage , jails , peril and fear . Elmo searches for his beloved blankie in a hostile land ruled by a sadistic adult who delights in his misery . Despite feeble attempts to reassure its innocent audience , this movie is essentially abusive even to kids who may enjoy it .
 This video was purchased for my 2 1/2 year old son for Christmas by his Grandma . She even bought a VHS version for her house so he could watch it at either place . The sole reason she selected this video was because of the title character . Yes , my son is a full fledged member of the ELMO fan club , like many children his age are . We soon found out that Grandma wasted her money ... BIG TIME . The movie is a bit strange to say the least , and a little on the psychadelic side . The most disturbing part is when the `` evil '' character arrives in Grouchland via helicopter . This is when my son BEGS me to turn it off and says `` It scares me , mommy . '' -LRB- while covering his ears -RRB- It did n't take us long to figure out that this was not the video for him !! It was heartbreaking when I saw the fear in his little face . With the typical daredevil little boy personality , we were surprised at his reaction and both Grandma and I wished we had previewed the video before we let him watch it !
 I bought this movie for my 3 yr old son with high expectations . We love Elmo ! Well , the whole blankie thing did n't go over very well and caused tons of ` blankie problems ' . I found it very loud too . I did n't think it was the best 3 yr . old Elmo flick . Maybe for a little older age . Very disappointed .
 My 2 year old loved this movie when we got it for him . He still loves it to date and cries to watch it . Ever since he claims everything to be his , he uses the words mine , me , I a lot . There are also other words that he learned from the movie , like greedy , stupid and more . I do not think that this is the best movie for a little child . I read some reviews of kids who got scared and upset for elmo losing his blankie . My son is almost 2.5 years and I am trying hard to get the idea of `` Mine '' out of his head , he wants everything to be his own , funny but frustrating sometimes .
 It was the worst movie I had ever seen in my life . I saw it at the movies with a friend and my mom . It was so bad that we left before it was even half over !
 My two year old son is an avid Elmo watcher . He ca n't get enough of the furry red guy . This movie seemed like a natural to add to our growing DVD children 's collection . That 's why I was completely shocked that my son was `` traumatized '' by this story . Elmo 's blanket gets torn when he is reluctant to share with his friend . This scene sent my son into hysterics . Elmo 's blankie happened to look exactly like my son 's and we had to locate his blankie and make sure it was okay . Once he was calmed down I continued the movie . The following scene shows Elmo 's blanket falling into Oscar 's can and subsequently being sucked through a `` do not open '' door . My normally outgoing , and well adjusted son broke into shrieks once again . That 's where we ended the movie . My son has no attachment to a bottle or pacifier , but he loves his blankie . The content of this movie may be too upsetting for a child with a similar love object .
 My Daughter may need therapy after viewing this hectic mess ! I am being facetious but , she is almost two years old and one of her first words was Elmo . After seeing him mad , falling down , and yelling at his friends , we had to play an Elmo music DVD to ensure that he was OK . I do not recommend this for young children , especially those who live in homes where chaos is not the norm . She simply was not used to all the activity displayed here . My Daughter is not timid - she is quite the opposite but , she would cry out Elmo 's name at every scene that showed Elmo in a compromising situation , not knowing if he was upset or hurt . Actually , I 'm not sure if this film is good for older children either , based on what I 've seen . 0 stars .
 Explain to me , please , what the Henson Creature Factory was thinking . Explain to me , even more , what Mandy Patinkin was thinking . -LRB- Vanessa Williams barely rates a mention , and here it is , now forget she exists . -RRB- It 's become obvious down through the years that , as cartoons list their stylish subtlety and went increasingly towards a specific aim at the juvenile crowd , that Jim Henson and his band of merry monsters would take up the slack that the golden age of Warner Brothers and Looney Toons had left -- material that was aimed at kids , but with enough adult-oriented material to keep the adults watching , as well . -LRB- Go back and watch those old cartoons . You 'll be amazed at what passed you over when you were a tot that you find hilarious now , such as Porky Pig 's many jabs at Hitler . -RRB- Henson 's bunch created two of television 's finest , and most underrated , variety shows , The Muppet Show and Muppets Tonight , both of which played the balance between kid-oriented slapstick and more adult humor that could have come straight from the joke book of Don Rickles . And when they started making movies , they opted for the same approach , and when parents went to see The Muppet Movie with the little ones , they ended up laughing just as much.When Jim Henson died , Brian took over , and the Creature Factory was born . Muppets in Space proved that the son had capably stepped into the shoes of the father . And now ... we get this sickly , stupid , ungainly , ludicrous mess that can only be called a film because somewhere someone is burning miles of celluloid with these images on it . At least , I fervently hope so . Even the kids in the audience -LRB- all four of them -RRB- were relatively bored with this pathetic attempt at making a kid-friendly version of The Rocky Horror Picture Show -LRB- with audience participation and all -RRB- . We 're long past the point where we feel we need to overly simplify moral lessons for kids , are n't we ? Yet the `` learning '' imparted in this film sounds -- and smells -- like a dead haddock hitting you in the face.If your kid is the world 's biggest Elmo fanatic , wait until the video comes out , and then tape it off PBS . But my kid is probably # 2 , and at least twice she asked `` is it time to go home yet ? '' -LRB- This is a kid who sat through A Bug 's Life and The Wizard of Oz with no problems , mind you . -RRB- Does it rate any stars at all ? You be the judge ...
 My 19 month son started crying histarically when Elmo lost his blaket . Keep your children away from this film . It will emotionally wreak them . I dont know what the creators were thinking , ooh wait , they we not thinking at all when they made this film . Shame .
 I rented this for my 4 year old based on other Elmo videos he had enjoyed . Bad move ! Other parents , beware!This movie takes a main character aimed at 4 year olds and plunks him down in a script aimed squarely at 8 or 9 year olds , full of very scary situations and offensive language . My son was frightened by many scenes , including ones where the villain stole Elmo 's blanket , mocked him , locked him in a dark cave , etc. , for what would have been almost an hour of scary , unfunny storyline if I had n't fast-forwarded to the end.I think the editors realized the issue , because they have Bert and Ernie as `` audience '' interrupt multiple times to say not to worry , that Elmo is going to be OK ... which did not work at all with my son.Very disappointing considering how wonderful the rest of the Sesame Street videos are . I 'd rate it minus stars if Amazon allowed .
 Who does n't love Elmo ?! Everyone loves Elmo . Well , As a parent , I saw a selfish Elmo that cared only for himself and hurt others and cause much pain . This is a terrible movie for kids to learn from . No one even addressed the selfishness that got Elmo in grouchland in the first place . Not a good thing for kids to watch . Poor movie from Sesame Street .
 We bought this video because my 2 and a half year old is a huge Elmo fan . The opening song , `` together forever '' is great as is the scene in the laundrymat , ala STOMP . But then my son gets completely turned off . In fact when Elmo gets sucked into Grouchland , my son got scared . The bad guy is really mean to Elmo and we never get past the first 10 minutes or so of this movie before my son leaves the room . What a disappointment . I think that this is a movie for older children , unlike most of the other Sesame DVDs that we have . As I read other reviews , the very positive ones are from older kids . We will see if my son changes his mind when he is a bit older .
 Our 16 month old son loves `` The Best of Elmo '' and whenever Elmo is on Sesame Street he tunes right in . We bought this DVD with high anticipation and ended up returning it.He had ZERO interest in this video , and neither did his parents . He may have been too young for this particular Elmo DVD , which is why I suggest you proceed with caution . In my opinion , it 's for ages 3 + and maybe 4 + .
 At less than 90 minutes , this is one of the LONGEST movies I have ever seen.The movie is cute , and the message is good , but I was asked `` Is it almost over yet ? '' by my four year old son before we were even 15 minutes into the movie.There 's just not a whole lot to keep anyone 's interest here.I really wanted to like this movie . I love Elmo . Maybe it 's for children even younger than my four year old .
 I agree with some other reviewers that this is not for the more sensitive child . The singing is very loud . My two year old was afraid of the vilian and began to cry halfway through . We too had to calm her down by showing her another Elmo DVD to let her know that Elmo was okay ! I 'm not sure of the age rating for this movie , but I would n't show it to kids under three , especially if they are sensitive .
 My 2-1/2 year old loves Elmo -LRB- is very attached to him -RRB- , so I rented this at our local video store . She also becomes very upset when someone she likes is upset.Five minutes into the movie we turned it off , with my toddler in hysterical tears due to the nature of the movie -LRB- Elmo 's blanket gets stolen -RRB- . She was only consoled by watching her Elmo 's World DVD instead , where he was n't sad.I 'd recommend caution on this movie if your toddler is the emotional type .
 I hate to give a bad review of this one , because I admire the work of many of the people in it . However , if you 're looking for entertainment that 's educational , this is n't it.This video is a single aphorism stretched out to movie length . Although I liked some performances -LRB- Joey Mazzarino as the bug , -RRB- and some songs -LRB- the STOMP - inspired song at the laundromat -RRB- the big picture was completely ignored in this video . I ca n't stand when children 's performers talk down to kids , and this movie does that in spades ...
 I would n't say my 21-month-old grandson is especially sensitive , but he did not view but the first few minutes of this video . When Elmo slid down into Grouchland he cried , `` Elmo ! '' in a frightened , teary voice . His mom comforted him and left him to view the rest . When Elmo 's blanket was snatched the boy sobbed , `` Elmoooo ! '' and cried and cried . The video was turned off and he and mom had some hug time . It may be that he was just too young and in a few months will enjoy this video .
 My 3 year old son likes Elmo but , he absolutely hates this video . When he asks to watch a video , he specifically states , `` but not Grouchland . '' His Mother and I found it to be mildly entertaining for adults -LRB- unlike that horrible Thomas and the Magic Railroad which , of course , my son loves -RRB- . Maybe , as he gets older , he will like it . That is , if he will ever let us put it on again .
 Let me start by saying , like my title says , my 18 month old LOVES this video !! It is one of the few that he will sit down and watch all the way through without making a peep . Unfortunately I am trying to get him to watch other videos instead because this does n't teach the greatest lessons.First of all , you have Huxley -LRB- Mandy Patinkin -RRB- who yells alot and specifically yells MINE alot . All well and good if your child is old enough to understand that 's not nice but for younger children , they just pick up the MINE since it is emphasized in the yelling . Young kids WILL pick this up . There is even a `` mine '' song that we skip everytime we watch the video.Second , there are a few questionable things that Huxley says , calling Elmo names and taunting him . At one point , he calls Elmo a little red bathmat only it does n't really sound like bathmat.The rest of the movie is okay , minus Huxley , I do n't know if they picked the wrong actor or just wrote his character poorly but either way it 's really too bad . I find the rest of the songs catchy and am okay watching the movie over and over , skipping over some of the Huxley parts of courseAs a note
 I should have watched this first before popping it into the car dvd player ... about 15-20 minutes into it she started crying and saying NO NO ELMO NO ! She was very effected , maybe next year she will like it more . We have a couple other Elmo videos that we love , not this one though .
 We popped this movie in and my little guy sat down to watch it ... he usually does n't sit still for more than a few minutes of television - but he loves Elmo , so he sat and watched until the Mean Huxley took Elmo 's Blanket . At this point he broke out into tears - He 's only 17 months ... but I would guess many children could react this way . I had to fast forward the movie to the part where Elmo got his blanket back before he stopped crying . Now he asks to take HIS blanket out of his crib when he gets up - he never did this before watching the movie.I do n't reccommend it to little ones who might get frightened .
 I thought this movie would be a lot of fun for my 2 year old who loves Elmo . I was having fun watching it in the beginning , and wish I could have seen the entire movie . However , about 15 minutes through Elmo encounters a `` scary '' helicoptor , and a villian who takes away his blanket . My daughter burst into tears . I could only console her by skipping to the end to show that Elmo got his blanket back . Two weeks after viewing she is still talking about the scary helicoptor and mean man . She , of course , would not let me put the movie in again , no matter how I assured her it was just silly and not scary .
 I bought this movie for my daughter when she was 2 1/2 . She has always loved Elmo . We did not make it through the first few minutes because she was in hysterics when elmo was loosing his blanket . I recently tried it again now that she is 4 and she still ca n't handle the stress of this movie . I think that she just identifies with Elmo so much and she is just so worried about him . She litterly sobbed and called out Elmo 's name . I am sure it is fine for some kids ... but not if your child is very sensitive like mine . I will be giving this movie away . She has never had a reaction like this to any other movie .
 I watch this movie with my younger brother and I saw a man half naked stealing little kids toys . This movie teaches kids to spit , steal , and fight . They also put all Elmos friends in jail for asking for help . It showed a man touching things that belonged to other people and saying they were now his . When I was little I walked out of theater crying . I would not recommened this to kids of any age .
 This movie is full of disgusting belching and farting , a queen actting like she 's having an orgasm when the audience goes ` pplllhh ' and more . If you are okay with your child watching this , by all means buy it . I 'll have to admitt my 20 month old liked this movie , but Im affraid it is going to ` get lost ' somewhere . A shame too , as the movie starts out really cute . It is IMHO an insult to the previous muppet movies .
 bad movie idea . not great like the elmo show on sesame street . should have never been made . do n't buy !
 Given the promising premise of this film and Albert Brooks ' great work previously , I thought this one could n't miss - but man oh man does this dog howl . All that really needs to be said is that it just ai n't funny - at all . Flat boring stereotypes abound , from the depiction of Hollywood producers , government officials , and Muslims who only laugh at racist Jewish jokes . Wow ! Hard to believe someone somewhere along the line did n't tell Brooks to put this one out of its misery before inflicting it on audiences who invested 98 min of their life for this drivel . It 's not a matter of whether or not you `` get '' Brooks ' quirky sense of humor - it 's simply that he utterly fails to present anything comedic .
 this film should have been called , Looking for Comedy.I wasnt familiar with Brooks ' work before watching this , and now that I have seen this film I think I will be avoiding this ` comic ' . The film lacks humor on every level , and tries to set up jokes that fizzle and fail relentlessly.The story is starts off on an interesting premise , find out what makes Muslims laugh . It then goes off on tangents , tells us nothing about the Muslim sense of humor , nor what makes them -LRB- or us -RRB- laugh . The standup show scene in the New Delhi hall was beyond awful and magnifies Brooks ' lack of comedic talent . I remember thinking that these people arent laughing not because they 're Muslim , or Hindu , but because the comic is atrocious.Other plot structures go nowhere , the assistant 's jealous boyfriend for instance . This film could have had so much potential with the right script and right talent , unfortunately with Brooks ' annoying tone and flat attempts at comedy , it goes nowhere .
 Early in `` Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World '' , Albert Brooks learns part of his assignment will involve writing a 500 page report . Brooks doubts if he will be able to come up with enough material for the report . Will he be able to come up with enough jokes to wrestle this 500 pound gorilla and win?Albert Brooks finds himself between movies when he receives a letter from the State Department asking him to meet with a new commission in Washington , DC . He meets with the head of the commission , former Senator Fred Dalton Thompson , and learns the government wants him to travel to India and Pakistan , stay for a month , and learn what makes Muslim people laugh . After he learns the secret , he is to write a 500 page report . His payment for a job well done ? The Medal of Freedom . Upon his arrival , he finds it hard to communicate and decides to put on a comedy concert , to help him learn first hand what Muslim people think is funny . Soon , he begins to attract the attention of both the Indian and Pakistani governments . `` Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World '' , Albert Brooks ' new film , is a better concept than finished film . Brooks is able to mine the material for laughs , but I think any average comedian would be able to achieve the same results . What Brooks brings to the film is his self-effacing persona , his ability to laugh at himself and Hollywood , which is only successful part of the time , leading to an uneven film.A 500 page report ? The longest thing he ever wrote was for high school and it did n't even begin to approach 500 pages ? Can he even come up with that many jokes ? Can he come up with enough jokes to fill a 90 minute film?The set-up is good . Brooks is initially delighted and surprised to receive the invitation from the commission , leading to many amusing jokes about his career , the state of his career , and his life at home . His wife , Laura -LRB- Emma Lockhart -RRB- , an e-Bay-aholic urges him to go to Washington , to find out what they would like him to do.Upon his arrival , he learns his assignment is to travel to India and Pakistan , stay for a month , find out what makes the Muslim people laugh , and write a really long report . Naturally , this sequence delivers a few jokes aimed at the government and sets-up a recurring theme which is , initially , funny , but tires very fast . The fact that the government , in their effort to understand the Muslim population of the World , is attempting to figure out what makes them laugh , is funny , but also scary because it seems so real . Can we really assume this is fictional ? 500 pages ! Brooks has trouble getting his mind around that figure . What can he write to fill 500 pages ? Does he even have that much material?The government promises first class transportation and accommodations throughout . When Brooks finds himself wedged next to two escorts from the State Department -LRB- John Carroll Lynch and Jon Tenney -RRB- in coach , the situation is initially funny . But the more Brooks carries on ; the joke loses its impact . When he finds his new office is very run down and ill-equipped -LRB- no computer , let alone Wi-Fi -RRB- , Brooks becomes even more sarcastic . Initially , this is funny , but the more he complains , the more annoying he becomes . He does n't seem to realize that large numbers of Americans can only make such a trip by traveling in economy next to the crying , coughing children . When he arrives in India , his eyes seem to miss the equally squalid conditions surrounding him . When he complains , he comes to resemble the classic stereotype of the Ugly American.Upon his arrival in New Delhi , the comedian interviews many people interested in becoming his assistant , providing an amusing , yet uneven sequence . Ultimately , he decides upon Maya -LRB- Sheetal Sheth , the Indian equivalent of the Julie Haggerty character in most of Brooks ' films -RRB- , an enthusiastic woman who wants to be a journalist . She provides him with a running total of the number of pages completed throughout the film.One page.Soon , Brooks decides to hold a free comedy concert , using all of his material , to help him determine what makes Muslim people laugh . The State Department co-horts find a school auditorium for him to use and Maya prints flyers for them to hand out . On the night of the concert , the auditorium is packed and Brooks begins his routine . Bombing horribly , he decides to check to see how many people speak English . The majority of the attendees raise their hands . He 's in trouble . The concert sequence is funny , but only because it goes terribly wrong . When we realize this , and the sequence continues , and continues , and continues , it becomes annoying . The material is bad and when Brooks continues with it , banging us over the head with the joke , it just becomes tedious.Two pages.There are running jokes throughout ; the State Department 's inability to provide Brooks with anything he needs to complete his assignment , the continuing inability to bridge the communication barrier , Brooks dealing with the Indian population 's idea of who is and who is n't famous , etc. . Some of these ideas work , briefly , but when Brooks returns to them again and again , they lose a lot of their impact and begin to resemble extended skits on `` Saturday Night Live '' , you know , the type that are funny one-joke premises but continue for ten or more minutes?Three pages.The concept of the film is amusing , but I have to wonder if it might have been more successful as a real documentary . The idea of Albert Brooks , as a character , in a fiction film , being played by Albert Brooks , allows the actor to take some critical digs at his career and he does his same shtick , but that 's about it . He does n't get what people are saying to him , leading to his trademark deadpan expression -LRB- funny -RRB- , but then it goes on and on , and on . When he arrives in India , he realizes more people know him as the voice of Nemo 's father . Funny , but , again , the joke goes on , and on.By making the film fiction , with Brooks and others playing themselves , yet actors playing his wife , State Department officials , his Indian assistant , etc. , the film resembles an extended episode of `` Curb Your Enthusiasm '' . This is n't necessarily a bad thing , if it were as funny as an episode of the HBO hit , but it is n't . By a long shot.Four pages.At one point , Brooks travels to Pakistan to meet with a group of aspiring comics . This idea is rife with possibilities , but the filmmaker does n't seem to have the skill to back it up . As he performs his routine , his audience laughs and laughs , but the set-up for this scene robs the laughter of any legitimacy.Five pages.Towards the end of the film , it becomes clear he will never be able to write the 500 hundred page report . Maya indicates he maybe has four or five pages when circumstances force him to leave and return home . A brief Coda indicates that the report was six pages . And he did n't receive the Medal of Freedom . The ending is handled in such an amateurish way , I find it hard to write about . At a certain point , Brooks clearly seems to run out of ideas and the film has to end , so he ends it very quickly , in a way that seems all too forced and rushed . It almost feels like he was embarrassed and wanted to end the film in a hurry . I know I was embarrassed when I watched it.Six pages.Brooks never finishes his report and is unable to wrestle his metaphorical 500 pound gorilla . Brooks ' metaphorical gorilla is called `` Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World . ''
 Actually , what this movies shows very well is that what is n't funny in one country is n't funny elsewhere either . Period . People all over the world know how to laugh , do n't get me wrong . It 's just that THIS MOVIE is about as un-funny and it 's own lame ghandi jokes.Albert Brooks , you 're no Woody Allen , sorry . NEXT !
 I wish I could grab him by the neck and pull the mony I wasted on going to this out of his wallet , there should be a law to get your mony back when movies are this bad , there is no comedy in this movie he seems lost in trying to make something out of this movie , and he is annoyingly boring ,
 looking for humor is what it is but ive been waiting for a albert brooks film it didnt get to
 I have to say Albert Brooks must be one of the most retarded comedians ever for simply the title of this movie in its setting alone . I have not seen this movie , but even if it is any good , because of its ignorance i think it can only be mediocre at best . I am ethnically Pakistani so i know what im talking about when i say Albert Brooks needs to get his facts straight . India in which he spends almost the entirety of his trip in this movie IS 13.4 PERCENT MUSLIM . ITS A HINDU COUNTRY FOR GOODNESS SAKE ! As Chris Rock would say , `` HOW IGNORANT IS THAT ?! '' Only ignorant enough for an ordinary American with an IQ of 90 or less . Its not appropriate to say its a ` Muslim ' world - it would be MORE accurate to say a ` Muslims get Lynched ' world which itself isnt entirely accurate but just trying to convey how far out the ballpark Albert Brooks went . The muslim world is vast and widespread - almost 20 percent of the WORLD is Muslim yet he chooses to go to a country which is again 13.4 percent muslim , WELL BELOW THE WORLD AVERAGE ! Look i know what you 're thinking , judge the movie by its true merit - the comedy . But sometimes when the facts are so incredibly off it becomes stupid regardless of the quality of the movie . Its like saying looking for comedy in the Christian world and going to South Korea which is 26 percent Christian . The absurdity becomes so deep rooted that the whole movie falls apart to anyone who knows anything about anything . Albert Brook pulled off a real theatric is in this one . As far as im concerned , he was either an ignorant moron during the entire writing and filming of this movie or knew how little ignorant Americans understand about the so-called muslim world so he took a movie which talked about LOOKING FOR COMEDY IN INDIA and changed it to looking for comedy in the muslim world since it creates a much more interesting title in light of the so-called war on terror . ALL TO CASH IN A BIGGER PAYCHECK .
 This quirky comedy had the potential to be pretty funny and/or actually say something about Muslim culture , and I was quite disappointed to find it met the first goal only partially and failed abysmally at the second - especially since the film spent most of its time in India , a nation I find fascinating -LRB- while it is by and large a Hindu nation , India does have a very significant Muslim population -RRB- . Frankly , I do n't know what this film actually wanted to accomplish . Stereotypes abound in the representation of the two foreign cultures , Albert Brooks spends a lot of time being conspicuously unfunny , and all but one of the secondary characters are without any substance whatsoever . Albert Brooks ' sardonic wit can be funny when he 's complaining , but that 's about all this movie has going for it.Why is Brooks Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World , anyway ? Well , a special committee headed by politician/actor Fred Thompson , working under the auspices of the State Department , has asked him to serve his country by helping the American government understand what makes your typical Muslim tick . Find out what makes Muslims laugh , as the argument goes , and you 'll go a long way toward understanding them . That 's why they 're asking Brooks , a comedian , to travel to India and Pakistan , spend a month figuring out what makes the people laugh , and write a 500 page report on it . You 'll hear a lot about this 500 page report , as Brooks goes on and on about the challenge of it , especially as time goes on and he learns almost nothing remotely useful or relevant . Thank goodness for Sheetal Sheth , who plays Maya , the assistant/secretary Brooks hires after arriving in India . Sadly , however , the script wastes a golden opportunity to reveal something about the life of an independent woman in Indian society , relegating Maya all too often as the only person in the entire film who finds Albert Brooks remotely funny.I 'll admit that I 'm not familiar with the comedic work of Albert Brooks , although I do appreciate the type of sarcastic dry humor he seems to specialize in - but I do n't see how even his biggest fan can find his big `` comedy show '' in India funny . He actually opens with a Gandhi joke , which is not the best way to win over his audience . At least they did n't have any trouble finding a crowd who could sit there stone-faced throughout the routine , as this show would be a total bomb in any country , in any language . Having counted on the big show to discover what Indians find funny , Brooks ' mission is all but doomed by this point . And forget about Pakistan - Brooks has to sneak across the border just to spend a few hours with a group of `` budding Pakistani comedians . `` If the film has any point at all - and I do n't think it does - it might be this
 Albert Brooks , as he has shown in films like Lost In America and The Muse , has an intelligent , idiosyncratic style of comedy . That , along with the provocative title of Looking For Comedy In The Muslim World , gave me certain expectations about the movie . Even though I was n't sure up front if it was a documentary or fictional -LRB- it is the latter -RRB- , the notion of a Jewish-American comic going into Islamic countries with the intention of making people laugh seemed daunting , original and unpredictable . Unfortunately , what was unpredictable to me was how tame and slight the movie turned out to be . The premise , that Brooks -LRB- playing himself -RRB- is being sent to India and Pakistan by the U.S. government to find out what makes Muslims laugh , is , if not believable , a decent enough set-up . The first problem is that the whole movie -LRB- with the exception of a midnight border crossing -RRB- takes place in India , a country that is primarily Hindu . Brooks has two American assistants with him on the trip . They are n't especially funny ; you ca n't say they are `` straight men '' either , as Brooks ' style of comedy is droll and low-key , so he needed some livilier or wackier sidekicks . He also hires an attractive young Indian woman to be his assistant . She has a red dot on her forehead , identifying her as a Hindu . Brooks interacts with surprisingly few Muslims , despite the film 's title.The running joke of the film is that the people of India do n't get Brooks ' style of humor . In one of the longest scenes , he does a stand-up routine in front of a packed auditorium . There is scarcely a chuckle throughout the performance as Brooks vainly tries various jokes , improvisations and even a ventriloquist routine . Watching this film , I felt like a member of this Indian audience , not getting it . It would be fine for the film not to be laugh-out-loud funny if it were insightful about cultural differences or about the psychology of a comic . But it does n't come close to reaching these depths . He makes a joke about Halloween , an American holiday . When no one laughs , it is n't funny to watch . It is n't even sad or moving ; you just wonder how anyone could be so clueless as to not realize the mistake . There is not much tension in the movie , aside from the scene were Brooks illegally crosses into Pakistan and meets some aspiring comics who do n't speak English . When the translator repeats the same jokes that flopped in front of the Indian audience , the Pakistanis think they are hilarious . There is no explanation for this . There is a mildly amusing subplot that has the Indian and Pakistani governments thinking Brooks is a spy , but this , by being the funniest thing in the film , actually calls attention to how weak the main story is.Because of the international incident Brooks inadvertently causes , he is sent home early . He kisses his wife and daughter and the movie is over , the audience left to wonder what it was all supposed to mean . This movie vaguely reminded me of another film , Lost In Translation -LRB- which I know many people liked more than I did -RRB- . In both of these films , I had the feeling you were supposed to find people from non-Western cultures amusing simply because they are n't Americans . I think writers of comedy need to give us a little more than that .
 This movie was like a long boring television show . I wish that I would have stopped watching it after the first 4 boring scenes , and spent an hour meditating . After the first four scenes , I checked the reviews to see if I should continue , but I had to see where was all this humor that the other people loved . There were a couple of scenes that made me smile , but I did not laugh at all.If you watch this movie , watch it on a Monday night and not a Saturday night . Or better yet , meditate instead .
 I know you have heart and you meant well , but I just have to warn anyone who watches this movie and does not find it funny within the first 10 minutes , that it will NOT pick up . Better to give up than to go another one hour and 38 minutes marveling at how terrible this movie is . As another reviewer noted , it 's not even `` good-bad . '' It 's just really ... bad . The jokes are slow , simplistic , and stereotypical ; I was actually cringing at times.On the other hand , if you truly like this movie within the first few minutes , then you will certainly enjoy it ; as the saying goes , `` To each his own . '' For my part , however , I read the five-star reviews , and I am still mystified.Again , I am very sorry to give this film such a poor review . On the other hand , after paying for it and spending the best part of my evening sitting through it , I feel duty-bound to warn others!I should add one bright note , though
 I 've liked almost everything that Brooks has done , and I still consider Modern Romance to be a masterpiece . Real Life and Lost In America had moments that had me on the floor laughing . Defending Your Life and Mom were both funny and touching and showed Brooks maturing as a filmmaker . With The Muse , though there were moments , he took a giant step backwards , and The Muse seemed more like a one-note sitcom premise than a film . With The Muse I feared that Brooks may now be surrounded with yes people who tell him how great he is , and how everything he does is funny no matter what.With Looking For Comedy In The Muslim World , this fear is realized . Brooks has now taken to re-hashing his old bits , and he does n't do them as well today . At the same time , today 's Albert seems so tired and there is no energy whatsoever . Maybe he 's trying to be the new Bob Newhart , but that 's not his strength . I was dying for some character to show up that Albert could confront like his agent in The Muse , but alas , the best we get in this film is Albert acting really annoyed . His brother `` Super Dave Osborne '' has shown more emotion lately , and that is not a good sign.Many jokes in the first half of the film work , but by the time we get to the Pakistan part in the second half you have already given up because there are n't enough of them . And what could have been brilliant -LRB- with Brooks accidentally starting a war -RRB- instead goes nowhere , and I guess the end moral of the story is people will find anything funny if they 're on dope . Gee , what insight Albert . I think I already knew that.Roger Ebert -LRB- who is in poor health and who we all hope gets better and returns to TV soon -RRB- actually took the time to see this disaster and gave it three out of four stars . In his review , and in sticking up for Albert , he attempted to explain some of the jokes in the film . Unfortunately , as we all know , if you have to explain a joke , it just is n't funny , and that ultimately is the problem with this film.There 's even a part in the film -LRB- one of the characters in the film is supposedly a big fan of his -RRB- where one of his fans is trying to help Albert but Albert does n't want to be bothered . -LRB- Perhaps an homage to Stardust Memories by Woody Allen , or maybe Brooks does n't want to discuss other comedians who are still alive as he mentions in the film . -RRB- Plus , something that is never fully explored is , are we watching Albert , or Albert as he thinks the audience sees him , or Albert doing a caricature of himself?Here 's hoping that Albert returns to his brilliant self soon and is willing to listen to some criticism instead of his Hollywood `` yes '' friends . There 's a reason films are released in January as this one was , and it is n't a good one.Two stars for the few times I laughed during the first half of the film .
 I think this movie was funnier when Woody Allen did it ... and called it `` Bananas . '' But frankly , what could have been a really interesting premise dulls itself by relying on smugness and a puzzlingly stunning refusal to go broader . I am not saying that this should have been `` Talladega Nights , '' but someone should have warned Brooks that repeating the same shtick for close to two hours gets tired . In fact , if you 're going to be an `` Ugly American , '' at least inject some enthusiasm into the irony . The only actor in `` Muslim World '' who seemed to want to play anything beyond wooden was Sheetal Sheth , who plays the cheery assistant Maya , who unflappably supports Brooks even as he bombs comedic.After that , situations fizzle , flop like fish or just should n't have been developed in the first place . Having Brooks ' office near a call center was a clever joke ... ONCE . After the third repetition if comes off as bad Saturday Night Live material . Same with the anti-Semitic snips . Yes , Albert , you 're Jewish . Good for you . Bad for Al-Jezeera . Next ? Frankly , there 's an early scene where all the government officials gather round Fred Dalton Thompson -LRB- playing direct to type as a conservative blow-hard -RRB- , chuckling smugly to themselves as Brooks has the mission laid out . These folks seem to be the kind of insular clods that `` Muslim World '' is directed towards . But for me , self-righteously feeling superior by pretending to think this desert-dry un-comedic comedy is five star material does n't make you culturally adept . It just makes you another false intellectual , no less of a culture snob than the boobs who lap up Larry The Cable Guy .
 Albert Brooks is sent by the US government to India on a mission to find out what makes muslims laugh . Why India ? Yes there 's a lot of muslims there but most of the people Brooks meet seems to be Hindus . No matter what they are they do n't think he 's funny . And he is n't . Not in this movie.Initially , most of the jokes are based on how badly planned his trip was . He gets to fly business class instead of first class . Nobody comes to pick him up at the airport so he has to take a cab . His office is small and has no computer , etc. . Funny ? After that , there is a slightly amusing scene where he has a conversation with his secretary , Maya , and they do n't know when the other is joking or not . `` Was that a joke ? '' . According to his plans , he was supposed to go to Pakistan , but he does n't get a visa , so he has to cross the border illegally in order to spend a couple of hours there with some would be comedians . This makes Indian and Pakistani intelligence agents suspicious , and there 's almost a political conflict . Brooks realises he has failed and goes is sent back to the US . The End . His wife , unaware of his failure , thinks he 's a big hero . The political subplot about the conflict Brooks almost caused , is tied up by means of on-screen text before the closing credits . The main plot also goes nowhere . I 'm not sure what Brooks tried to do with this movie . It 's not laugh-out-loud funny , and it does n't work as a dark comedy nor as a satire . Unfortunately , with this movie , real-life Brooks ends up like on-screen Brooks
 I 've long been an Albert Brooks fan , when he 's `` on '' , he 's sooo good . But I waited and waited to laugh while watching this `` comedy . It just did n't work . Decent premise , but something was lacking . Flat . I loved Modern Romance , parts of Defending Your Life , Mom , The Muse , Real Life , the perspiration scene in Broadcast News , and I was moved by his acting in My Mister . But The Scout and the Inlaws were n't worthy of him . And that certainly was the case in this film.And let 's not forget the intro of The Twilight Zone remake ... I loved that.Modern Romance is one of my all time favorite movies . I felt absolutely no chemistry between Brooks the protagonist and the wife and child in this movie . None . Pass on this film .
 This movie missed the mark in many ways . Tedious jokes were repeated ad-nauseaum -- we get it that a 500 page report means a lot of writing , must we be reminded of it 15 times during the film ? The call-center gag was overused too . On the other hand , this movie missed exploiting some comic possibilities . US government incompetence for one . They have to fly coach to India , are not met at the airport -LRB- Brooks ' outrage at having to take a taxi to his hotel is somewhat puzzling -RRB- the US gov ' t flubs getting their VISAs for Pakistan as well . With more subtle handling and development of this theme , the movie could have been funnier . The most entertaining scenes are those in which Brooks interacts with Indians . There could have been more of these and less of Brooks ' whining . Also , the notion that an international incident between India and Pakistan is sparked because of Brooks is somewhat demeaning to the governments of both those countries . Are we supposed to believe that their military intelligence is that incompetent ? Not every country has the CIA .
 I 'm going to be completely honest here , just lay all my cards on the table . I think Albert Brooks is one very funny guy . I 've seen all of his movies and I laugh and laugh at all of them , even the one 's the public goes against such as `` The Muse '' . So when I heard about this film , lets just say my hopes were pretty high . `` Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World '' has a pretty good idea behind it but the execution is a bit off . The U.S. government has decided that their `` war on terror '' is n't really working . A new approach is needed . The government has decided they really do n't know anything about the muslim world . And you ca n't fight a war if you do n't understand your enemy . So , in an attempt to get inside the muslim world 's mind , they have decided the best way to do this is to understand what makes muslim 's laughs . If the United States can understand that , then they will understand the muslim people.After trying out a few comedians , a letter is sent to Albert Brooks -LRB- who plays himself in the film -RRB- asking him if he would like to head this committee.The situation is ripe for satire . Brooks could poke fun at the U.S. government , at bureaucracy in general , the cultural differences between the West and the Muslim world and list is endless for the potential a film such as this could have . But , somehow , somewhere along the way the first loses its nerve and does n't fully engaged itself in the material.What I mean by that is mostly , the film simply falls flat . The jokes are n't funny , the situation becomes boring.The government sends Brooks to India and Pakistan , and while in India Brooks goes around as a sort of `` man on the street '' reporter asking various people what makes them laugh . But his approaches to finding this out are repetetive at best because the street approach is his only approach.What if he watched Bollywood movies ? Found out about muslim comics?Joining Brooks on his journey are two government officials ; Stewart -LRB- John Carroll Lynch -RRB- a wan na comic whom learns the secret rule among comics from Brooks , and Mark -LRB- John Tenney -RRB- a so-called ladies man who is constantly on the phone.Also with Brooks is his secratary , Maya -LRB- played by Sheetal Sheth , who is a new face to me , but , what a face ! I hope we see much , much more of her in the future -RRB- . The tough thing about reviewing a comedy is , it 's hard to be serious in a review because what you really want to do is tell everyone all the funny jokes . But , because there are so few good jokes in the film , I 'd be spoiling the entire movie for you if I did that.This is not to make `` Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World '' a complete dud . Brooks has written a few choice moments . Some scenes are very cleverly written and have comical exchanges that remind us of Brooks ' other films . Remember the famous exchange in `` Lost in America '' concerning the casino giving Brooks back his money ? Nothing in this film really reaches that , but , Brooks is trying here and there.Albert Brooks will be back again , I 'm sure , but how disaapointing the film could n't reach its potential . One thing to consider is Brooks wrote and directed the film by himself . Brooks usually collaborates with Monica Johnson , they have written `` The Muse '' , `` Defending Your Life '' and `` Lost in America '' together . So their track record is pretty good . Brooks seems to need to work with someone . He needs someone to feed ideas to and give him input . Perhaps instead of trying to find out what makes muslims laugh he should have found out what makes Americans laugh first.Bottom-line
 Never have I seen a more polarized set of reviews . It 's either one or five stars for this movie . The question is , how many friends and relatives can Albert Brooks press into service for those inexplicable five star ratings?The one star reviews state their position quite clearly
 Did Albert Brooks forget everything he ever knew about comedy ? Or drama , for that matter ? I think I got arthritis from watching this , that 's how painful it was to watch . My joints started swelling and throbbing with each terrible awkward not-funny moment which was definitely meant to make us laugh . The title is misleading as there is only a very small part in it where he interacts with Muslims -LRB- happens to be the one funny scene -RRB- , most of the film takes place in Hindu India , but that 's the least of its problems . All in all it 's one unfocused mess.The direction , by Brooks , is terrible ; scenes go on just that one second too long ending up with Brooks making Brooks look terrible , lost , gasping like a fish on a dock . Even when we are supposed to see that these jokes are awful , the rule remains
 This movie was not funny at all . It was slow and plodding , and we were waiting the entire movie for some comedy . We were sorely disappointed . I 'm not saying it was not funny because it contained some un-PC jokes ; it did n't . I 'm saying it was not funny beacuse it simply had no jokes or humor in it at all . And for all the `` dry humor '' I heard critics speaking of , I found none . It simply did not work , and we only continued watching because we had already wasted so much time on it , and thought it could only improve - we were mistaken.The movie is also very much mis-titled . It should be `` Looking for Comedy in India '' . Yes , they make some half-hearted explanation that India has some several million Muslims , but that still does not make it `` the Muslim world '' . Or they should have named it `` How to bore the Muslim World into Submission '' .
 I do n't know where anyone got the idea this movie was a comedy . I have always been under the illusion comedies should be funny , but maybe I 'm wrong . This is one of those movies where it 's not funny , and it 's not funny - and you 're waiting - and it 's still not funny - and you 're thinking - okay , this boring hour has been a very clever set-up to something hilarious and then - it 's still not funny - and then you ca n't believe it 's over . That - THAT - was a comedy?It does n't help that Brooks is not - at least as far as I can tell - a very funny person . No - let me rephrase that - he is definitely not a funny person . Apparently , in real life he is supposed to actually BE a comedian - not just play one in the movie . In the context of the movie plot you 're thinking - no way this guy ever made a nickle being a comedian . Even in the plot of the movie everyone is telling him how bad he is!He did n't bring much of a character to the screen at all . I do n't think he had more than one facial expression the whole movie long . Had the writing been clever , his deadpan persona might have been tweeked into something funny , but it never happened . Or if they had surrounded him with characters that showed him in a funny light it might have worked , but that did n't happen either . Perhaps the problem was that he was writing for himself . Maybe he is completely different live , if he does live shows.I ca n't remember a `` comedy '' that I thought was as boring as this . If you want to watch it - be my guest - but do n't say you were n't warned .
 I was hoping to find some humor in the movie . . in the Muslim world , in India , anywhere , but there was none . Not even cutesy scenes or double entendres . No jokes , no lighthearted tales , nothing . This must be one of the most humorless , stupid movies I ever saw . I kept waiting for something to happen because I thought that the movie could n't be THAT bad , but it was.My reaction was embarrassment more than anything else . I felt embarrassed just watching the thing , and I will try to avoid anything else that Albert Brooks appears in . . how could he have the wherewithal to participate in this junk . Sitting through this was a complete waste of time .
 For those of us who grew up appreciating the comic genius of Albert Brooks in such classics as `` Defending Your Life '' and `` Lost in America '' , this film will be painful to watch . Brooks has frequently used his personal neuroses in self-deprecating ways as material for funny stories -LRB- for example , his jealousy in `` Modern Romance '' , his writers-block in `` The Muse '' -RRB- , but here , he has taken it too far , in portraying himself as a comic that ca n't get a laugh.Brooks plays himself as a has-been comic star who no one seems to remember or respect . He 's humiliated in job interviews for parts and ca n't find work until a special U.S. government commission asks him to travel to India and Pakistan to discover what makes people laugh in the Muslim world , and to write a 500 page report about it . Here , Brooks is taking a swipe at our government 's ham-handed approach to dealing with the Muslim world , but he is also saying something dark and sad about what happens to aging comics
 What in the hell was this ? We sat through it , wondering if even a single joke would appear . It did n't . Written by Albert Brooks . Produced by Albert Brooks . Starring Albert Brooks . I sincerely hope Albert Brooks had a good time , because nobody else did.I will be very generous here , and hope he had a point , and that it was that of the oblivious American traveller . He goes to India , which is n't Muslim , and manages to find an alternate reality version of the place so sanitized and Americanized that he could 've easily filmed the entire movie on the studio back lot in Hollywood . But if that 's the joke , it misfired horribly . If that 's not the joke , then my opinion of Albert Brooks must go way down.I really do n't want to jump on a `` I 've lived in Asia since 1999 '' high horse . I just want to say the movie sucks and do n't waste your time , so I can go type more words about a more worthy film . And really , all films are more worthy . This is bad .
 Let me say that I can deal with slow movies . I like movies that are slow . I can go for movies in which nothing happens . And it 's not like I 've never seen a comedy movie from a country whose humor is not totally like my country 's . But this movie just did n't go anywhere.There were a few parts of this movie where I thought , `` oh , hey , that 's okay . '' But Brooks , who I 'm not ultimately that familiar with , comes across as a weird , edgy , paranoid guy , who really is n't that funny , performs a pathetically weak comedy act for a bunch of Indians , and is constantly arguing or worrying about random things.I feel like there 's something I did n't get when I watched this movie . Like there was something I had to know for this movie to not be awful .
 There is a great , timely idea at the heart of Albert Brooks ' most recent comedy , but as it turns out , the idea is the most inspired aspect of this 2006 film . As a writer and director , he has been on a gradual artistic decline since his peak , 1985 's `` Lost in America '' , when he effectively skewered the vacuity of materialistic yuppie values in a road-movie format . In this movie , he addresses an interesting topic , whether there is universality to comedy that transcends cultural differences at a time when hostilities have been peaking against Americans in the Middle East . The film starts out well with Brooks , playing himself and struggling to find his next job in Hollywood , is requested by the U.S. government to find out what makes Muslims laugh in India and Pakistan and submit a 500-page report about it.The problem is that the story loses much of its relevant punch by setting most of the action in Delhi instead of a more Muslim-dominated area . While there is some humor in the scene where Brooks interviews for an assistant and a running gag related to outsourcing , the film continues to deflate with his character 's persistent efforts to ask various Indians what makes them laugh and prepares a stand-up concert to test his comic relevance to a local audience . This leads to an overlong performance scene that belabors the point that a comedian needs to develop a rapport with an audience before they will consider laughing.The story meanders quite a bit with tiresome stops at the Pakistani border and the Al-Jazeera network offices , but Brooks is so timid and self-absorbed in his approach that the film starts to induce yawns for its increasingly enervating tone . One intriguing angle is introduced involving suspicions about Brooks from the Indian and Pakistani governments , but the pay-off is minimal . In fact , very little momentum is gained from a number of subplots , including one involving Brooks ' perennially cheery assistant Maya and her jealous Iranian boyfriend . As Maya , Sheetal Sheth provides one of the few bright spots in the film , but her character has little to do other than boost Brooks ' morale . John Carroll Lynch has a few funny moments as a State Department agent who turns out to be a longtime fan of the comedian.The movie does little to enhance the filmmaking reputation of Brooks , who still shows a gift for self-deprecating humor , this time going all the way by playing a fictionalized version of himself . Recalling his video shorts from the first incarnation of `` Saturday Night Live '' back in the seventies , I keep thinking this could have been funnier and far more pertinent as a documentary with Brooks actually doing the research with real Muslims . Given the poor box office reception to the movie , I am not too surprised that the DVD is very skimpy on extras - no commentary track from Brooks or anything that has him explaining the genesis of the film , just four unlabeled deleted scenes -LRB- including a silly gag with a New York cabbie in Delhi -RRB- and the theatrical trailer .
 I just do n't know where to start on this one . I really , really expected something better . I really wanted this to be a good film . And the sad thing is I believe it has a fantastic concept and would have been a fantastic DOCUMENTARY . If you took that title , made a documentary film and properly executed it , it would be an Oscar winner , I promise.Instead , we got this . I chuckled at parts , but I think that 's more because my wife and I have lived in India . I have been the white guy living in that world , been in that position . We had our nostalgia kicks with the film , but I just see a complete lost opportunity.As I said , I 've been in India . My wife and I worked in a boarding school in the Himalayas and supervised a dorm with 30 9th grade boys from all over the world , all different religions and economic backgrounds . I have personally made Muslims laugh many , many times . I 've made Hindus laugh . I 've made Jains laugh . I 've made Buddhists laugh . I 've made Zoroastrians laugh . It 's not impossible . It 's not even all that hard . But it is DIFFERENT.Yes , really , this could have been a spectacular doccumentary . Get a bunch of current commedians , take them over to India , Pakistan , Bangladesh , Afghanistan if you can swing it ... see what happens . Examine comedy from those countries too . It would be fascinating ... as a documentary . But as a fictional story , this movie DIED painfully . A lot of the acting , I felt was lacking . It LOOKED exactly like what it was
 There are a certain number of films released each and every year that aim to be controversial . Some filmmakers such as Michael Moore achieve their goal of becoming rich and famous . Others try and fail to hit their target . And then there are others such as Albert Brooks in the recently released Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World whose arrows land well short of the target altogether.Basically , this movie is about Albert Brooks 's going on a government appointed mission to discover just what makes folks laugh in the Islamic world and finding very little . Accompanying Brooks are 2 idiotic State Department flunkies.For a movie that has `` comedy '' in the title , there is certainly little comedy in Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World . There are some genuinely funny bits such as the Polish eye chart . Another fun moment was the spoof on Indian call centers taking calls for American insurance companies , department stores and even the White House.The movie itself is largely boring and there is very little genuine comedy in it . There are several misfires such as a Jew-hating Indian trying to get the Jewish Brooks to hire him . The movie does attempt to show that the Islamic world is generally humorless and that U.S. State Department programs in the Islamic world are both stupid and poorly run . Brooks spends a lot of time worrying about what to write down in his 500 page report to the State Department . Brooks also conducts a number of interviews with everyday Indians to try to find out what makes Muslims laugh . In any event , since most of the characters in the movie are either Hindus or Sikhs and not Muslims , its pretty evident that Albert Brooks himself is an incompetent.The flick makes very little sense in its implied contention that there is no sense of humor in the Muslim world . The Three Stooges have been well received everywhere . Basically , the film has a counterproductive plot in that someone like Albert Brooks who has no real sense of humor himself is sent on a mission to find out what makes folks in a certain region laugh.Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World is a waste and time and effort , not to mention your time and money .
 The French have a word -- `` platte '' -LRB- you 'll recognize it in words like `` plateau '' and `` platter '' -RRB- -- that means `` flat . '' But when applied to people , the meaning goes further to indicate someone who is irritatingly flat . `` Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World '' -- Albert Brooks 's film about a government-initiated plan to understand Muslims by studying their humor -- fits the French meaning of `` platte '' perfectly . The film shuttles between LA , Washington , New Delhi and Pakistan , but never achieves anything approaching humor or even that feeling of satisfaction at watching the travails of real people . Brooks 's humor is deadpan to the point of being nonexistent . And like too many unsatisfying movies , its best lines are all in the trailer.The centerpiece of the film is Brooks 's arrangement of a comedy night in New Delhi . He wishes to test various bits of humor on an Indian audience to see what works . Unfortunately , not only are his jokes unfunny to the Indians , they are unfunny to American ears as well , making me wonder what the joke was . Throughout the film , people ask the Brooks character whether -LRB- given his utter failure as a comedian in India -RRB- he really was a successful standup comedian in America . It 's almost cringe-worthy to see a comedian highlight his professional failure so starkly . The film makes it clear that whatever propelled his success in the past has left him . The film 's comedic situations are not ludicrous . A supposed joke -- in which his New Delhi office is very `` small '' -- fails completely . The office , while sparse , is a rather spacious , sunlit 2-room suite , with a desk and a leather sofa . It 's an office I would n't mind having.We learn very little about Muslims in the movie , and less about what makes them laugh . `` Looking for Comedy '' is lazy , uninstructive , unfunny and uninteresting . Not even worth a DVD rental .
 Saw this at the Dubai Film Festival . Massive hype surrounding the movie with the director and actors present.I waited for the funny parts but there are none . Problem is that it tryies too hard to make you laugh ... and falls flat.Ironically , Brooks is looking for comedy in the muslim world while shooting it in India !! A country where muslims are a minority !! His brand of humor is not for me .
 Well first I have to say I ` am an Albert Brooks fan for the most part but this movie just had DUD written all over it . The plot about a famous comedian ... alleged famous comedian since the running gag of the movie seems to be that nobody knows about him much less cares tells you right of the bat that this is far from a `` thinking man 's '' comedy as somebody else said . Age did n't matter either in me disliking -LRB- I ` am over the teenybopper age a long , long time ago -RRB- . First the film drags on and on with unfunny jokes . Why would the government trying to soften relations with Middle East send Albert Brooks why not Jay Leno or Conan O'Brien , oh well . Like somebody else the stereotypical jokes -LRB- like the Call Center well all the technical computer questions in American are received by Outsourced Pakistans -RRB- gets old quick.Even this side story -LRB- which I guess was supposed to be romantic -RRB- with Albert and his assistant Maya I think her name is was n't really explored though hinted at many times -LRB- like her boyfriend is really jealous at her spending so much time with Albert -RRB- . The jokes Albert throws at this Muslim/Pakistan are lame , very lame . Besides the character he plays looks utterly desperate in just compiling an audience to begin with . I guess this was supposed to be funny how an alleged famous comedian ca n't even get enough seats to fill a gymnasium but it just was n't funny . Deadpan humor/Dry humor whatever you want to call it is n't always funny and this movie is living proof of that.It 's just a sad , bad movie . I would n't even call it `` it 's so bad it 's good '' movie it just really had nothing special going for it and you 'd have to pay me to watch this again . It 's gotten a 5.4 rating on IMDB which pretty much is borderline average to mediocre which is about right . Again I like Albert but this is n't his best effort not by any stretch of the imagination . It probably might his worst movie to date .
 This movie looked a lot like bootleg . The picture quality is poor , and it is definitely not formatted to fit a TV screen .
 DO NOT BUY THIS VERSION OF THIS DVD.THE PICTURE QUALITY IS WORSE THAN A WORN OUT OLD VIDEO TAPE.HOW ON EARTH DID THE DISTIBUTOR OF THIS DVD GET AWAY WITH IT.I KNOW ITS CHEAP BUT FOR GOD SAKE !! I WANT TO GIVE THIS NO STRARS BUT THAT OPTION IS NOT AVAILABLE
 It 's the 88 minute version . Yeah , it 's a `` slow '' film but I always wonder what was `` cut '' -- and I still do n't know !
 This film was very watchable when first released but ... if I had to make a guess , this presentation from Alpha Home Entertainment is a VHS tape copy of a VHS tape copy finally transferred to DVD . The detail is almost gone which ruins the tantalizing scenes featuring Miss Page . It also ruins the excellent wild animal footage included in the film.Only very serious collectors of pre-code films should bother with this one . Only someone who works for Alpha or Amazon.com would give this item 5 stars . Be careful what you read .
 After watching Clueless and falling for the looks of Alicia Silverstone , I thought I 'd try out some of her other stuff . I have to say that as much as I like her , the film was pretty bad . The storyline was terrible and the acting was pretty poor . I only recommend watching this to get a look at Alicia , but if you want a good movie , go elsewhere .
 I love Alicia Silverstone but this movie was a little boring and too sexual not entertaing or funny I did n't understand why everyone on the movie wanted to sleep with her !
 I bought this movie because of Alicia , and because she is in it , I like it , though the movie is n't all that good .
 i was at first excited to see the movie because it looked semi-promising , but i absolutely hated it . i do n't dislike alicia , but i 'm not a big fan of her and she had absolutely no personality in this movie whatsoever . i know what the director was trying for , and they did not accomplish it at all . there was no background , no plot , and too much of a depressing setting . the thing that annoys me is it could have been good and the idea behind it was good , but the carry-out totally missed the target . the ending was not built up enough , and there was no reason for what happened . it also never explained why alicia did n't want to see her b/f -LRB- the football kid with the glasses -RRB- or why she was mad at him , which was an ridiculously underdeveloped side plot . no offense to any fans of it , but i do not recommend this movie at all , unless you like underdeveloped themes and characters , or unless you are a HARDCORE alicia fan -LRB- which i am not , so it made the movie that much worse -RRB- .
 Watching this movie is similar to reading a term paper with no thesis statement . After the ending , you begin to understand what the writers were -LRB- maybe -RRB- trying to accomplish , but choppy editing throughout the movie only makes the viewer think that the several fantasy sequences revolving around Silverstone 's character are only planted in the film to obscure the writers lack of imagination with regard to character development.In retrospect , the Babysitter -LRB- Silverstone -RRB- is supposed to be like Helen of Troy . Men will risk thier families , jobs and freedom to sleep with her . Among the people who want Alicia are her ex -LRB- ? -RRB- boyfriend and a manipulative wanna-be-a-gangster suburban rich boy , who drunkenly conspire a plan to spy on her . The manipulative rich kid dupes the ex into breaking and entering the house where Silverstone is babysitting then tries to rape her . Nuff said about the plot.Two things make the plot unbelievable . First of all , Silverstone , taken as THE sole motive for a host of fantasies -LRB- some related and some utterly unrelated to the ending -RRB- and a rape attempt is not buyable . In reality , Silvertone is no Helen of Troy , but yet another link of good-looking hollywood sausage . More importantly , in the movie , her character is unexciting , bland and -LRB- ahem -RRB- clueless.Secondly , the antagonist rich hood 's rape attempt is paradoxical . He has sense enough to manipulate the Babysitter 's boyfriend like an expert -LRB- a la Cruel Intentions -RRB- , yet the during the last scene of the movie he smashes lamps on peoples heads and tries to rape Alicia in front of 2 small children . Any criminologist could tell you that most psychotics are usually not silver-tounged manipulators and vice versa.On a final note , the writers could have used some of the time they spent on the fantasy sequences to develop the characters ' backgrounds and motives . At least then the film might not have been such a pile of garbage .
 This is the worst movie in movie history . It has no point and no clue . Just a complete waste of time and money . Shame on whoever came up with this movie idea . They are totally clueless .
 I 'm sorry , but I seen the movie and it sucked ! It was pretty grose when the guys were all fantasizng about the baby sitter -LRB- alicia silverstone -RRB- , and the mom was fantasizing about some other guy . And also the ending was pointless . I do n't reccomend anyone to watch this one , unless if you like sick movies like that . END
 Wow , what can I say ... I have n't seen anything this stupid and boring in a long time . I do n't think I should write my opinion here because I did n't finish wathing the movie . I only watched half of it and then I just wanted to kill myself ! What was the point of making this movie ? It 's category was `` suspence '' -LRB- yes it was , I JUST watched in on TV -RRB- , even though it should be more something like `` stupid teen comedy without a plot '' . I mean seariously , all the men who saw `` the sitter '' were driveling after her , having fatasies of her ALL THE TIME . What waste of time ! And in real life , what babysitter would take baths in someone else 's house when she is there to look after the kids , even when they are in bed ?! -LRB- I know it doens ' t happen , I have been a babysitter many times bafore . I have also been an au pair AND a nanny -RRB- ! And after 20 minutes the 2 guys had been hunging outside the house to spy on `` the sitter '' , I started complaining to my husband how boring and slow this movie is . He said `` well do n't watch it '' . And then I did n't .
 Ok so I rented this movie . At first it was like ok now whats going to happen . But this is not a video for children because I was only ten when I saw this . There is so much sexual things in the movie not only is it a stupid plot but the movie really does n't make sense . You are waiting for someone to get killed but the only thing that happens is the girls ex boyfriend gets run over then he was fine . I really did n't like and I do n't think many others will only if you reallly like Alicia Silverstone . She is one of my number one idols but in this movie she really did n't have an act . I hope you understand the movie more .
 I ca n't even begin to tell anyone NOT to waste your money on renting this movie . I bought it because I enjoy Alicia Silverstone , but after seeing this movie ... I have to wonder.Plot was beyond stupid , the fantasy scenerios that they play throughout the movie was soooo irrating . Every Male in the city WANTS `` The Babysitter '' and every person in this movie periodically go off into their own Fantasy world , which does not help the process or flow of the storyline.They really could have made this into a better flick without the two boyfriends , the drunken couple and `` The Babysitter '' -LRB- who it seemed to me forgot how to act -RRB- By the time the film was over I was so utterly frustrated that I had spent money on this one , that even the ending was the best part ... . IT WAS OVER
 i was at first excited to see the movie because it looked semi-promising , but i absolutely hated it . i do n't dislike alicia , but i 'm not a big fan of her and she had absolutely no personality in this movie whatsoever . i know what the director was trying for , and they did not accomplish it at all . there was no background , no plot , and too much of a depressing setting . the thing that annoys me is it could have been good and the idea behind it was good , but the carry-out totally missed the target . the ending was not built up enough , and there was no reason for what happened . it also never explained why alicia did n't want to see her b/f -LRB- the football kid with the glasses -RRB- or why she was mad at him , which was an ridiculously underdeveloped side plot . no offense to any fans of it , but i do not recommend this movie at all , unless you like underdeveloped themes and characters , or unless you are a HARDCORE alicia fan -LRB- which i am not , so it made the movie that much worse -RRB- .
 Ok , lets face it
 A very interesting idea . A babysitter who is so attractive that she influences erotic fantasies in everyone she meets . But when the daydreams turn into nightmares at the expense of a life , the party 's over . Good execution of a good idea is spoiled by the music . The score is just so utterly innopropriate for a movie like this , that is drags the whole thing down to pit level . And Silverstone 's character also metamorphesizes in the end , doing a complete 160 degree that no one was expecting . The moral
 Alicia in a see through skirt wearing boots is the only reason why I watched the stupid picture . What a body . Reminds me of Eleana Dokic the tennis player from Yugo only 19 bur with a slammin rearend !
 Every movie has it 's strengths and its weaknesses , whether it be the plot , special effects etc. in this film we have a semi - interesting plot about a young babysitter named Jennifer -LRB- played by Alicia Silverstone -RRB- she begins her day by going to school and of course end 's it by babysitting at night . That is pretty much the initial plot ; the rest is bunch of fantasies from different men who want to be with her . As mentioned earlier every movie has its strength and weakens and in this case it 's weakness is plot development . The story never really reaches its point it just simply jumps from a scenario in which Jennifer is babysitting and answering calls to ludicrous dream world where her seductive look captivates them . Sure enough the movie does have some good moments such as the baby sitter 's boyfriend being convinced by a wrong source that she is cheating on him . This of course leads him to investigate and stock our fellow protagonist `` the babysitter '' . But ultimately the good moments are once again ruined by the painfully boring and simply stupid fantasy scenes . i only recommend it if you 're a fan of Alicia Silverstone 's work other than that pass it.MY PERSONAL RATING
 There 's really not much to the plot in this one , but that dose n't really matter cause Alicia 's the main attraction . The acting is bland and uninspired , but that 's irrelevant , Alicia is the star here . Basically , what i 'm saying is - for true fans of Alicia Silverstone , this is a great movie ; for the rest of you , do n't bother with it .
 This show is nothing really new but the twist on it got a lot of peoples attention and I can see how it got ratings , but the naked truth about it is that it has no lasting value . It grew old very quickly and once you 've seen a couple of episodes , you see nothing new in the next ones and decide to channel surf and tune back in later after the jobs done to get a glance at what stupid things they did to the car.I mean some of the stuff was ridiculous what they did ... like for example putting TV screens UNDERNEATH the car ? Now , seriously , think about it , how many times in your life have you been underneath your car and thought `` Gee , I wish I had some LCD screens under here '' and then what do you do when you have them ? `` Hi , it 's me , wan na come lay underneath my car and watch a movie with me ? '' and you 'd have to lay in your garage to be safe , ` cause if you did it out on the street and a car crashes in to you or does n't see you and runs your feet over or anything , well , that would lead into a nice spin off called , `` pimp my wheelchair '' . It might be somehow entertaining for the audience watching on TV but when you really think about it , it 's just stupid and grows old really fast ... when they show the group sitting around the table like they had a mission to do that if they did n't get it done right the world would explode , I could n't help but yawn and reach for the remote.I dunno , I may be wrong , but I just see no replay value in the show , once you 've seen a couple of episodes then you 've seen them all and it grows really boring .
 Pimp My Ride in a nutshell
 The show is basically always the same . Oh wait , thats the point . How do we know some kid doesnt go to a junkyard , buy a $ 100 piece of crap , makes a video , and get it remade on this show ? Xzbit is just anther rapper who doesnt make it in the buisness , thanks to it being over crowded with lesser talent . Its kind of stupid to think , the car just sitting alone in the drive way , a camera crew on a street that is not busy , surrounded by houses , no one around , as Xzbit looks at your car . Where is the person ? standing in there house ? The show is preplanned , and the reactions are just faked abit . I know im over doing this , but if you had your car pimped like they do - think of how much it would cost to insure the car . The payment would sky rocket , and people who have it redone are poor it seems .
 This deserves DVD treatment ? First of all , I object to the term `` pimp '' being used as a verb . It 's just not right . Some of what they do with the cars is amazing ... but I wonder why they do n't just get better cars to work with . If you rebuild an old piece of junk , you could get problems down the road . For all it must cost to redo the cars , they may as well just buy new ones -LRB- I suspect they do anyway , as some of the `` improvements '' are too hard to believe -RRB- . I miss the days when MTV played music videos .
 This show kind of gets on my nerves because first of all I think Mtv is the worst channel on TV now . Second , I think it 's unfair that if you 're a burn out in California that ca n't take care of your car Mtv comes and fixes up your car for free . If these kids had some real gumption like I do , they pimp their own rides like the Nook did . I already had a really cool car by driving my 1984 Renault Alliance with a leather top but I figured as pimp as I am I needed to upgrade . Boy did I ! I pimped my own ride . I took the top off the Renault and put redid it but gave myself six more feet of headroom . It looked like a little condo on wheels . I then put a 42 '' inch flat screen tv behind the driver 's seat with Sanyo surround sound . It plays nothing but porn . Some would say it leaves only 4 inches of seating room in the back , but the fact it 's porn makes it totally worth it . There was no room for speakers so those are mounted on the side of the car facing into the back seat . I also put an atari 2600 with purple joysticks . You roll with Combat or Missile command , it does n't get more pimp than that . I put John Deere combine tires with 58 '' platinum rims . I rollin dawg . You think I 'm done ? Nope , I also installed a weber grill under the hood that cooks steaks while you drive . I installed a system with a tv camers under the hood that lets you check on your steaks . If they 're done I installed a conveyor system under the car that puts the steaks in the trunk where I have robotic arms that put A-1 on your steak and a buttered baked potato . After that , Trastor the robot emerges from your truck with your meal and comes in through the special trap door in the ceiling to serve you your dinner . My radio is wired with a computerized knife and fork that feed you while you drive . Does it get more pimp than steak and porn ? I think not .
 good film but the quality was horrible . film was bad with the pixelation . I actually wanted to buy the film because i 'm a designer , but did n't have that option .
 I do n't know why this film got so many positive reviews . Other than Giancarlo Esposito 's excellent portrayal of Sherry 's parole officer , this movie has little to offer.Sherry fresh out of prison for stealing to buy drugs , is willing to have sex with anyone whether it is a man giving her a job or her rooming house supervisor . I found several of these scene distasteful . Meanwhile Sherry is trying to reconcile with her daughter after being away in prison . Her daughter is now living with Maggies brother and his wife . This is the only redeeming aspect of the movie and the only reason why I gave it any stars at all .
 what to do w an actress who can barely act ?? -- shoot her from behind !!!! since there isnt much of anything going on on her face or in her eyes -- the filmmakers had to resort apparently to shooting the film this way -- check it out for yerself -- throughout most of the film scenes are shot this way-we see her hair -- not her eyes -- not her face why - because nothings going on w this actress -- shes cute shes sexy - so we see her nude -- shot upon shot of her cleavage -- her legs -- ok -- but no acting !! -- the film is boring when shes in scenes -- every one else in the movie is very believable -- esp compared to her - glueinhall acts generalities -- neglects to create a character -- shes one of these so called actresses who is just a hottie that tasteless producer directors who also have minimal talent -LRB- ? -RRB- want to work w -- you wont ever see this gluein hall in anything substantial -- you will never see her create a character -- she can act natural enough in front of a camera - shes only slightly self conscious -- a lot of actors of this generation think acting is just acting natural -- because they are not capable of anything more -- furthermore-this is a movie w no real plot -- the prurient meaningless sex may keep the eyes of the dullards who expect nothing out of a movie interested i guess -- nothing real or creative goes on here - another emporers new clothes -- an embarassing paucity of riches here - the scene where glue in hall sings off key at the dinner table -- supposed to be poignant telling -- its just annoying -- when she slams the door at the end of that scene -- its a rich example of this actress who can curse and slam a door -- but w no character having been created -- its just meaningless -- the reason why we have never seen betty davis meryl streep hepburn -- or other actresses nude is not only because of standards imposed by themor others -- its because they were too busy acting & creating a character involved in compelling stories -- and want that shown !! brando said the key to film acting is not blinking -- the eyes are the windows to the soul ! in a better movie for example nicholson and ann margaret lets say -- these were compelling characters first -- not just hot bodies -- another great nicholoson movie where hes got an actress around his waist -- doing it and banging into walls -- etc -- that was compelling !! but this nonsense is disgusting not because of the gratuitous sex -- but because of whats missing besides the sex and prurience -- its shocking to see the characters father molest her as she cries in his arms-its mildly interesting watching a bad actresss doing drugs and all the other pathetic things going on here -- but we have little sympathy for her -- due to her not makling the character real enough -- stars usually insist on their being shot from the front in scenes -- so we can see their work !!!!!!!!! she had no work to show so we see her eyes -- blank and dead anyway -- for only fleeting moments -- in a movie where shes in almost every scene !! i know a druggies eyes are supposed to look dead sometimes i guess -- but an actress playing her has to give more to keep us interested -- theres a new surreal tv show on now -- where we see real drug addicts acting badly -- and the last one i saw -- a young girl - obv on drugs -- was so much more compelling to watch than poor maggie here -- if maggie was doing any realwork here wouldnt the myriad scenes w her have been shot so we could see her eys and face ! and one more thing -- i learned in college -- that drama involves a character changing somehow -- since this character stays the same throughout -- theres no real drama going on anyway -- we see her more clearly in each scene as the spoiled screwed up white trash sexually abused mess she was in the first scene -- supposed to see it anyway -- mediocre movie -- acted better by everyone but the lead -- sad indeed !
 Plot was never established , so the entire flow of the movie , as the viewer I felt was `` in constant waiting '' for it to start.Acting was excellent!The script and the flow definitely was lacking.Subject matter is important to address and the movie made good points , but again , certainly lacked in content.I would have liked to have known it was as sexually graphic as it is.As the movie was difficult to follow , I am left with many questions ... too many . I realize the ending was left with a lot of unknowns which enables the characters to portray reality and truth , but this movie left the viewer with too many unanswered questions to qualify as a good movie or as a movie period .
 story 's not very interesting ... character development very mediocre ... not sure what 's the purpose of this movie
 After seeing this movie uncut on cable , while I am a big fan of Maggie , and while her performance is second to none , overall , this is one of her films I 'd rather not see a second time , so I could n't honestly advise anyone to buy this DVD without checking it out first . It 's a film I 'm glad I saw at least once since I am a Maggie fan , but it is really a totally depressing experience on a number of levels throughout , the script needed major rewrites , especially as to believability issues , the ending is all wrong and contradicts the whole movie , and there really was no call to more or less exploit Maggie 's beauty here in needlessly graphic sexual encounters and nudity , in way too many such scenes . She agreed to such to make the film , I suppose , so who am I to judge ? Still , her acting talents are enough to do without the `` soft-porn '' and those several segments only detract from the viewer 's finding of some empathy and understanding of her character.The movie , one of many Gyllenhaal has been in these days , is compelling enough to sway one from fast forwarding , but aside from the excessive nudity/sex , there are just too many negatives here for me to imagine anyone actually wanting to repeatedly watch this , let alone buy the DVD which has few extras and seems not to have even put in closed-captions , which is unacceptable in these days.Gyllenhaal 's character is interesting , but it 's never really background , explained enough with her story starting somewhere in the middle and never really explores the roots of same , except for too subtle and brief references throughout the film , none of which add much to the overall experience . There are too many unanswered questions all along the way , which could 've been easily incorporated into the mix with perhaps some flashback sequences , or at the very least , more exposition which would make our understanding and sympathy for who we 're apparently supposed to be pulling for , Sherrybaby , much more rewarding . An off-screen narration could 've easily solved this problem as well , but such is nowhere to be found.On one hand , we are asked to identify with Sherry , and her state of mind , but her behavior contradicts her deepest held wishes , and there are just too many unbelievable characters and situations surrounding her , to make the whole into something the viewer can identify with . Until the very end , which seems tacked on as a shallow `` happy ending '' but which comes out of nowhere -LRB- maybe they ran out of film or the production company out of money to give this a decent finish -RRB- , Sherry is not only not likeable , but is obviously living in some selfish , drug/alcohol fantasyland , which only serves to hurt her young daughter , even moreso than she already has when we meet up with her . While the movie deals with her attempted reconciliation and reconnection with her `` baby , '' aside from the little girl 's equally powerful performance , surrounding characters all seem quite unlikely and undeveloped , and for a film which attempts to be a slice of `` real '' life , perhaps the makers of this should 've spent a little more time developing those `` supporting '' characters . For most , if not all of them , are dealt short shift here in the writing , and eventually detract from the film 's seeming potentials.Hints are given along the way which suggest that Sherry 's childhood and early adult experiences led and lead to her self-destructive nature , but it would 've been nice to see a more believable and detailed explanation . This would 've obviously necessitated less Maggie screen time , and more from her supporting cast , and made less of her amazing performance , but in this case , it is really needed . By the end of this movie , which presented some sort of revelation in Maggie 's character , both inner and behavior-wise , for the good , it felt unrealistic and was most unsatisfying.I ca n't help but to think that this would 've been so much better with at least just a little bit less sex and nudity , and at least just a little bit more of basic character development . The film asks us to identify with Sherrybaby but mostly , she is a mess even after being released from prison for silly drug `` law '' reasons , and her prayerful longing to just reconnect with her most loved thing in life , her daughter , would 've never happened in the real world we live in . Let alone the fictional world this film portrays.Any movie in this genre primarily demands as its first and foremost tenet , that we CARE about the main character we 're SUPPOSED to care about , but Gyllenhaal 's `` Sherry '' never comes close to that . By the film 's soapy , sappy end , that needed quality never really materialized . At least , this viewer did n't care at the finish whether she ever got close to her daughter or not . In fact , all I came away from it with was the feeling that she was an unfit `` mommy '' from giving birth to way beyond the phony ending . All I could empathize with were her psychologically abused daughter , and her brother and his wife , and I would 've liked to see a more `` tough love '' solution , and a restraining order till Sherry ever got her act together.Maggie Gyllenhaal is a great actress , and her performance is superb , but she needs to concentrate more on selecting better material , and quality over quantity in the projects she agrees to in the future . The excessive sex and nudity was also and remains beneath her plain old acting talents at this stage in her career . Her genuine beauty and amazing ability to brilliantly capture the essence of any character she 's ever played , should be enough by now -LRB- and hopefully in the future -RRB- , to garner less exploitive roles , where she does n't seem to need to shed her clothes without necessity , several times in a film , where doing such seems to eventually damage her overall talents and prospects for better films . As well as subtract from the audience 's feeling of empathy and compassion for whatever character she 's playing . Especially such as Sherrybaby.I did n't like `` Sherry '' from beginning to end , and I find it hard to believe anyone would , given the weak material and her character 's past and present abuse of her supposedly loved child . Again , this would 've been a lot better with a lot of rewrites and more careful thought about audience identification as a driving force in overall believability and enjoyment of a film that is just too much of a downer for me to ever recommend actually buying this for anyone except a Maggie Gyllenhaal collector .
 Maggie 's small and droopy boobies are n't anything to write home about and neither is this trite movie .
 Well - the acting was just okay . Not a single character really stood out as memorable . A lot of the scenes seemed forced or almost robotic in nature . The whole flow of the movie was not smooth - more like a jerky roller coaster.I am a fan of Maggie Gyllenhaal 's - and that is why I gave it 2 stars . But this is far from good work . I would really like to have the 96 minutes of my life back I spent watching this .
 Love Maggie in The Secretay , but in SherryBaby -- no , no , no.Do not buy this DVD . Only rent it if you want to be depressed .
 Without doubt Maggie Gyllenhaal gives an outstanding performance as Sherry -LRB- with the title as a take off on the old song , `` Sherry Baby '' ? -RRB- However , I could n't even finish the film after the 5th or 6th gratuitous sex scene . My wife was completely bored since she is not a fan of bleak films or independent films , for that matter.As a great fan of foreign films , Fellini , Bergman , Truffaut , etc. ; I have no problem with slow paced films or steamy sex in moderation but why do they have to do it to the point that it takes away from some fine performances such as the brother , sister-in-law , daughter and the Indian ex-addict who befriends Sherry , all fine performances by strong actors?So they should give Maggie and the other actors awards and send the director and/or editors of this film back to film school !
 I 'm very upset . Just received this DVD and was very surprised to find that it is not the DVD advertised . I bought it for Lavell Crawford and Cedric the Entertainer -- neither of which are on the DVD .
 No , I was n't foolish enough to buy this movie . It was on `` free '' TV , and I forgot to change the channel . So in the backgound I had to endure this stuff.I always wonder
 I have written over 750 Amazon reviews and pride myself on my ability to dissect a film after viewing and give a concise description of why it was good/bad . In the case of `` I Love You , Beth Cooper '' , however , I have to break from my normal pattern to get this point across
 Title says it all . Weak , weak , weak . Plenty of good movies out there to watch ... do n't waste your time on this junk .
 Just another teenage graduation night film ? Or something much better ? `` I Love You , Beth Cooper '' was a film that debuted back in the Summer of 2009 and is based on a 2007 novel by writer Larry Doyle -LRB- `` The Simpsons '' , `` Beavis and Butthead '' -RRB- . With a screenplay adaptation from the novel by Doyle , the film would be directed by Chris Columbus -LRB- `` Mrs. Doubtfire '' , the first two `` Home Alone '' and `` Harry Potter '' films -RRB- , music composed by Christophe Beck -LRB- `` The Pink Panther 2 '' , `` We Are Marshall '' , `` Elektra '' -RRB- and cinematography by Phil Abraham -LRB- `` Mad Men '' , `` The Sopranos '' -RRB- . Larry Doyle has mentioned that his inspiration for the story was films like `` Sixteen Candles '' and `` The Breakfast Club '' and his take on graduation night and the adventures of five teenagers.The film revolves around Denis Cooverman -LRB- played by Paul Rust , `` Semi-Pro '' , `` Inglourious Basterds '' -RRB- , a valedictorian at his high school who is planning to go to college at Stanford University . A smart student , he has his life going for him . But if there was one thing that he regrets , it 's the fact that he has always had a crush on Beth Cooper.He hangs out with his best friend Rich Munsch -LRB- played by Jack Carpenter , `` The Return of Jezebel James '' , `` The Journal '' -RRB- who gives him a pep talk that because it 's graduation day , if he has things to get off his chest , let it out with no regrets . Tell Beth Cooper how he feels and for Denis , this stays in his head but instead of telling her face-to-face , he figured why not tell her on graduation day during his valedictorian speech.As he gives his speech and talks about living life with no regrets , in front of everyone at the graduation , he tells the popular cheerleader Beth Cooper -LRB- played by Hayden Panettiere , `` Heroes '' , `` Shanghai Kiss '' , `` Malcolm in the Middle '' -RRB- that he loves her and how he has always loved her . But somehow along the way , his speech starts to go downhill as he takes a swipe on fellow students such as his his best friend , Rich -LRB- who he tries to give a hint that its time to come out of the closet -RRB- , a swipe at the school bully that has tormented him throughout their school years , a hint to the girls who has an eating disorder , a swipe that men should n't be dating high school students -LRB- a dig at Beth Cooper 's boyfriend Kevin , who is played by Shawn Roberts -RRB- and a dig on a popular but yet shallow student . Of course , no names are being said but high school students start to judge who may be the person Denis is referring to and thus changes the jovial graduation to a graduation full of discomfort and confusion . Needless to say , students who think Denis was talking about them , give him the stare of death after the graduation day.Denis does n't realize the severity of what he has done but for Beth Cooper , she was very much appreciative of what he had to say , although her military boyfriend Kevin is not and really wants to beat Denis up.Fortunately , this causes problems between Beth and Kevin and sure enough , Denis is able to get her to possibly come to party he is hosting at his house.Since Denis and Rich are not exactly popular students and very much are nerds , his parents -LRB- played by Alan Ruck and Cynthia Stevenson -RRB- leave the house for some R&R ; and hope their son has a great party . Of course , during a man-to-man talk with Denis and his father , his father tells him and Rich that if needed , there are condoms in the drawer of his bedroom . Of course , Denis is happy his dad is giving his blessing to get lucky tonight while Rich wonders if the condoms are meant to be used on each other -LRB- furthering Denis 's feelings that his friend is gay -RRB- . So , while the two wonder if anyone is going to come to their party , Beth Cooper and her two popular cheerleading friends Cammy Alcott -LRB- played by Lauren London , `` 90210 ' -RRB- and the bubbly yet not-so-smart Treece -LRB- played by Lauren Storm , `` Flight 29 Down '' , `` The Game Plan '' -RRB- come to the party . With no one else coming , both Denis and Rich try to entertain the ladies but meanwhile , Beth tries to make her ex-boyfriend Kevin jealous by telling him that she 's spending her time with Denis.Next thing you know , Beth 's ex-boyfriend Kevin and two of his military friends go to Denis 's home and so livid that his girlfriend is spending time at Denis 's house , they start trashing the place , while Kevin 's mission is to literally beat up on him.Denis tries to fight and defend himself and of course , it leads to nothing and thus both he and Rich end up escaping the house through the window and falling to the ground . After sustaining some injuries , the two manage to join Beth Cooper and friends on an adventurous graduation night which leads them to bare Beth 's bad driving , buying beer at a convenience store , going to a farm to tip cows , going to a graduation night party where a lot of the high school kids are at and avoiding destruction on the roadway while trying to have a good graduation night and for the most part , to be out of the way of Kevin and his friends.But through the night , Denis who feels that he knows everything about Beth Cooper starts to see a side of her that he has never seen before . A good side but also a bad side.Will Denis survive the night and will Beth Cooper get to know the real him?VIDEO & AUDIO : `` I Love You , Beth Cooper '' is presented in 1080p High Definition -LRB- AVC@33MBPS -RRB- . For the most part , picture quality is pretty good as the film is featured in the sunlight . But the film pretty much takes place during the night . During the day , colors are vibrant , during the evening the blacks are nice and deep and I saw no visual artifacts or banding.For the most part , the film looks very good . But to tell you the truth , I did n't notice too many details that stood out . The truth is that there are not exactly a lot of memorable scenes as most of the action takes place inside Denis 's home or inside Beth 's car . Seeing the scabs or blood all over Denis 's face is something I was n't really trying to look for detail but if there was one scene that stood out , it was a breathtaking scene overlooking the lake and mountains near the end of the film . Picture quality is good for the film on HD.As for the audio , audio is presented in English 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio -LRB- also in Spanish , Portuguese and French 5.1 Dolby Digital -RRB- . The film is primarily a dialogue and music driven film and are front and center channel driven . There are some scenes that utilize the surrounds such as crowds heard or the various crashing of cars or during the more action-based scenes . Probably one scene where you get the most action is when Beth Cooper literally crashes to a home where party is being held . But for the most part , the film is literally more about the dialogue and the music and the lossless audio definitely showcases the modern music of this film.Subtitles are featured in English SDH , Spanish , Portuguese and Cantonese.SPECIAL FEATURES : `` I Love You , Beth Cooper '' comes with the following special features : * Alternate Ending - -LRB- 6:59 -RRB- An alternate ending which features Kevin and his friends making one more encounter with Denis . An ironic ending but personally , I 'm glad that they did n't use this ending . * Deleted Scenes - -LRB- 7:36 -RRB- Featuring four deleted scenes
 I only give this movie 2 stars because of Hayden Panettiere was in the movie . Otherwise , this is a 1 star movie.This movie is n't as good I thought it would be . It had a good story line , but the movie just was n't done well . There was n't any memorable moments that I could remember . The jokes were kind of dull . The movie was kind of boring . The main stars just seemed to get there way too easy . Then , at the end they end of together and that is that.No one should ever buy this movie , and this one is a rental at best .
 The movie had a good idea to it , and it could have been good ... but it just was n't . The whole nerd crushing on head cheerleader thing never gets old , but in this movie it did . The entire movie was based on a nerd -LRB- Paul Rust -RRB- , his friend , the head cheerleader -LRB- Hayden Panettiere -RRB- , and her 2 friends , escaping her `` crazy army boyfriend '' because of what the nerd said at their graduation speech . I mean seriously , who acts like that ? In reality you would get mad then blow it off and move on to better things , not go all crazy stalker kill and destroy everything in the path like you have nothing better to do ... This movie made it seem like army guys are friggin psychos , who are just `` hooahooa !!! '' all the time ... kind of insulting . I 've been around the army all my life , my parents , my husband ... and I 've never met ANYONE as obnoxious as the guys in this movie . The other teenagers however , did have fun personalities and dealt with normal problems , but the storyline and writing made the movie totally boring.Basically this movie starts out really good , but then it just drags on for 97 minutes and you 're wondering when it will end . I wish I had n't spent 9 bucks buying the thing ...
 This unfunny , unoriginal , charmless teen comedy is so stunningly awful from start to finish , it 's amazing to think its director has made a single film before , much less a dozen .
 ... are the the only words that came to mind . Yeah , I went to go see it despite a nearly universal crushing blow that was delivered by the film critic industry.But it really is that bad . It should come as no surprise , based on the movie trailer , that a high school brainiac confesses his true love to the prettiest cheerleader in high school during his valedictorian speech . During his initial speech , he makes an attempt of a joke that is intended to fall flat.The rest of the movie is just that , though . When it DOES try to make a joke , it falls flat . Also , the rest of the movie plays out like a real high school geek 's dream of how things might turn out . The girl comes over with her friends -LRB- initially as a joke -RRB- and they all wind up getting caught up in crazy situations that is supposed to make the geek realize that there should be fun in your life when you 're young and to make the pretty young thing realize that there is more to love . It 's a movie that sincerely tries to show that it has a heart , but it truly does n't and even our main character does n't come across as wholly sympathetic either.Sadly , it does n't play out realistically or comedically . It plays out more like a series of sketches with a `` romantic teen comedy '' somehow loosely stringing it together like wet pasta noodles restraining a felon.It 's horrible , it 's unfunny , and I do n't buy how the girls manage to remain hanging around with our high school geek and his friend . Also ... SPOILER ALERT ... the sexual situation that his friend finds himself later in is so ridiculously unreal that I almost yelled out , `` Oh , come on ! '' just when I thought that it could n't get any worse . It might have come across as funny to a 7th grader , but certainly not to anyone who loved Hughes ' teen comedies of the 80s . Skip the movie ... skip the DVD ... man , even skip the RENTAL . It 's ... NOT ... WORTH ... YOUR ... TIME !
 Hayden + Nails + ChalkboardI 've said Hayden Panettiere could rake her nails across a chalkboard for 90 minutes and it would still make a great movie . Apparently this inspired director Chris Columbus . ' I Love You Beth Cooper ' is n't just a bad rip off of `` wild girl falls in love with shy guy '' which we 've seen over and over and over and over and over and over again . -LRB- ` Risky Business ' ` Girl Next Door ' -RRB- IT IS NAILS ON A CHALKBOARD from beginning to end.The screenplay is almost as bad as a Stephanie Myer book . Almost . I laughed three or four times total . The jokes are plain unfunny and predictable . The bullies show up for a fight . What a shock , Hayden saves the day by crashing a car into the house.Even worse , the injuries . People being run over by cars or falling off of buildings is funny because it 's unreal and ridiculous . People having real accidents and spurting blood out of their fingers , mouth , and nose , is n't funny . It 's nauseating . Is this a teen comedy or is Chris Columbus remaking his ` Homes Alone ' films with more blood?Hayden 's nails on a chalkboard might be entertaining but it 's star Paul Rust 's nails that we have to put up with for 90 minutes . Is this his real voice or is he trying to outdo Jerry Lewis ' `` Laaaaaddddaayyy '' ? Either way he far out ranks Sandra Bullock , Rosie Perez and Fran Dresser as more annoying than a car alarm . Seriously . It will be days before I can erase his screeching voice from my mind !!! Another sign of doom is that this is a raunchy teen comedy rated PG-13 . DOOM!Whatever falling out Chris Columbus had with the studio whom kicked him off the ` Harry Potter ' series he has really sunk to the lowest level of low.Worse yet Columbus has the nerve to embroil the celestially beautiful and talented Hayden Panettiere in this cesspool of a film.The two stars go to Hayden who deserved far better than this ! All Hayden fans be warned ! Just as with ` Heroes ' fast forward to the Hayden scenes with your one free hand . But with ' I Love You Beth Cooper ' also apply the mute button !
 `` I Love You Beth Cooper '' is a comedy film starring `` Heroes '' ingenue Hayden Panettiere in the title role . The film 's pitch may have sounded great on paper -- Nerdy high school senior Denis Cooverman -LRB- Paul Rust -RRB- declares his years-long crush on popular cheerleader Beth on their graduation day , invites her to a party that no one is really coming to , only to have her show up , and all sorts of wacky misadventures ensue.Indeed , it apparently sounded good on paper since the screenplay was adapted by the novel 's author Larry Doyle . That being the case , the excuse of having an unsympathetic interpreter does n't apply here . The characters are , of course , stereotypes , but for the most part they 're not particularly entertaining stereotypes
 The story is ridiculous , and the comedic value does n't make up for what it lacks . I found myself rolling my eyes , and bored to tears waiting for it to be over . The story never found its footing and was lost in slapstick situations . I would pass on this movie .
 The movie was a total waste of time . There were numerous opportunities to reveal more of the characters ' fine lines , but NO . This film does not merit a &#34; Bad &#34; rating , so save your time and go rent something on a DVD . And I 'm not writing any more reviews that require more than 8 words . It 's two thumbs down for &#34; I LOVE YOU BETH COOPER . ' .
 Long story how I ended up seeing the movie , but this is sooo bad , words ca n't say.The movie is an excuse to parade Hayden Panettiere around . With that , it succeeds.But lacking a decent script , plot and acting , this is one bad movie .
 So . The first minute of this film was great . Guy telling everybody about his long time crush on a girl he never even talked to . It 's all downhill from there though.The movie goes back and forth between being extremely goofy and very serious . This is something I 've seen in A LOT of movies but it never seize to confuse me . How on earth am I supposed to take the characters seriously after having seen them act out like cartoon figures the scene before ? It would be as if Donald Duck all of sudden started to discuss Sartre 's influence over western existensialism with Chip and Dale right after an ADHD like fight.Even so , the movie is really bad . Avoid .
 I usually do n't review movies , but I felt it would be beneficial to other people to warn them just how horrible this movie was . Denis Cooverman -LRB- played by Paul Rust -RRB- , is a nerdy kid who is in love with a girl completely out of his league ; Beth Cooper -LRB- played by Hayden Panettiere -RRB- . Denis has no redeeming qualities whatsoever . He is downright creepy with a stalker-ish fixation on the `` most attractive '' girl in school . Not only that , but he has the worst personality I 've ever seen in a movie . When attempting to be humorous -LRB- which is quite often -RRB- he just comes across as such a loser and it 's painful to watch . At the beginning of the movie , he calls out multiple people , one of which included his best friend for being gay . He pretty much alienates himself -LRB- well even more so than before since nobody liked him in the first place -RRB- from everybody.Usually I root for the underdog , but that was n't the case for this kid . I got about 3/4 of the way through the movie when I finally called it quits having finally succumbed to just how crappy it was and decided to turn the movie off.I went into this movie with an open-mind , but after everything was said and done , I just could n't bear watching the entire movie . Had Denis been played by another actor , it would have probably been so much better .
 I love you , Beth Cooper is supposed to be a big hearted comedy . Well , I did n't think so . I thought it was a terrible movie that , only had two likable characters . The acting , for the most part , was pretty bad . I might of giggled a few times throughout this movie .
 A leaden parable about the dangers of television and the whims of popular will . It 's a grim bit of work , unleavened by creativity , with a fair bit of sadism . The doctor is n't particularly clever here -- a quicker witted man might have untangled his situation , a stronger willed one might have bowled through his obstacles . This doctor only stalls matters until the story is wrapped up by deus ex machina . An all around poor effort .
 Overly predictable story about a high school spaz who inherits a billion dollar porn company where apparently all the women do n't take their clothes off too much.The crude AMERICAN PIE - style humor at the beginning is pretty funny but then it sinks into the goofy NOT ANOTHER TEEN MOVIE territory and that got old quick . Add on a true meaning of friendship ending and you 'll be praying for the end.WHO 'S YOUR DADDY ? should have stuck to one direction and went with it instead of failing at fifteen . Ali Landry is hot but I think Marnette Patterson is hotter . Neither gets naked , or even close .
 i thought i might see some hot chicks but the producers could n't even get that right . the jokes are for middle schoolers , the characters are horrible and i did n't even watch the whole movie . I only could bear about 30 minutes then I had to shut it off and watch dodge ball , which actually makes me laugh . I 'm not very critical but this movie absolutely , without a doubt BLOWS
 A complete waste of your time with maybe 2 quick topless scenes and a crappy story . Unrated should have meant PG-13 .
 This is like a crude disney movie with random bits of nudity.Why was this movie made ?
 Who in the hell gave this movie the green-light ? God-awful performances and such immature jokes that only a child can laugh at ... this may perhaps be THE worst movie ever created . And I 'm the kind of person that appreciates anything ... but this ... this is just pure , 100 % crap . This will most likely be the only time I will ever say `` I want my two hours back '' and MEAN it.And I only watched this movie for Marnette Patterson , but even she could n't save this movie .
 This movie is highly inappropriate for anyone under at least 16 . It is very very boring ! If you are buying this movie because of Justin Berfield DONT ! Justin is only in the movie for 2 minutes . The first review is totally fake it was posted before the movie came out , it is just amazon trying to get you to buy it . For more about Justin Berfield search `` Justin Berfield ''
 One of the worst films of a generation . Many talented comedic -LRB- Dave Thomas - Colleen Camp -RRB- were wasted in this decrepit piece of digital doggeral .
 This film was just all over the map and messy for me . It just never engaged me at all . The topic , love , freedom , France in the 80 's -LRB- I lived there at that time -RRB- and the appearance of AIDS in the 80 's was what drew me to this film . And I happen to really like Andr&eacute; T&eacute;chin&eacute; , the director 's films . The initial editing was choppy , the story line seemed to bounce all over , and it was very hard for me to follow the characters from the outset . Once the film settled in and I got to know the characters better , the relationships just had no intensity or compassion in them . The coupling just seemed robotic . People were cold to eachother , with what seemed to be very little feeling.So I certainly apologize to those that loved this film . But it just did n't engage me at all , and I wanted so much to like this film . There was nothing off putting about the topic , it just did n't seem to have heart where I wanted it.Technically , it 's a very well made film . The DVD company made a huge mistake in printing the subtitles over the film , although most Americans would watch with the subtitles on . It was also sad that they were printed within the frame , the bottom part of the letterbox is a much better location.If anyone was wondering , this is definately an R rated film .
 I 'm an Andr&eacute; T&eacute;chin&eacute; fan , but this movie is disappointing . The only characters who are at all interesting are the two primary characters
 We were very disappointed that this was not the Martin Sheen version of this documentary that is shown on Smithsonian HD . The description should have mentioned this . In fact , the sound mixing throughout this version is terrible -- anytime there is a loud scene with planes , tanks , or shooting , you ca n't hear the narrator . We plan to ask Amazon for a refund .
 Bought this and then was totally disappointed . This Is NOT the MARTIN SHEEN Narrated Version . So not so good . The description on Amazon was incomplete/inaccurate . I think the color was not as hyped either . Also the soundtrack was different .
 This is probably one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . On top of the horrible acting ... the events are so over the top that they are n't even believeable . Especially if you 've ever actually been to a rave .
 I vote for no more after this one.First of all , the movie is edited horribly . There are numerous occurences where edits should have been TIGHTENED . The acting is so over the top it 's ridiculous . Mary Griffith 's -LRB- Aimee Graham -RRB- father is the stereotypical DEMON father.We listen to these kids talk to the camera throughout the film and how they live to RAVE , so they can be ONE WITH THE MUSIC and how RAVEing and DRUGing is their life ... and I could only ask ... WHO CARES?Then , the kids all arrive at the RAVE . Weehoo !! 45 minutes of BAH ! BAH ! BAH ! BAH ! BAH ! music and Seizure inducing strobe effects . Kids so drugged up they spend most of the time sitting by the toilet . Punks living to beat up other kids . Punks who riot and create havoc for no reason . A drive by shooting that looked so fake and overdramatized.Gets you all teary-eyed . Not because you have any emotional connection with any of the characters , but because you spent $ 1.50 renting the movie on discount day and spent 80 minutes of your life watching it ... well ... 72 minutes if you fast forward through the credits ... 3:30 of BAH ! BAH ! BAH ! for the opening credits ... geez .
 This movie was horrible . I do n't think its fair that a movie can be made like this . I have been a huge fan or Raves and elecronic music for 10 years now , and an active member of the San Fransisco rave scene . I have been to so many raves that I could n't count them all . Nothing like this happens to Raves.When people go to raves , they take Extasy and forget about a lot of the bad things that society has programmed us to do . People hug and love on eachother , talk about things they never thought possible.Rave 's have had a great impact on society and continue to to this very day . Sure , there might be a few negative people , and bad things happen once in a while , but even less often than in regular life . Its also another good note to know that in all my years I 've never seen anyone die from taking extasy , and the only people who had bad effects did n't drink enough water or drank alcohol as well . Only a healthy responsible person who is in touch with thier body should do Exstacy.I have to say too , that when a person is trying to be negative , aggressive , or confrontational at a rave , they do n't get any responses from people and usually end up stopping the nagatve tendencies , because everyone is having so much fun that they ignore it . People are only negative when they are related to . Raves naturally push bad people away when they have a good vibe . Its a blatant lie to say that they attract them.At raves people feel free to express themselves artistically , in their form of dress , and about how they feel and their beliefs . We ralate to each other on a deep level that sometimes feels impossible in everyday life . I think its this tribal understanding of unity that really makes it easier to live life thereafter.Connecting to people , feeling happy and having fun . Lots of smiles . This is a rave . This movie was obviously made to create fear and keep kids from experiencing something that might make them want to be different from the majority of culture . Our entire society is based on fear , and this is something that if changed would inspire a lot of free thinking people that would feel good about themselves.Come to a rave , be free . Its like a little bubble inside which inhibitions , fear , judgment , and even laws can be forgotten and all that is remembered is emotion , feeling , and our impact on one another.GOOD MOVIES : If you want to watch some good , realistic rave movies to see what a real rave is like ... watch `` groove '' -LRB- which takes place in San Fransisco -RRB- , or the documentary `` Rave Nation '' is an actual documentary about raves . `` A Mid-summer Nights Rave '' is also good , although its definitely more fantasy , it still has all of the aspects of a real rave tied in.PS - beware of fake want to be raves ! Hip-hop influenced raves tend to have a bad vibe and too many sexual predators . You can tell from the people outside ... do they look like `` gangsters '' or people who would listen to rap ? Or do they look like all kinds of people dressed up crazy with glow sticks having fun with smiles ? Use your intuition !
 I 'm a huge fan of Electronic Dance Music and anything to do with this genre ; I 've been to both the huge acts and the underground parties . This movie had good intensions , but the way it came together is a little lame . I recommend One Beautiful Day if you like coming of age movies to do with electronic movies .
 It 's astonishing that anyone considers Tony Scott to be anything other than a hack . Just a brief perusal of his oeuvre confirms this certainty
 I do n't usually dis something on the grounds that the original was better . You 'd think with the technology available today , a remake of The Taking ... would be as least as good if not better than the original with Walter Matthau , but 5 minutes into the DVD and you know you 're wrong . This is a lesson in how to take an exciting , engrossing , fast-paced plot and turn it into a plodding , badly acted , poorly executed `` who cares '' movie . We could n't stay awake for this one .
 The 70 's version is much better . In that one the criminals never seem out of control , and their calmness makes them more disturbing . Robert Shaw 's performance is particularly chilling . Travolta is tightly wound and regularly explodes which becomes annoying . Denzel Washington is good as Garber but not as good as Walter Mathau . The earlier version also has a better plot . Writers of the remake appear to have been paid by the curse word and were intent on extracting full value . This detracts from a decent movie .
 ok , so I got to admit it ; I love the 1974 original with the inimitable Walter Matthau and Robert Shaw , with Hector Elizondo in the Latino roleThe Taking of Pelham One Two Three . Yes , I hate myself for loving it , and I am coming out about it . It is a masterpiece of comedy and suspense , a guilty pleasure.But , you know , the mighty Denzel Washington -LRB- of the unusual , for him , Training Day -LRB- Snap Case -RRB- , the marvelous and unmissableMalcolm X -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- , the intelligentAntwone Fisher -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- , the earlyThe Mighty Quinn , all high quality performances -RRB- here makes a mighty fine stand-in for Mr. Matthau . Where this falls down is killing the comedy and upping the disaster drama . A few too many car chases and too much gunfire.I mean , some of the plot devices here are a bit too questionable . Would a top notch cop sniper truly lay down in a NEW YORK subway line , -LRB- in A NEW YORK CITY SUBWAY LINE !!! OMG ! already -RRB- without first having stuffed his pants legs well inside his boots , and tied that down tightly ? I mean these guys live with the pants legs INSIDE their boots , and sleep with their pants legs tied tightly INSIDE their boots . All of a sudden they got pants legs loosely OUTSIDE their boots ? Huh ? You with me on this ? No spoiler here , but come one ... Just to move things along ? I mean , just asking for trouble , ok?and would the New York subway system really send someone with no actual coursework or licensing as a civil engineer , but only a few years running a train , out to assess train systems in Canada and Japan , and not in the USA ? Would the Japanese really need to BRIBE that guy with a rather slim bribe?Sorry , but I just ai n't buying it . If you do , hey , I got a bridge for sale , you know ? A little too much suspension of disbelief going on here . Give me a break . Respect my intelligence , ok ? No one else does ... And Travolta struggling to be convincing OVER THE TOP ? Johnny raging , just ca n't do it ... And when he SHOULD have been raging , the script again , just ai n't there . I mean after the sniping , and he goes back to shoot the kid , and of course kills the black man instead , he should have had some lines to set us up , and does not.Blame it on the script.And whenever a nameless Black man shows up in a movie and gets a few lines and face time , you just KNOW he is going to get killed . I mean , giving the main role to Denzel was already a risk ... But this real black man is the finest actor in the film aside from Denzel . He gets the job done , anonymously , with just a look . He should have won the Oscar for this performance , He does a truly effective , understated performance , with just a look , at the widow across the train from him , just one look , and he delivers the goods . I am serious here . He does a truly masterful job , with just one silent look , telling the whole story of all of their lives , with one look , doing far more acting than Travolta with ALL of his furious carpet chewing . Give this black man a prize . He is real here as no other actor is , but Denzel and his wife . And James Gandolfini . Papa Soprano as Mayor of New York City . Brilliant!I must admit , I do go for the way Denzel 's supervisor undercuts him every chance , including sending him home . This , too , is REAL.but like , with us getting established that travolta has one internet browser window watching the real time stock returns like some day trader , and got a few other windows open , why does n't he IMMEDIATELY know there is a videocam in the car?HUH ?! So there is a whole lot to love in this film , but the script is weak where it should be refined , and the car chase stuff , and the bullets flying , and Travolta ... Not enough to scare off the looming and marvelous ghost of Matthau.Three stars.Sorry , Denzel , despite your magnificent work here and everywhere.You make this not totally bad .
 If you do n't mind the absolutely unregenerate language , you may like this movie . I was in the Army and never used the kind of language contained in this movie . Such a shame that the story line , great cinematography , and amazing special effects are ruined for me by taking the dialogue to its lowest common denominator , from teenager to adult . I want to be entertained without having to feel like a voyeur . I 'll take the original of the this dramatic movie over the new one.mdv
 This film contains a Rap music track . Every few minutes you are assaulted by the word B * tch being used to refer to Women . I , my wife and our guests turned it off and threw the disk in the trash . It is far more than WAY PAST TIME for this kind sh*t to be gone . I am stunned that MGM would release something this sexist . What a slap in the face to women all across the world . I urge you to boycott this DVD and let MGM know why , as I did . And let Amazon know too.I ca n't say one more thing about the film because I did not watch it and never will , which is a shame because I was really looking forward to it , but I will not support grotesque sexism like this .
 For a movie that `` moves '' so much , there is n't much action here . There 's a lot of loud music , rapid fire editing , maps and time markers popping up on screen every six minutes , but that 's about it . Take away these attempts by director Scott to make it APPEAR as though a lot of action is taking place , and you 're really left with a movie about some guys sitting in a subway.The main one of those guys is John Travolta , in another performance so bad that I 'm actually starting to think he 's taken an oath to suck . Never has a movie `` villian '' been so poorly written and acted as Travolta 's `` Ryder '' in this film . The dialogue he has to deliver is awful to begin with , but Travolta seemed determined to hammer this point home . I 've never heard someone scream `` mother *** ker '' with such a lack of conviction.As for the other actors , they seem to accept their roles as plot devices , and decide to phone in their performances.The only other problems I could n't get past were how people had Internet service in the subway tunnel . Or why the MTA dispatch center was so grandiose it would be the envy of NASA . Or why the police were such bad drivers . Or why they did n't use the helicopter to deliver the ransom money . Or why Travolta 's character and his crew did n't just `` stage '' a terrorist attack instead , which would 've still gotten them hundreds of millions of dollars , with the added bonus of not putting their lives in any danger .
 I knew that Tony Scott had directed this film , so I did n't have high hopes . But at worst I thought it might be mediocre . The story is exciting and the screenplay is by Brian Helgeland . With Denzel Washington -LRB- and to some extent John Travolta -RRB- I thought how bad can it be?Pretty bad . Tony Scott usually covers up his inadequacy at storytelling with lots of needless fast cutting and pointless special effects . He really works at the level of TV advertisements -LRB- the flashy , shallow kind - not the good ones -RRB- . `` The Taking of Pelham 123 '' has lots of his usual razzle dazzle , but the surprise is that Helgeland 's script is so poor . The dialogue is one-dimensional and has the usual action cliches -LRB- lots of `` MF '' in the first half -RRB- . There are tacky coincidences - such as one of the passengers chatting online with his girlfriend at the time of the hijack - that do n't even lead anywhere . In fact , those two young characters are obviously included to appeal to that demographic ; they serve no dramatic purpose . The characterisation beyond the two leads is non-existent . And there 's little explanation how a few years in jail turned a high level Wall Street businessman into someone who seems like a hardened working class dock worker.There really is n't anything to redeem this film . Denzel Washington is certainly competent - he seems incapable of being bad . The action is overblown -LRB- the exploding blood bags when the baddies get shot are overdone -RRB- . The ending is obvious and predictable.Don ' t buy this film - do n't even rent it .
 In between the stop-motion/cross cutting , lack of a good script and predictable acting , the only train robbery going on is the money you pay to see this stupid movie . It 's truly style over substance . I mean really , John Travolta plays a psychopath , John Tutturo is an abrasive a-hole and Denzel Washington is mild mannered . How new and groundbreaking . Just incredibly inane . You should either read the book or watch the 1974 version , where although the only A-List actor in it -LRB- at the time -RRB- is Walter Mathauw , the supporting and character actors put on class performances where you really get the feel of NY Grit .
 Two stars
 John Travolta 's character shouting gets tired real soon . He 's not scary , just annoyingly shrill . Denzel Washington 's performance is flat and unbelievable.That 's the whole problem with this poor imitation of the 1974 film - none of the performances are believable.It 's a big snore .
 Considering the potential of all the actors involved with this film , I felt that the lack of plot twists and the uninteresting dialogue made this potentially engulfing movie lackluster and shallow .
 Plot made no sense . If the plot is going to be this bad you could at least have some good special effects to make up for it .
 What a bad movie . There was absolutely no tension and you really did n't care about any of the characters . Also , there 's almost no action up until the very end , and then it 's not what you 'd expect . Most of the time the train is sitting still in a tunnel underground and the two main characters are just talking back and forth . I guess the closest thing I can think to this was the negotiator , but Travolta and Washington bring not even the tiniest bit of drama to the screen , unlike Spacey and Jackson who you really cared about by the end and their performances were award worthy . Also , you actually started to care about the hostages in the negotiator and Spacey and Jackson . Plus , there was 10 times the amount of action in the negotiator even though it took place on a single floor of an office building for most of the movie . You 'd figure about a train that was hijacked would have more action but you 'd be wrong . I would not recommend this to anybody .
 Almost all the 3 , 2 , and 1 star reviews were fairly spot-on so I would add the following to their reviews : -LRB- 1 . -RRB- I would say that all the acting except for Travolta -LRB- for the most part -RRB- was insipid , scripted , unbelievable and forgettable . -LRB- 2 . -RRB- The directing and camera work captured your interest in the beginning but soon grew wearisome . -LRB- 3 . -RRB- Most of the movie resorted to the same old formulas
 So Amazon says on its rental page you can rent it . You click on it , and you can only buy it . Why ? This happens ALL the time with Amazon , which is why I am increasingly frustrated with their on-demand feature . Netflix and iTunes do n't seem to have this problem .
 Unfortunately an entirely predictable story populated by cliched characters - we 've met all these guys before , in other movies , usually done better . The only `` twist '' in the plot took about 10 seconds to figure out . Ca n't anyone make an intelligent suspense movie any more?Note to filmmakers
 This remake , actually the second remake of a classic movie is another indicator of Hollywood 's lack of creativity . The basic premise an armed group of thugs led by a man calling himself Ryder take over a subway car and hold everyone in it hostage . Travolta who calls himself Ryder seems to be manic or on some kind of drug during the whole movie . I like him but I can not take him seriously as a bad guy . He seemed like he trying to imitate Samuel L. Jackson with all the motherf@#$rs he said . And he actually said the word bunghole making me think he prepared for the role by watching Beavis and Butthead . I would haved liked to have seen more character development with his character . Denzel does well with what he is given in the role of the MTA employee trying to negotiate with Ryder but even he along with the great character actors James Gandolfini and John Turrturo can not save this film . I live in NY and ride the subways every day so watching a film set in in a subway reminded me of my morining commute , and thats not a good thing .
 This movie is a complete throwaway . Denzel Washington 's talent is completely wasted , and I was horribly saddened to learn that it was scripted by the same sreenplay writer of LA Confidential and Mystic River ??? Those are 2 modern classics , and some of the dialogue in this movie was just laughable . How many times can Travolta call the authorities motherf-ers ? And ` Bunghole ' ???! I had to try and not laugh out loud . You want to see an intelligent , taut heist thriller ? Watch ` Inside Man . ' Skip this re-tread , it 's already be done . C - at best .
 In my opinion , this remake of The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 does n't even come close to the original excellent 1974 film , which was directed by Joseph Sargent . The new version is tedious , boring , with a lot of vulgar dialogs , and pretentious acting . Luis Guzman , who is one of my favorite character actors , is totally wasted in this film . The musical score is inappropriate and does n't match the action scenes at all . Note that at the end of the film , a police officer gives Denzel Washington a Walther PPK pistol for his protection , which he puts in his coat pocket . Later on when Denzel Washington pulls out the pistol , it is totally a different handgun .
 -LRB- Spoilers , though there is n't much to spoil -RRB- I 've not seen the original but this movie is just awful . Have you seen the previews ? Oh , then you have seen the movie . Bad guy gets train , innocent bystander stops him and ends up hero in end . Well that about wraps up my review , enjoy this predictable and boring tale of the one man army . I mean , at least put a twist or something in there , one clever thing , that 's all I wanted ...
 The bottom line
 This movie should have been rated T for torturous.In the excellent 1974 thriller , the hijacker , magnificently played by Robert Shaw , barely raises his voice . Shaw created a deliciously mysterious villain . The wretched remake serves to showcase John Travolta 's painfully annoying talent for reaching piercing decibel levels . Travolta 's idea of dramatic effect is to assault the viewers with endless shouting . The entire film seems to be an assault on the viewers ' senses . Denzel Washington 's professionalism is n't enough to save this cinematic tsunami .
 I like the movie but when I went to redeem the digital copy it expired.Not to happy with that.I wish i can get another digital copy so I can download , that would make me happy .
 This movie was terrible . I 'll admit , I was psyched when I saw the previews for it . I never went to see it though and just Netflixed it tonight to my TV.SEMI-SPOILERS BELOW : It was just so predictable and terrible . It was n't even done in a fantastic form . It was just ` ah man hijacks train , boredom , travolta says mother f * ker , no no do n't , and this goes on for about an hour and 15 minutes of this movie . There was little intricate plot to this movie . It got very boring and I am usually a guy who appreciates that but it was n't even entertaining to me . Travolta was terrible and all he did was curse . I do n't care about cursing but that 's ALL he did . Denzel was lame in this . The ending was even worse ... O wow he shot him in the chest , Travolta says his lame last line and dies . The end ... O but he got the half gallon of milk awwwe that should make up for wasting my night on this.I gave it two stars ... Idk why it even deserves that but whatever . Do n't waste your money on it ... at least rent it ... You 'll forever regret buying it .
 Both Denzel and Travolta did good work , and it 's not their fault that they are not Walter Matthau and Robert Shaw . So the problems fall to the Producer and Director . Why sandblast the original screenplay so bad ? SPOILER
 Even disregarding the fact that I think the original production was superb , this remake was a * huge * disappointment . For starters , it seemed like every-other-word uttered by John Travolta 's character was `` f -- k '' -LRB- uh ; slightly gratuitous ? -RRB- . Secondly , there was no fleshing out of the characters -LRB- including Travolta 's -RRB- - and , in fact , the two hijackers who spoke some other -LRB- indistinguisable -RRB- language just seemed to be there as window dressing and there was no explanation of their connection to the others . For that matter , all of the passengers - except for the young guy with the laptop and the mother with a young son - were essentially irrelevant . There was also very little sense of NYC in this production and therefore it basically appeared to be a Hollywood stage set . The only moderately interesting character was Denzel Washington 's -LRB- Walter Garber -RRB- , but I would n't exactly call this one of his better roles .
 This version of Pelham did feature some interesting interaction between Travolta and Washington . The Blu-ray looked and sounded good , but the movie was missing something in script-writing . Maybe it was too much off-color language -LRB- replacing needed parts of the script -RRB- ? I 'm not sure , but only a few hours after watching it , I 'm already starting to forget . Its probably worth a rental , but not a purchase .
 Warning
 The movie starts out fast paced and you kinda have to figure out what is going on at first , but I felt like I just did n't really care what was going on . The idea is to create mystery , who are these people and why do we care ? The problem is the movie does it too well , I really just did n't connect with the characters . Although the actors are top notch , it feels like they just told them , `` hey you 're this crazy dude who took over a train . '' The end , so the film lacks depth , but it is decent for just a night when you do n't have anything else to watch .
 One can not really expect too much from John Travolta - he needs the right vehicle and this was n't it - but this was a shockingly poor performance from one of the best actors of our times , Denzel Washington . It was as if he was n't really trying or as if he was just relying on inate quality to appear in his acting that just did not happen.Even visually disappointing ... with High Def now , we except some `` Wows ! `` To understand what is being said here , watch the original .
 I 'm hoping someone gives me this DVD for Christmas so I can enjoy -LRB- again -RRB- smashing the DVD with a hammer and then lighting it on fire.I watched half the movie . I hate it . I hated it from the instant , about two minutes in , when I saw the tattoo on the side of John Travolta/Ryder 's neck , which of course references Charlton Heston 's subversive declaration in front of the NRA that no one will take HIS guns away except `` from my cold dead hands . `` Well , Mr. Heston is dead now , and while I regret the passing of a Hollywood legend there is nothing that could make me happier than to see this mockery of a fine film littering graveyards everywhere , and preferably pet cemeteries.Why pet cemeteries ? Because the character of Ryder has all the appeal of a rabid dog . If you find something appealing about that then by all means go find a rabid dog to play with , but do n't waste a moment of your life watching this movie .
 I loved the original `` Pelham 1,2,3 . '' Despite that , I 'm not averse to remakes , especially when you have a cast that includes John Travolta , Denzel Washington and James Gandolfini . How any of these 3 fine actors attached their names to this remake is beyond me . Travolta particularly has taken on choice rolls since his rebirth after `` Pulp Fiction . '' Not all have been of that caliber . But they 've at least been inspired roles . His manic role in this movie , a Tony Scott bastardization of the original , is such a disappointment . There 's nothing to his performance I have n't seen before , or better . And I rarely say that about Travolta any more . Denzel 's role is a snooze . And Gandolfini 's role is paper thin for his capability . The Scott direction in this movie is pathetic . It tries to do with gratuitous action and dialogue exchanges what the original does effortlessly with a solid script and seasoned actors to deliver the goods -LRB- albeit in a bit dated version . -RRB- There was little suspense in a movie that had it from the start with the original . I hope this is n't an indication that Travolta and Gandolfini are reaching for a paycheck alone these days . This movie has so many like it out there , that I could see why someone reached for the rights to remake it after seeing the original story and thinking in contemporary terms-updating in technology and in general , more action given contemporary standards , etc. . It 's an easy template to fit your vision into today . But the results are n't as good . A weak , weak movie by any era 's standards .
 By and large , the types of films that Denzel Washington sticks his name on provide viewers with incredible acting , great character development , and a plot that sucks you in and makes you really care about what is going on . Unfortunately , `` The Taking of Pelham 123 '' does absolutely none of those things.Acting
 One of the worst movies I have ever experienced . Does n't even pretend to make sense . Warning
 The script and acting in this movie is boring and not worth watching . Production quality is definitely up to par , but watching a competently staged and filmed movie that is n't well written or acted is not worth the effort . It is especially sad when you compare it with its 1974 original which is funny , suspenseful and very well paced . I love old movies , but often new productions are much easier to watch because modern production standards are really superior two those of most movies made in the 1960s and 1970s . It has to be a really good movie to remain superior to later production with all the bells and whistles available to current producers and directors . I can watch the 1974 Pelham 1 2 3 over and over again . This 2009 version I refuse the watch again . I ca n't understand why the 2009 version did n't use the best line in the 1974 version , `` What do they expect for 35 cents , that they 'll live forever ? '' There 's more humor in that line from the 1974 film than there is in the entire 2009 version .
 Tough guy , Ryder -LRB- played by John Travolta -RRB- , has taken a New York City subway train and its passenger 's hostage , and will only release them once the mayor has paid $ 10 million dollars . Meanwhile , transit worker Walter Garber -LRB- who is under suspicion of taking a bribe -RRB- is the unfortunate dispatcher who Ryder makes contact with , and soon finds himself embarking on a series of tasks to rescue the hostages . There were two really great actors -LRB- Travolta & Washington -RRB- , some snippers , some chase scenes , some really bad guys , an entertaining Mayor , and tons of stuff that should have made this a must see , but I was disappointed . There was so much potential , so many possibilities , but nothing really seemed to connect . There was no follow-thru , and nothing to really justify the mediocre ending of Garber -LRB- Washington -RRB- walking home with a half-gallon of milk following his showdown with Ryder -LRB- Travolta -RRB- . Not even Travolta 's attempt at being a bad guy and using `` MF '' constantly -LRB- although the tattoo on his neck was cute -RRB- seem genuine , just forced . What worked for him in Pulp Fiction -LRB- tough guy yet likeable -RRB- did n't really work here , and while I would love to give this a great review , I ca n't . But I will give this tale a `` 2 '' because I thought the outtakes and extras on the DVD were great .
 Expected much more from this movie , C'mon it 's John Travolta and Denzel Washington . Travolta just seemed to overact and you never get a feel as to what drives him in this film , no layers , no subtext , he 's just a bad guy . Denzel who is usually so good , was very subdued , like he phoned this one in . And I was n't buying James Gandolfini as the mayor . Throw in some unnecessary and unrealistic car crashes and you have a mess of a movie .
 What ca n't I say about this dog of movie One good thing is I did not pay good money watch it since I have a DVD/sat service and it was on a late viewing so I recorded and sorry I even took the time to do that . Dialog was full of profanity F this GD that MF ect . I think I counted at least 325 Mr bad guy John used one or the other . The other bad guys all they did was look around and act like a bunch of stiffs and gun tooting crazies . Mr Washington was just as bad he must and was not right guy for this role . Movie get a F and just like when ever they remake a classic movie they mess it up big time and this movie is no exception . Rate for this is an D and is not a family movie at all .
 Director Tony Scott 's latest movie , a remake of The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , was one of my latest DVD rentals from Redbox . The movie had two things going for it in my mind to get me to watch it
 Great actors in a movie that was the worst written screenplay i have seen in years . John Travolta 's performance was appalling . Do not watch this movie ! You will finish this movie feeling dumber than when you started . I was hoping for a good movie with Denzel and John Turturro and Travolta ... . I ca n't believe that anyone has rated this movie over a 1 star !
 THe 80s and 90s did classic jobs on films but modrn ones are too over the top and badly acted or are remakes which uses rather horrible cgi very frequent or just the actors are bad , this is bad its basically just another remake about a hostage ona train .
 This film is a good yarn as was the original book , and the film is somewhat better than the first one of a couple of decades ago . BUT , it is ruined or at least the viewer is hugely distracted by two aspects . 1 -RRB- Jerky , artsy-fartsy , frenetic editing . 360-degree pans around actors in various scenes are too damned fast . There is too much cutting , intercutting and herkyjerkiness throughout ! It is as though since the technology permits such , the geniuses who ideated this film could not restrain themselves . A hint to said geniuses
 Confusion . **** My last 2 reviews of this movie never posted . I guess I was too hard and negative in my review . **** that being said ... . I watched the preview and thought that my wife and I would enjoy some sort of mystery drama in the form of black cinema . Well I as many of you will be very disappointed . I purchased this on one of those '' people who brought ABC movie also may like or purchased XYZ movie '' . From the gate this movie is confusing and never explains anything . The entire cast made it seem as if this was a soft-core porn movie . Every scene is talking in a low sensual whisper and hints that we can all have sex as soon as we finish talking . People would literally be inches away form each other mouths doing that whisper talking . There were just too many things that did not make any sense . Why did the lead male go from Cool collective player -LRB- we are later told that it was role playing -RRB- to crying weak boy , to strong in control business owner , to etc. . . ? Same thing happened with the wife . 1st she scared , then mad because he did not step his game up , to so hurt and broken by what he did , to etc. . . Then there is the sister , female friend -LRB- white girl -RRB- and the brother in law/boyfriend ?? of the sister . None of their actions helped you understand the motives of why they all did what they did . There was no climax at the end to let you know all their motives . There is just s 2 minute conversation between the sisters . After that you 're looking around saying `` what ??? Is that it '' ??? Nothing comes together and you 're just as lost as you were when the movie started . I stopped the DVD 15 times and rewind to see if I missed parts or did not see something . Nope . 2 stars because the effort and main ideal -LRB- at least from the previews -RRB- on what should have been a great movie . If this review looks and sounds crazy it 's not . This is the way the movie plays out . I swear ... You will understand if you see it . Maybe a rental if avail but not to buy unless your really looking to support these B actors .
 I just watched this movie and I have no idea what happened ! Thank God I did not purchase it . It would have been a waste of money ! `` Consinual Confusion '' indeed ! I thought it was just me !
 Terrence -LRB- Siaka Massaquoi -RRB- and Angel -LRB- Keena Ferguson -RRB- are a married couple who engage in role playing . So there are times you ask yourself what is real and what is set up . They come home one night and Angel gets attack -LRB- ? -RRB- in what was a really poor scene . There marriage goes on the rocks as friends and detectives are called in to fill a movie with talks about relationships , roles , good men , good women , etc. . The dialouge was boring and poorly delivered.The drama centers around Angel and her moping and inability to cope with anything . I did n't care for any of the characters.PARENTAL GUIDE
 I do n't know what movie the other reviewers watched , but it certainly could not have been this one . The movie was chocked full of bad actors , overacting , confusion and no plot . I thought that I would be able to compare it to the movie `` Cover '' which was an excellent `` keep you on the edge of your seat '' movie . Not the case with Consinsual . I actually turned it off , went to bed in hopes that when I finished it that the ending would be good . NOT ! The main character Terrance pays the detective hired to bump off the wife of Terrence so that he can get their restaurant franachise worth 2.5 mill . Wow he paid him a whopping 5000.00 to kill off the wife . The brother in law , boyfriend , friend whatever he was to the wife 's sister , that 's how confusing it was , makes the deal with the wife 's ex boyfriend closes the deal then the husband Terrance pays him another whopping 5000.00 . Terrance takes the rest of the money and end of story . As you can see from my synopsis , it was just all over the place , boring and I could have kept my 10.99 and bought a pack of ciagarettes and some Hostess Ding Dongs !
 The actors were below mediocre but thats not the worst part . The movie had about 20 twists to it but no plot ? It was probably one of the worst movies i have seen .
 The lead actress has one expression , most of the lines sounded like a vocabulary test that the actors failed.The plot was nonsensical and it was time out of my life I wish I could get black .
 The story is complicated with twists and turns which , however , are unconvincing.The writer of the story and the director appear to have got themselves into a mess of twisted knots , with no way out.They try to give a surprise ending , but it is very unconvincing .
 This was by far the WORST movie I have ever seen ! I rented it from Redbox for $ 1 and that was too much . Why was the entire movie so dark ? Did it cost more to film with some light ? The plot was dumb and the actors SUCKED ! I was all ready to see a good black market film like the Pandora movies or Cover . NOT ! My 11 month old son could have done a better job filming this sorry movie ! Try again because this was NOT the business !
 This was a disappointment . The idea was good but the presentation was horrible.It was an effort to get through the first 20 minutes . I had to get up every 10 minutes so I would n't fall asleep . I would n't waste my money on this one .
 I bought A touch of Frost seasons 7 & 8 only to discover they were copies from A touch of Frost colection 4 . Buy at your own risk .
 Warning ! These dvds do not have closed captions!Some information in the `` Product Details '' was false .
 Thats really all that needs to be said . This is horribly done . Even my 6 year old thought it was bad ...
 Leaden acting , wooden directing , self-indulgent hubristic art garbage . But at least you get to see James Franco felating a prosthetic . Of all the acting in the film , that bit was the most convincing .
 Usually , a good biopic leaves the viewer hungry to explore its subject even further . At least that has always been my case . Invariably , I have always gone into deep research whenever my curiosity has been pricked -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- by a biographical film . James Franco , darling of The Advocate set , who report on his every move , has single-handedly managed to do exactly the opposite . His self-indulgent exercise on the life of Hart Crane is so boring , dull , and devoid of life itself , that it leaves you with the feeling of never wanting to hear Crane 's name spoken in your presence ever again . Which , of course , is a disservice to Crane and his work . Both deserve much better . This film is a torturous waste of the viewer 's time . We get interminable shots of Franco doing nothing , or barely nothing , like walking the streets aimlessly , juxtaposed with interminable shots of Franco 's dull renderings of Crane 's poetry , complete with mispronunciations . And let 's face it , whatever it is that Star Quality is , Mr. Fanco does not have it . Marlon Brando could get away with interminable , boring , self-indulgent shots of himself -LRB- think Last Tango -RRB- , but then , he was Marlon Brando . Mr. Franco is not . Mr. Franco also does n't believe in sharing the screen with other actors . Except for his little brother , who is prominently , if briefly featured at the beginning of the film , we hardly get a close-up of , or a line of dialog from , any other actor in this mess . Mr. Franco also makes the mistake of writing 21st century dialog and putting it in the mouth of a man who lived from 1899 to 1932 , when American English was not what it is today . This , however , is a commonplace affliction nowadays , where anachronistic dialog is uttered in period pieces -LRB- think of the gems that come out of DiCaprio 's and Winslet 's little mouths in Titanic -RRB- Writers today seem to be totally unable to come up with erudite dialog representative of the period they are writing about . In the case of Franco , this is cruelly exposed and highlighted by the juxtaposition of Hart 's poetry readings , with the dialog his character speaks in the film . Hart writes like a poet , in the English of his time , yet he speaks like anyone would today , in modern American parlance . Totally anachronistic . Not that Tennessee Williams went around uttering things like `` I have always depended on the kindness of strangers '' , but then , I 'm certain he did n't use the words bro , or dude either . Or the infamous `` Do n't do this ! '' , a line which finds its way into 9 out of 10 films and/or TV shows written today . Who the hell came up with that one ? I have never heard ANYONE in any film of the thirties , forties , fifties , etc. say `` Do n't do this ! '' Ridiculous ! Also anachronistic is Franco 's choice of music . Considering that Crane died in 1932 , I sincerely doubt he ever listened or danced to a Perez-Prado mambo , as Mr. Mambo King was a 16 year old school boy in Matanzas , Cuba at the time of Crane 's death . He did n't come up with his formulaic mambo rhythms until the late forties , when he emigrated to Mexico and became an RCA recording artist . Noting Mr. Franco 's penchant for homosexual biopics , I dread to see what he has done with poor Sal Mineo . I wonder if Mr. Franco has managed to bore us to death with Mineo 's story , like he 's done with Crane 's , when Mineo led such a fascinating life . And , Mr. Franco , do you really think we need to see you actually do a Sevigny ? What is your point ? Would you stab yourself and draw real blood if the character you were playing does ? I think not . Film is film , not reality . I suggest you limit your excursions into the art of fellatio to your own private sex tapes . Though I must admit that both you and La Sevigny share something in common besides giving actual head on film . Her picture was as crappy and insufferable as yours is . So much for art , or the art of acting .
 This movie is very boring with long long moments of James Franco walking around the streets looking depressed . I do n't know much more about his character and the subject of this film , Hart Crane , than before I watched it . James Franco is a good actor , but he needs a lot of help as a screenwriter and director in my opinion . I 've seen a couple of his other short films and they are all mediocre at best . There is no real narrative for the story , very little dialogue to explain much of anything . The few moments that there is any story exposition through dialogue and conversations with other characters are the best scenes of the film , I wish there was much more of that . Perhaps there could have been scenes of discussions with other writers or artists about the nature of art or the need to write , to express oneself and interpret the meaning of life and experience . Instead what much of the film is is James Franco emoting silently while walking aimlessly for long periods in various cities around the world or while sitting in front of a typewriter and staring at a blank page . We know he 's depressed and suicidal , but little is explained about Hart Crane 's relationships with various male lovers or his family . Gay men in the 1920 's and 30 's were invisible in society and kept very low profiles and were limited to clandestine meetings behind closed doors . I 'm sure that was a very lonely way to live and the film hints at this as one of the reasons for Hart 's incredible loneliness and sadness , but since we never get a real conversation between any of his lovers , we are left with a couple of sex scenes and do n't know who any of these men passing through Hart 's life are . Watching the film feels more like watching a painting at a museum while wearing a headset listening to Hart Crane 's poetry with a single character for 80 % of it . A much superior movie about writers is HOWL also starring James Franco as Allen Ginsberg and the famous poem he wrote . There is so much more emotion and life in that movie than in Broken Tower , which just feels lifeless and void of emotion to me . In HOWL during James Franco 's reading of the poem throughout the filmmakers did something genius which was to use animated imagery to interpret the poem , which really brought it to life for me and helped me to understand what Ginsberg was trying to express . In Broken Tower , we just see James Franco reciting in a flat monotone void of any emotion Hart Crane 's poetry and it 's difficult to understand much of it . Skip Broken Tower and save your money and time and watch HOWL instead .
 Do not judge foreign films based on this movie because there are plenty of great foreign movies out there.The movie was not appealing at all . It took place mostly in one location ... Fred 's house . `` How boring ! '' Also , it lacked emotional depth , no real excitement or thrill .
 Crazy people that do not make sense , impossible situations . They sacrifice reality and make characters ride extremes in the plot . I watched another last night . This old man is interested in this other older woman , but he is married to a younger prettier woman . The wife knows of her husbands interest in the other woman then acts totally disinterested-then they all die in a plane crash-that is French film for you . So like that movie , this one is all artsy about theses ridiculous situations . For one , this stupid crazy Frenchman seems in love with her then he tries to move in her boyfriend into his house , then he gives them money so they can get married . So is the Frenchman just STUPID or is every character and the film just retarded . I vote for the latter .
 do NOT waste your time to watch this!It started off somewhat ok , but toward the end it got so confusing and stupid!And the acting was not that great either.The main female was so ugly , she looked like a skinny boy.What a stupid film!It left me angry at myself I watched the whole thing ;-[ -LSB- -LSB- -LSB-
 The movie is very good and the build up to then end is excellent but I will never know the actual ending . My version -LRB- which I bought through Amazon -RRB- is made by `` Video Entertainment Corp '' is very poor quality and the worst part is that the tape ends -LRB- runs out of tape -RRB- before the end of the movie . I was very disappointed with my purchase . Just as a side note , I also bought the `` Cat People '' with the same purchase and while the tape has the complete movie ... . the quality of the tape is horrible . It is also made by Video Entertainment Corp and it is as if someone taped this off the TV using extended play mode on their VCR ... . very poor condition .
 This film takes place in 1912 Greece during a Balkan War . A Colonel is punished for lagging behind . A reporter for an American newspaper interviews General Pherides . The dead must be quickly buried for fear of plague . Who can be singing in a graveyard at night ? The General and the reporter find a house with refugees from the war , and stay overnight . The darkness and night provides atmosphere , but nothing happens . Thea dislikes General Pherides because of his ruthlessness in collecting taxes before the war . There is danger of septicemic plague ; no one may leave the island . If the sirocco wind blows it will kill off the fleas that spread the plague . There is fear of vorvolakos , the evil spirits that sicken and kill people -LSB- vampires ? -RSB- . The British consul St. Albans has caught the sickness ; he soon dies . His wife mourns , she has other fears . Doctor Drossos is next to suffer . Prayer brings comfort to some . The old woman Kyra warns about evil demons . The General orders Thea to stay away from the others - in case she is a vorvolakos ! Mrs. St. Albans has collapsed . Is it death or a cataleptic trance ? The story has a shocking surprise . But little horror.This film must be an example of what Hollywood stamped out to provide cheap mass entertainment in the 1940s . -LSB- When the number of movie theatres started to decline . -RSB- The low budget shows in the script and scenery . -LSB- Earnest Dorian is best known as `` Baron Kurtz '' in `` The Third Man '' . -RSB-
 Really missed seeing this show . Does n't seem to get as much air time as it used too so I thought this compilation would be just perfect . This show and a few others are out on this `` Television Favorites '' collection . Maybe it 's just me but I basicly expected the episodes picked to be the best and most favorite one 's . I was alittle let down by the episodes on here because I could remember so many great one 's that were ignored .
 i remember this show in the 70 's & so i wanted to see how it stood up after 30 years . the truth is that it 's not very funny!shot in video -LRB- ugly on the eyes ! -RRB- , the biggest novelty is seeing travolta in the role that propelled him to stardom ! the clothes are pretty cool though !
 I generally like twisted movies and this one certainly had an interesting concept . That said the dialog and acting were pretty flat and the movie did n't hold my interest . I give it some pluses for the unexpected ending but that did n't really redeem the rest of the film .
 This title is not to be confused with the famous and far superior Evil Dead moniker , `` dead by dawn '' . The first 50 minutes of the film go by pretty well . The legend of the banshee seems to be used quite effectively . The sets every now and then almost come across as fairy tale-like , especially the scenes in the mine . That 's the first 50 minutes . After this , things quickly go to hell as folklore gets substituted by clich&eacute; and everything stops making sense . As for the raison d'etre of the film , the dead , you have to have a certain love for flying , scythe wielding skeletons to get your full boo 's worth , or boo crap , if you do n't lean towards this kind of dead . The acting was pedestrian to competent , nothing to light the sky on fire or anything . For me , there were some continuity discrepancies ; unless I was n't paying attention , I could swear that I saw a father and son running from a mine at night , and then the father being let into the house in obvious daylight . The story itself could have been better . The banshee was awesome , probably the best one ever put on screen . Just you go try and figure out the last 10 minutes of the film , though ! And about the pop song just before the credits roll ...
 Damned by Dawn is a 2010 independent horror film directed by Brett Anstey and tells the story , I think , of a banshee who is trying to damn a family . I think . The details got lost in all of the fog being blown around for the last hour and a half.To be fair , the movie actually started off fairly well . If you 're an Evil Dead fan , you 'll recognize immediately a similar film style utilized here , but only at an environmental angle . The moving ground shots through hazy nighttime forest , etc. . It 's a nod in the right direction , so I feel I owe Anstey some recognition for that . He also did a decent job of spooking me . Every so often a form will move silently through the background and it 's startling . Well , the first ten times it was , I should say . He must have known it was working because he kept doing it and doing it and doing it , and ... THIS is where I start stomping on his effort.The film went nowhere . It gained a little momentum in the beginning , but quickly began bleating one note and stayed that way through its entirety . Keeping my hand away from the fast-forward button on my remote because I promised myself I 'd not review the movie unless I 'd seen the whole thing was exhausting.The banshee got on my nerves right away . The screaming was obnoxious . I know that 's what banshees DO , but it drove me nuts.The main actress was n't very good . At all . She basically spends the whole movie going from panicky to wide-eyed and back to panicky , rinse and repeat . At one point in the movie , she 's on a balcony looking down and her eyes are huge . Cut to a different scene , then back to the balcony and she 's looking down again with an almost identical face . She just kept doing that.Weakest zombies ever . One undead guy walks into the house , gets their attention , dumps his guts on the floor , then starts flaccidly punching at them . When he connects , they act as if they 've been hit by a Thor 's hammer , but there 's no way . NO way . If anything , this movie gave me hope that when zombies finally do start perusing my populace , they 'll be walking daffodils like the creatures in this little ditty.The music was sporadic and poorly placed . Multiple genres fluttered around carelessly until the end scene when one of the worst songs I 've heard brings the whole house crashing down around me.I do n't know what else to say . I wanted to like the movie , but I just could not . At one point I even tried to get excited about a tear in the father 's cheek because it reminded me of similar wound handed to Lionel 's mother in Dead Alive , but then I realized that while watching one movie , I was fantasizing about another , and that 's a disappointing thing to happen to a guy.Unless you 're the type of person that 's trying to watch every movie with , `` Dawn '' in it , I 'd avoid this film , and I 'd avoid this film really hard . - t -
 Wow , that was a really bad movie . I ca n't really give a good review without spoiling the movie , but believe me , you wo n't like it . It was creepy for a moment or two , but that was it . I mean , come on , flying skeletal ghosts ? Wooo ... sccaaarrry ... . OMG ! What a piece of junk . I fast forwarded through most of the movie .
 I saw a trailer and read the thing about evil dead 4 on the cover and was a little hyped for it , and was a little disappointed that it didnt come out before halloween ... well , the only thing like evil dead is the camera work . Theres no humor at all . The worst thing is definetely the cgi , particularly the skeletons . At most , its a rental , but I didnt even finish it .
 Do n't fall for the comparison to Evil Dead on the box . This movie is crap from start to finish with ghosts that are about as scary as a Scooby Doo cartoon and a story with more holes than a bowl of Cheerios . I found myself fast fowarding through most of this to shorten the torture .
 this movie is not even close to be like the evildead movies well anyway they tried but sorry evildead is alot better then this movie .
 Jeff Wincott is a hardcore gambler who is about to leave Vegas , but not without paying off a debt he owes . When he pays it off he ends up getting bullied into a fight . He loses the fight , his money , and his girlfriend.Ugh , this movie is pretty bad . Everything is predictable , and the acting by the girlfriend is horrible . The only good thing is Jeff Wincott . He gives a good acting performance , and like always he shows some great emotion in his fight scenes . There are a ton of fights in this movie , but none are really good . Gary Daniels gets a decent cameo fight , but the only fight I liked was the finale . Not even the finale was that good , but it picks up by the end of it . So in short , I recommend passing on this movie unless you are a really huge fan of Jeff Wincott .2 / 5Picture quality on the Madacy DVD is decent . Best thing about this DVD is that it has 45 minutes of trailers .
 I own the Silver Anniversary Edition from Amazon.co.uk . It 's got better features and packaging , and you will pay a lot less for it.Just make sure you have a region-free dvd player . I actually bought one so I could play the UK versions of dvds they try to price-rape you with here . Look for a Nexxtech or something similiar for around 30 bucks.Ordered 1984 on dvd for cheap , too . *** UPDATE *** 8-14-07Reordered the UK edition , as my origional metal-cased Silver Anniversary edition is now the property of my ex ... It 's no longer packaged in the same dvd case . While the artwork is the same , the case is now just a silver plastic snapcase . Just wanted to share that with potential collectors .
 `` Flash Gordon '' could have been a truly great fantasy . Its intentional campiness is an insult both to the audience and Alex Raymond.Raymond was one of the great cartoonists -- which is rather an unkind , left-handed compliment , because his work more-closely approaches serious `` illustration '' . Considered objectively , the `` Flash Gordon '' storyline is absurd . But that does n't justify camping it up for a `` modern '' -LRB- ie , stupid -RRB- audience . Had the producer , director , and writer taken the comic strip as a serious work of art , the film would have been a beautiful romantic fantasy . Instead , we have a pile of shlock that does n't take itself seriously -- so why should we ? -LRB- See my review of `` John Carter '' , a pulp-fiction film that treats its source material respectfully . -RRB- There are compensations . Max von Sydow again shows why he is one of the world 's great actors . Brian Blessed is the perfect Vultan , finding the right balance between broad humor and aggressive pompousness . -LRB- If you do n't believe Blessed is a fine actor , see the 1989 `` Henry V '' . -RRB- And -- forgive me -- I have a terrible weakness for Biro -LRB- the late Ted Carroll -RRB- who 's adorable . He gets a classic groaner -- when asked whether he 's all right , he responds `` They just winged me '' . Alex Ross -- a great comic-book artist in his own right -- should have known better than to deliver a ten-minute lecture on just how wonderful `` Flash Gordon '' is . All he does is reveal how little he knows about art -LRB- of any kind -RRB- , and his apparent lack of knowledge of really / good / movies -LRB- of any genre -RRB- . `` Flash '' is trash , and its destruction would be no great loss.The transfer -- presumably from a Todd-AO 35 composite negative -- is spectacular
 At a comic convention last year they -LSB- Sam J Jones and Melody Anderson -RSB- were talking about the commentary they recorded for the release , and instead we get this no-frills edition . No sale .
 Flash Gordon -LRB- Saviour Of The Universe Edition -RRB- -LRB- 2007 -RRB- Region 1/NTSCThe bonus features for this long-awaited release are truly disappointing . The Region 2 dvd -LRB- 2005 -RRB- has commentaries and the usual extra features that we have come to expect on special edition dvds . However , the Region 1 Flash Gordon does not have much to offer by way of extras , and none of those that our European counterparts received in the 2005 Silver Anniversary Edition . Is it too late to give us a real collector 's edition of Flash Gordon ? Hopefully we will get a 2-disc issue in the future with at least the Reg . 2 features or something similar .
 The movie itself is pure fun . The video transfer is great . The audio is not so great . What happened to the bass ? I though the woofers in my speakers were not working . The original vhs version of the movie sounds better.The extras are a joke . The cover art was not impressive . The packaging design seems to indicate that there are some cool stuff included the casing . There is one pencil sketch which to me looks very amatureistic ... that 's it.Everything else about this `` Saviour Of The Universe Edition '' has been mentioned before so I 'll stop right here.My copy is going into my `` sell '' drawer , while I wait for some company who has enough interest in the project to remaster it the RIGHT way.I 'm very dissapointed .
 -LCB- Flash ! Ah-ah ... -RCB- How many years have we been waiting ? -LCB- He 'll save everyone of us ! -RCB- How long have we heard about that `` awesome UK release '' with all the cool extras ? -LCB- Flash ! Ah-ah ... -RCB- And what do we finally get ? -LCB- Savior of the Universe ! -RCB- The Savior of the Universe release with crappy cover art -LRB- give me the original poster art any day -RRB- , a featurette about the artist who made the crappy cover art -LRB- does n't Flash look wicked and more like Ming in it ? -RRB- , and a featurette about the screenwriter who also wrote the 60 's camp classic Batman , as well as Never Say Never Again.Worth the money ? No.Now that this is out , the people who have been selling the original DVD release for ridiculous amounts of money on eBay will have to settle for much less , and those who want to replace their old ones thinking this one will be a great buy will probably be selling their old ones for pennies . And that 's the only thing good about this release !
 This movie was one of my favorites when i was a child , and i thought it would be awesome watch it again in Blu - Ray . But I was wrong . The acting is so bad that you ca n't watch all the movie without expressing a laugh for how bad that it is . I believe that some old movies are better to be remind as part of a nice childhood and not as a bad adult experience .
 For me , what made this Flash Gordon movie so special was the music by Queen -LRB- though Brian Blessed is great ! -RRB- and if that 's what you remember and why you are considering buying this DVD , then DO N'T ! The images are clear . The story as campy and fun as ever . But the music seems to have been phoned in from Hong Kong over a very bad connection . For me , this ruined everything . Save your money . Better to by the CD of the soundtrack !! How in this day and with the technology available this DVD ever saw the light of day is beyond me .
 I had to see this movie after it was referenced in the Ted movie . Movie is fun to watch if you have never seen it .
 Not sure why I bought this movie sight unseen . I did not even bother to read reviews . I guess I like sci-fi and enjoyed the old flash gordon cartoons as a kid.This movie is incredibly corny and flamboyant . I like it to the old batman and robin tv show . The musical score is pretty darned irritating . The only thing I can say is that the story has a happy ending and the transfer quality of the movie is great .
 Sorry , you goobs , but I wanted this movie on DVD when I wanted it ... many years ago right after it went out-of-print !! So just like what happened with the sizable handful of other movies that I was VERY interested in back then , the same holds true here -- TOO MUCH TIME has passed prior to DVD release -LRB- or in this case , re-release -RRB- that I have effectively LOST ALL INTEREST in this title , despite the fact that it is now being made available ! You keep wasting my time , and I do n't waste any money on you ! -LRB- The '' ONLY '' movie out of the whole group of DVD titles I have thus put a hex on which I am `` still '' making a patient exception for is `` NIGHT OF THE CREEPS . '' -RRB- So suck on it , UNIVERSAL ... YOU LOST OUT !
 Oh , FLASH GORDON , how bad are you ? Let me count the reasons : Bad VISUAL EFFECTS!Bad ACTING!Bad COSTUMES!Bad SCRIPTING!Bad CINEMATOGRAPHY!Bad MUSIC ! It can not be Queen , can it?High Point
 An utterly horrible adaptation of the original comic book strip and series which has steadily acquired a cult status since its release almost 25 years ago . An unequivocally atrocious production where every aspect of the film is horribly cheap , fake , and just appallingly bad.Emperor Ming the Merciless -LRB- Max Von Sydow -RRB- from the planet Mongo wants the Earth destroyed . A quarterback from Earth named Flash Gordon -LRB- Sam J. Jones -RRB- must now save the day with the help of friends such as the Hawkmen and their leaders -LRB- Brian Blessed and Timothy Dalton . -RRB- Will he save the Earth and humanity from imminent destruction ? Will the seductive daughter of the evil Ming -LRB- Ornella Muti -RRB- fall for Flash and his athletic build?This has to be one of the most pathetic science fiction films ever made . As with ` Highlander ' , Queen 's music is about the only thing that keeps audiences interested in this trash film
 Wow ! I was about to attack Flash Gordon in review form as a stupid , poorly acted disaster of a film , but upon looking over what others had to say about it , I discovered there 's a lot of folks who love it for the very things that put me off ! Again , wow ! I was in high school when this came out in the wake of the Star Wars phenomenon and I remember reading articles in Starlog Magazine about it before it hit theaters . It left a generally positive impression on me , but I have n't really thought a whole lot more about it for the past 30 or so years , although I credit this film with introducing me to Timothy Dalton , who I later became more aware of when he served his time as Bond -LRB- but he was better in The Rocketeer - which again puts him in a 1930s setting -RRB- . I recently decided to see Flash Gordon again when a closeout sale presented a cheap copy of the DVD . To my older self , the best thing about this film is by far the theme song by Queen . The story is silly and ridiculous -LRB- what 's with the spaceship in the greenhouse ? - but that 's literally just the beginning -RRB- , the acting -LRB- especially that of lead Sam J. Jones -RRB- is awful , and the special effects are laughable -LRB- although there 's a couple of shots of the retro ships passing over the alien planetscapes which I kinda like -RRB- . In this version , Flash is an American football hero who , through a series of highly unlikely events , ends up getting shot into space where he and companion Dale Arden have to stop Ming the Merciless by uniting the leaders of the kingdoms under Ming . In this viewing , it really struck me that the filmmakers were actively trying to emulate the 1930s origins of this property . In many ways , it looks more like a stage play . The set designs -LRB- which just look like big open sound stages to me -RRB- , the costumes -LRB- the cobra snake people with their eyes and faces in their mouths are especially bad -RRB- , and Ming 's planet-palace really look as if they could have been taken out of storage for this film after 70 years . This film really is n't my thing and I doubt I 'll ever waste two hours of my life watching this again . If I 'm looking for something silly and dumb , I 'm more likely to seek out Hudson Hawk or Big Trouble in Little China . But if you 're one of those people who like camp or actually want to watch this over and over , enjoy yourself !
 Generation X keeps forgetting that Flash Gordon was once the king of Sci-Fi , having bumped Buck Rogers out of that title . It 's serials used to have only the highest production values at a time when landing on the moon was , indeed , wishful thinking.Unfortunately , this is all that 's left of the Flash Gordon legacy - A tacky , campy film that , barring some unforeseen miracle , nails the coffin shut on a franchise that may forever be known as the story that George Lucas might have revived in 1977 if he had been given the rights.Can it be viewed as goofy fun ? Sure , it can . But viewed in the context of what it once was , one can not help but shudder and think of how a great sci-fi franchise has fallen into such disarray . Who knows ... maybe it 'll be revived , but , then again , probably not . Oh well .
 I recieved the item fast , while opening the item I noticed I could hear the DVD moving around . Sure enough when I opened the Case , the DVD was not clipped into its holder and now the DVD has scratches all around it and is not viewable . Extremely Disappointed . I will be returning this item .
 Why do the -LRB- traced -RRB- drawing of Flash Gordon look suspiciously like Aquaman , Prince Namor , Green Arrow , Shazam ... and the Ming Merciless for that matter ?
 I am not willing to buy it used I want a new copy !
 I was floored to see so many good reviews for this trashy movie!I saw it when I was thirteen in 1980 for no other reason than I was a STAR WARS addict and would have seen ANYTHING that was sci-fi ! But even at that young , inexperienced age I could see this movie was over-the-top-campy , badly acted with bad dialogue.Flash Gordon is probably one of those rare comic book characters that deserves a fresh new perspective ; to be remade into a darker , more serious type of film with good dialogue and action , as in the spirit of BATMAN BEGINS or X-MEN .
 The setup hd everything , syfy , action , mysterious plague with plucky -LSB- ... -RSB- group to quell , the madness . all is going great until it seems to cut off right in the midl ...
 I purchased the Amazon Prime membership but I ca n't stream to my iPad ! Very disappointing Amazon ! -LRB- However , do not hold this against SOA , that show kicks a * s ! -RRB-
 The show is great but with this online viewing every 3 seconds it pauses and says loading for 10 seconds REALLY SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have ordered The second season of Sons of Anarchy DVD set December 13 and have still not received the DVD !!! I have emailed them over 6 times and NO RESPONSE !!!!! I would not do business with this company again !!!! HORRIBLE !!!!!!! If I could give negative stars i would !!!! they do n't even deserve a star !
 Would be nice to watch it and I would have even paid to do so but there is no sound . Not gon na read lips for $ 1.99 .
 I purchased Season 1 and 2 of this product . Each episode was separated on the disc . Not so on the Season 3 disc . I either had to watch all 4 eposodes at once or spend time fast forwarding through the disc to the next episode.I do not know if I received a bad set or if they all are like that.I like being able to watch a couple episodes and stopping to see the rest at a later date.On the episode selection part of the discs , the only one listed was the first episode on the disc . The rest were not mentioned . They were on the tape , just had to go from beginning to end . Four hours is a long time to watch TV for me.I buy disc sets so that I can watch at my leisure , but not to spend time fast forwarding through the disc.I want a set like disc 1 and 2 .
 Great season . Quality of dvd great . Plays fine no issues . I am pleased with dvd itself . Just will never reorder from amazon again . Almost took full year 2 get this dvd from them . I could have gone to walmart and not only.purchased cheaper but gotten month 's sooner .
 Do not buy from AMAZON DIGITAL on anything ! I bought music from here with no drm and am able to put it on anything I like , but with this I pay RETAIL PRICES and I am LOCKED OUT of my PURCHASE ! Amazon you have proven to me that I will never buy anything digital from you tv or movie section ever again . I might change my mind if you remove said drm off of >> > RETAIL PRICES < < < . I can understand the drm for rental , but when I pay retail I expect to be able to do whatever the hell I want with it ! This is a sad day for me Amazon . You made a paying customer die a little inside .
 Upon receiving this set everything seemed fine until I began the fourth disk . I saw nothing but moving white lines . My return to Amazon went extremely well . The cost of the series and cost of shipping was quickly and without questions refunded by Amazon . Then I ordered it again . Not only was disk four all black -LRB- as in blank -RRB- but it would not eject from my player . I tried to play it on two DVD players and had the same result . The seller is fully responsible for sending out these faulty DVD 'S . Once again I will be sending this set back .
 We just finished Season 3 . I have to say this must be the most over rated series on TV . What 's up with all the hugging and kissing ? One goes to the washroom and comes back . The whole club gets up to hug him and I love you bro . And talk about whiny characters . All these people are emotional wrecks.I used to ride with clubs in Chicago and real bikers would be disgusted with these wimps .
 Enjoy the series and received the product timely , but poor quality DVD . Picture is very dark , stalls continuously and digitally broken up . Contacted the seller and they have not responded , it has been over a month and no reply .
 I only bought the season because my fiance wants to have them all . It was ok , but not great . Overall , my big issue is that the set I got takes literally about half an hour to load on our blu-ray player . I do n't need an update or anything , and nothing else plays that poorly . It 's really frustrating , because I bought it full price and it feels like a waste of money .
 dvd didnt work waste of money tried to resolve situation nevr got any help it was thru a 3rd party
 I 'm commenting on Amazon 's service , not the product . Ordered in April . Advertised to be in stores & sent by Netflix for arrival on 8/30 . Why ca n't you provide the same service ?
 Three of the discs skipped several times each it was tough to follow along with the story and enjoy the series .
 this is the third sons of anarchy season 3 that i have bought and all three of them freeze up.is this a normal problem for season 3 ?
 I know I did buy the DVD used ... It was a 4 disc set ... the last 2 discs did not work . They skipped were slow and finally stopped . I watched the last 2 discs episodes on Netflixs . Would be skeptical to buy used again.Curt
 When the package came , it was in bubble wrap . When the bubble wrap was removed , there was a cardboard piece that had the picture of Season three that covered the DVD package . The package looked like it was a return or defect . The seals were not in tact . All 4 DVDs skip and get frozen . Buying from this vendor was a very poor decision . I would not recommend
 This dvd was in unbelievably bad condition . It had scratches and pock marks all in it , and was absolutely unwatchable . I am currently deployed in Afghanistan , and the down time I do get , I try to enjoy shows from home , but this product just caused my stress level to increase . I 've ordered many dvd 's through the mail , and this was the first time I received one in this kind of condition . Completely unacceptable .
 One of the discs will not play . product was fine except for that.enjoy the series itself.will order the next season .
 Sons of Anarchy
 Let me say it like this , Super Capers was an embarrasement to all comic book films . This movie was plotless with a bunch of has-been actors . I am so glad this never came out in theatres . . it should not ever be shown on any station that this sucked so bad !!
 This is budget movie , so expecting anything extrodinary would be wrong.Overall , it has a few laughs , but the movie starts to wear thin by the halfway point . By the end I was just thankfull it was over . It was like watching a low budget TV show ; which is really what this movie should have been .
 A movie virtually guaranteed to wind up in the DVD bargain bin in record-setting time , `` Super Capers '' is an indescribably awful attempt at superhero parody . It features a group of inept comic book figures , clad in ill-fitting get-ups , who bumble and stumble their way to victory against a passel of toothless bad guys.The movie 's idea of humor consists mainly of goofy sound effects and corny musical cues playing on the soundtrack , though I suspect that their sole function is to alert us as to when we should be laughing -LRB- there ` s really no other way for us to know , since , unlike a TV sitcom , it does n`t come equipped with its own laugh track -RRB- . Out of respect for any possible careers they may still have ahead of them , the actors shall remain nameless , though Adam West -LRB- TV 's Batman -RRB- , Clint Howard and June Lockhart stop by to show us just how far has-been actors can be forced to lower themselves when there simply are n't any decent roles left for them anymore.At the end , the director of this fiasco , Ray Griggs , thanks the `` directors who inspired '' him during his childhood , namely George Lucas , Steven Spielberg , Robert Zemeckis and Peter Jackson . Sounds like the basis for a good class-action lawsuit , if you ask me .
 I saw this movie advertised on another DVD I recently ordered . I am a huge superhero fan , and thought if I could get this cheap ; I 'd give it a shot . I thought I was lucky when I did get it cheap at Amazon . I was n't . This movie is HORRIBLE ! Though I have wasted enough time merely watching this movie , in the interest of the public good , I decided to spend a little more time here critiquing it with the hope of possibly sparing someone else some viewing agony.AVOID ! AVOID ! AVOID!This movie aspires to be like the recent parody movies `` Epic Movie '' or `` Date Movie '' , only for kids . Those movies stink , but this movie is far far worse a film.Looking at other reviews , I can not believe that some people gave this garbage 5 stars . They must be related to someone in the film or have a stake in the profits . Simply saying `` It 's for kids ! '' does not excuse the poor writing and direction of this nightmarish catastrophe of a film . There are many low budget kids ' films written intelligently that are entertaining . This is not one of them.What makes me so angry is that the film has a good premise . Someone in a costume stops a mugging and is arrested for using overwhelming force . They assume he is a superhero , so they sentence him to become a member of a super team in training to better learn to use his `` powers '' . So much possibility is there . But every single scene is sluggish , awkward and dull . The mediocre special effects of this film -LRB- which are actually not that bad -RRB- could have easily been overcome by better writing and direction , but they are NOT . The director should be banned from Hollywood.The writers ' idea of comedy/parody seems to be lifting entire scenes WORD FOR WORD from well known movies , and then re-creating them in this film , only adding the main characters ' voice over `` Hey , this is familiar ! It 's from ` Return of the Jedi ' , is n't that funny ? '' Umm ... sorry , no it 's not.I feel sorry for the lead actor of this film . The director apparently told him , `` Just say the line with a smile and them mug to the camera , trust me it 's funny . '' and he believed it . It never works , and it is tried over and over and over ... . It 's like they are constantly letting us in on a joke , THAT IS NOT THERE ! ARGH ! No matter how many times ne smiles and mugs , delivering a line from a much better film , it 's not a joke , and it 's never ever EVER funny.I watched this movie alone to make sure that my 7 year old daughter could watch it . Now I refuse to let her see it because she will think I am a moron for buying this piece of garbage . And yes , I watched the whole film through the credits and was never rewarded by any sign of entertainment . To quote a famous doctor `` It 's dead , Jim . `` PLEASE NOTE
 This movie just is n't stupid funny , it is STUPID !!!! Everyone and I mean EVERYONE involved in the making of this movie needs to be dragged out of their houses and horse whipped to an inch of their lives . This movie is so bad it actually ruined the buzz I was on . What a waste ... the buzz that is .
 This movie starts out a little campy and fun . Then just gets stupid.My 9 and 11 year old children thought it was boring .
 ... only the legend . But thats not good enough . When I waited for a sequil to `` The Blair Witch Project '' I was hoping that it would contunue where the first one left off . But Joe Berlinger was so obsessed with realism that in the plot , the original was just merely a movie . Now i just have one question for Joe
 I 'm sorry , but this movie should have never been made . The original was so haunting by itself that it should have been left at that . All this movie does it scream commercialism at you . The producers knew they were in for a quick buck when they made this . But then again , not all sequels are bad , are they ? No . But this one sure is , for a number of reasons :1 . The music is too overpowering . There was a five minute scene where about 8 different songs were played . I 'm sorry , but U.P.O. just do n't scare me . Hell , the whole movie might as well been one big Marilyn Manson video .2 . The characters are cliched . You have the `` I 'm too cool to be here '' Goth-Chick -LRB- I do n't know about you , but all the goths I know love to crank up P.O.D. when they are driving -RRB- , the `` I look like I 'm wasted but there is more to me '' main character , the mis-understood witch , blah blah blah .3 . The acting , oh my god the acting ! How horrible ! The first half hour of this movie I was about ready to turn this off because of the goth chick 's acting alone ! Horrible!This movie pretty much just drags on , going nowhere until the very end where some rather interesting things start to happen , I wo n't ruin the last 30 minutes of it for you , because it is the only good part of the movie that existed.I really hope they do n't make a third Blair Witch movie , this one was bad enough , I really do n't want to see what else they can come up with .
 The original ` Blair Witch Project ' was ground-breaking entertainment , mixing reality-television with 50 's style horror mentality to create a truly unnerving and memorable experience . Anyone who thought that a sequel ... ANY TYPE OF SEQUEL ... to the 1999 blockbuster would be good should be checked into some kind of hospital somewhere and treated for chronic stupidity . ` Blair Witch ' was the kind of film that could not be reproduced or followed-up . It was based on a concept that dictated against it . Any kind of follow-up would be unnecessary since all the damage was done in the first film . Had it not been sequelized , ` Blair Witch ' would have gone down in history as a brilliant shot-in-the-dark . But leave it to Hollywood to ruin things . Here we have ` Book Of Shadows ' a movie which not only hurts the good name of the first film but also does not feature a book of shadows . The film concerns a tour group lead into the Black Woods of Maryland in search of the Blair Witch . They encounter another tour group and a rather unconvincing fight ensues . When the morning comes they can not recall what happened to them the night before . Their campsite is destroyed , camera smashed , paper strewn everywhere . They simply have no idea what happened to them . The rest of the film follows them as they try and piece together what happened to them by watching the footage from their cameras . It 's an intriguing concept weighed down by stupid dialog and predictable characters -LRB- right down to the one psychic goth chick whose role in the film is simply to progress it when the writer gets stuck ie . ` What do we do ? ' GOTH CHICK
 ... they actually came back and made a sequel !! Yikes!From A to Z , this movie is : Abominable,Boring,Crummy,Dumb,Execrable,Frightful,Godawful,Horrible,Idiotic,Junk,Kitsch,Loathsome,Mindless,Nauseating,Obnoxious,Pathetic,Quatsch,Revolting,Stupid,Terrible,Unbearable,Vomitous,Wasted,X-cruciating -LRB- okay , I cheated there -RRB- ; and just plainYucky ... so drop the popcorn andZoom to the nearest exit.Judy Lind
 ... but Blair Witch 2 is an atrocious movie . The sad part is , it could have been so much better ; and if director Joe Berlinger is to be believed , it would have been if it had remained under his control . The story goes that he was pressured -LRB- read `` forced '' -RRB- by the studio to add in scenes of gore and nudity that clashed with his vision in a misguided attempt to make the movie more profitable ; I feel bad for the guy , but whatever the reason , the movie is just horrible , no two ways about it . Blair Witch 2 retains little if any of the Blair Witch mythology of the original movie , and next to none of the suspense . The one and only conceit that 's even remotely clever , that of having the characters share their names with the actors who play them in an homage to the original , gets old really fast ; unlike the first Blair Witch , where the actors were ad-libbing everything and therefore would want to use their real names to maintain the realism , the sequel is an obvious work of fiction , so what 's the point?Which is n't to say that the movie is a complete loss . The twist ending is clever , or at least it would have been in a different movie ; the score is n't half bad , aside from the Marilyn Manson song at the very beginning -LRB- `` Disposable Teens '' might make sense in this context , except all of the actors are obviously at least 20 years old -RRB- , and the goth chick is fairly entertaining . There 's even a few in-jokes about the original film here and there . Unfortunately , if you combined all of these things into a movie in their own right , you 'd end up with an eight-minute-long film.I 've read that Mr. Berlinger had never directed a feature film before , and has vowed to never attempt it again . Ca n't say I blame him . Unless you 're a die-hard completist or you 're feeling particularly guilty about something and looking for a way to flagellate yourself cinematically , avoid this movie in any way that you can.The DVD has a few extras , notably a mini-feature explaining the concept or `` Esrever . '' -LRB- It 's `` Reverse '' backwards . Get it ? Now that you got it , do you really want it ? Did n't think so . -RRB- It 's a little hazy , but the idea is that every so often , something about what 's on screen -- usually something in the background -- will change in some subtle way , and the viewer is supposed to spot these and be consumed by the warm fuzzies at their own cleverness , I guess . Since none of them have any real bearing on the plot , there 's not much point except to kill an afternoon .
 this in name only sequel to the hit blair witch movies is the pits . the only good thing about it is they did try to make a different kind of film from the first.but having said that , that is the only good thing . the plot is a mess and the cast really gets on your nerves . the story about a group of kids taking a tour of the sites of the first movie and finding themselves in over their heads after a night where they ca n't remember what they did or how their campsite got torn up is very thin -LRB- i spoted the `` twist '' 5 mins . after it started -RRB- and it never gets you to belive in the story ! SKIP IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The one star I give this `` film '' goes to the first Blair Witch , NOT this one ! This film is almost not worth the time spent watching it ! If you liked the first one like I did , then do it and yourself a favour , DO N'T SEE IT !
 If you 're a fan of the original Blair Witch Project , please do n't bother ruining your day by watching this one . It 's just a waste of money for the producers . I really ca n't believe that someone can ruin this great idea that we see in the original . The original idea of filming only from the character 's point of view is almost complitely lost ; and even the scenes where we see this technique , it 's so stupidly filmed . And what 's with all these naked scenes ; we never saw them in the original and it was still great , because we actually did n't care about the sex , but about the fact that we were scared of something that we could n't see or touch . During the film , and after that -LRB- for days in my case -RRB- I was scared to go out alone at night , and I 'm living near a wood , so imagina my fear ... As a conclusion I just want to say that if you really want to see Book of Shadows - Blair Witch 2 , you should do it . You 'll see some of the techniques used in Memento and Blair Witch Project , but actually it 's not something that you can waste around hour and a half of your life for.Apologise to those who may feel offended by this review , but this is my point of view .
 YES I TOO WAS FASCINATED WITH THE BLAIR WITCH MOVIE BECAUSE IT WAS A CHANGE IN SCARY MOVIES WHICH ONLY GETS YOU THE FIRST TIME AROUND . THE CHARACTERS WERE EXCELLENT LED BY HEATHER DONOHUE . SO I WANTED TO SEE THE SECOND . I WAS BORDERLINE JUST LIKE SOME OF YOU TOO SEE IT . THEN I TALKED TO SOME OF THE CHARACTERS ON A LIVE WEB CAM FOR BLAIR WITCH 2 . I ASKED THEM SOME QUESTIONS LIKE HOW SCARY IS THE FILM . IS IT SCARY THAN THE FIRST , THEY SAID YES ! ANSWER IS NO THIS FILM IS NOT SCARY AT ALL , THERE WAS SO MUCH YOU COULD DO WITH THIS FILM , AND BOOK OF SHADOWS THERE WAS N'T REALLY A BOOK OF SHADOWS OR THE BLAIR WITCH INVOLVED AT ALL . THE ENDING WAS CHEESY AS HELL , IT JUST MADE YOU WALK OUT OF THE THEATER SAYING '' WHY THE HELL DID I PAY FOR THIS ? '' AND THE CHARACTERS LED BY JEFFREY DONOVAN DID N'T HAVE THE SAME DAZZLE AS THE OTHERS . BUT OVERALL THE MOVIE COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER AND SCARIER AND WE CAN ONLY HOPE THAT THE THIRD FILM WHICH IS A PREQUEL WILL BE DONE THE RIGHT WAY AND FOLLOW THE STORYLINE !
 anyone who likes this sequal -LRB- i do n't even consider it a sequal to BWP -RRB- is mentally retarded ... or just like crappy movies .
 Five twenty-somethings go to the woods to have a party . They smoke some bad grass and drink too much alcohol . They have a bad trip , kill some bystanders and a few of their own . They sober up the next morning and face the stern gaze of authority.Basically , this movie is a long anti-drug message . During the overlong passage between the start of the party and the dry-out , nothing you see actually happens.Why film it at all ? -LRB- I give this film two stars because The Haunting -LRB- with Liam Niesson -RRB- is actually much , much worse -RRB-
 I 'll be short and sweet about this movie .1 . It had nothing to do with the first movie .2 . The acting was shall we say -LRB- poor -RRB- .3 . The film quality was terrible!I know Blair Witch 3 will be better ! Let 's hope they take it back to the original story line .
 I ca n't write a proper review of this film because I refused to finish it . It takes a lot to get me to pull the trigger on a horror movie in mid-play , but that threshold was met and exceeded by the BOOK OF SHADOWS
 This movie was awful ! It was boring , the acting was bad , and it was completely confusing ! They barley mentioned the blair witch and it did not follow the first !!! I loved the first and thought it was really creepy ! This , not so much . I would avoid if i were you .
 here we are to rate this sort of horror film.is this a horror film?or better ... is this a film?i do n't think so cos everything is just so bad made that the movie can only make laugh!believe me when i say it 's no reasons to be seen ... if u wan na have a nice time u 'd better go buying something else such as a comedy ... do n't u ? 1 star is just too much ...
 I thought I would go back and see if this movie is as horrible as I remember it being . It is . I can only hope that few other people have had the misfortune of seeing this celluloid monstrosity twice . One is hard pressed to say which is worse-the overdramatic acting or the hopeless script . The promos promised to take us back into the woods , but we spend almost the whole movie knocking around an old abandoned warehouse converted into a home by the local psycho . The four people making up the Blair Witch tour group are possibly even more annoying than the guide-a spooky-looking Goth girl with an attitude , a disbelieving writer and his seriously disturbed , recently impregnated girlfriend , and a hot redheaded Wiccan whose nude scenes are the only positive contribution any one makes to this film . Then there is the constantly fuming Sheriff Craven yelling and cursing all the time , adding even more misery to the experience of the viewer . The frequent time shifts between past and present serve only to make a nonsensical plot completely incomprehensible . Do n't count on a big finish ; this thing just ends suddenly , as if the filmmakers ran out of money and had to shut down production all of a sudden.This DVD does feature a bunch of special features , but so did the Titanic , and we all know how that journey turned out . The most important thing to keep in mind about this film is the fact that , despite its promises , it really has nothing to do with the Blair Witch . Oh , they talk about her and show us Coffin Rock and the foundation of Parr 's house and a few ghostly images of children , but The Book of Shadows does little more than parody everything that was so fascinating and innovative about the Blair Witch Project . Thanks to Heather , Josh , and Michael 's incredible , unscripted performance in the original , the legend of the Blair Witch may indeed never die-this will only be despite the determined attempt made to kill it by the makers of this atrocious sequel .
 When I first heard about about a Blair Witch sequel , I thought why ? Here was this little indy movie , that made a ton of cash , was the water-cooler talk for the better part of a year , and was a truly unique film . Why try to top , or equal that ? Of course , Hollywood saw a possible cash cow and a big studio jumped in and tainted the Blair Witch name . Now , I have to give the sequel credit in that it did n't just throw another group of kids into the woods and rehash the story from part one . The idea of Book of Shadows is actually a neat idea , but the execution of that idea was horrible . First of all , we are presented with such an annoying group of people to follow in Book of Shadows , I am immediately ready for the killing to begin . Seriously , I was praying Jason would come stumbling out of the woods with his hockey mask and machete to hasten the demise of this cast of characters that no one could relate to . The special effects get ramped up right along with the volume of the soundtrack , and I guess the producer hoped you would n't notice the bad acting and lack of story ?? I see this movie is listed at under $ 2 used here on Amazon ... Is it worth it ? Not really , if you are like me and enjoy watching crappy movies now and again -LRB- Texas Chainsaw Massacre The Next Generation anyone ? -RRB- then pick it up , but be warned ... this could be one of those movies where in six months you may ask yourself `` Was it really that bad ? '' , pull it out to see and doom yourself to another wasted evening !!
 Terrible . Absolutely terrible . The Blair Witch Project was amazing and one of the best horror films in years . This travesty of a film is confusing -LRB- deep - I do n't think so -RRB- with such stereo typed `` cast '' that I really wanted them all to get killed - violently - in the first 5 minutes . I would n't recommend this even to people I disliked and am now trying to erase it from my memory - you have been warned !
 I saw this movie expecting the worst , and sadly , that 's exactly what I got -LRB- perhaps even worse -RRB- . Being a BIG fan of the original `` Blair Witch Project '' it 's terrible to watch this and witness how they exploited such an original and compelling idea . The only part I enjoyed would have to be the opening 10 minutes where the film shows the hype of the original , however from there it quickly becomes b-grade trash . How many times does a character really need to say `` That 's impossible !! '' ?? The actors are annoying , the violence is too obligitory to be disturbing or creepy , and the plot is just too confusing to even bother trying to figure out . And what is with that pathetic Scream-esque ending ?? `` You 're the witch !! `` Wait for it to be the $ 1 weekly at your video shop -LRB- even then just go for `` Battlefield Earth '' -RRB- .
 This movie should not even have been made . It stunk to high heaven . It is unworthy of being called a sequel as well as a part of the blair witch phenomenia . The acting was poor , the plot made absolutely no sense , especially since there was no shred of info about the blair witch with the exception of the girl freaking out at the end . It was n't worth seeing in the movie and a definite waste of money to rent . I think I will stick with blair witch project and the books , to chuck this tape in the garbage .
 Look , the first movie was scary in its own creative way . This movie is not scary -- it is boring . There is a very annoying Wiccan girl that never shuts up about being a Wiccan . The movie is very disjointed and difficult to follow at times . The plot is so hollow and uninteresting that it seems like the script was written by a couple of high-schoolers working on a project for media class . I do think that the cover of the box is very cool , though .
 Is this really a sequel ? I thought the original was nothing special . The main characters were so insensitive with their self assured arrogance I do not see how anyone could have cared what happened to them . So why make a sequel . However it does not even look like a sequel . It looks more like a spin-off of a mediocre TV show . Just change the channel please .
 To say this movie was a disappointment would be a colossal understatement . Truthfully , I did n't hold high hopes going into it but I 've been surprised before . Needless to say `` Blair Witch 2 '' was not one of those scenarios.My reasons for having faith in a sequel were the amazing legacy of its predecessor `` The Blair Witch Project '' and the news that documentarian Joe Berlinger would direct this time around . Outside of those two things , however , the outlook looked pretty bleak . That 's the one area in which this movie did n't disappoint.What 's so bad about this movie ? Answer
 It would have been really nice if the sequel-makers out there had just left The Blair Witch Project alone . Then I would n't have had to sit through this confusing , unintelligent pile of junk when I could of spent my time watching valuable films . The film does have some visual value , but not even close enough to save the movie . The acting is not top class , the film is horribly directed and the scripting is awful . It 's really difficult to come up with a worse way to sequelize such a fantastic film . This movie does not have the eerie feeling or the after-viewing effect as The Blair Witch Project did , and with movies like that , both of those have to be there , or you 'll end up with a lifeless , useless , sod of a film . It will be forever remembered as Book of Poo
 Blair Witch 2 is the antithesis of everything that made Blair Witch 1 so great .
 I 'm so confused by these other reviews . How does this movie possibly get more than 1 star ? I am easily scared by horror movies -LRB- especially psychological ones -RRB- but I just laughed the whole way through Book of Shadows.The most important plot point is the `` mysterious '' missing time in the woods . Nobody seems to realize that the most likely explanation is falling asleep or blacking out . They consumed more alcohol than they could have possibly brought with them and smoked who knows how much weed . I was more concerned with their lack of hangovers than their missing time.The acting ... meh.The owl ... delicious.The plot is just ... sad . It made me so sad . Well , it made me laugh , a lot , but as a horror movie it 's just sad . Things like Erica in the closet magically standing straight up and then being easily turned around and then later , Jeff dragging her body into the closet naked ... why ? The constant switching between the past and present did n't really add anything to the story and seemed pointless most of the time . My favorite was when Kim looked at her arm in the mirror and the cop came in and ... that was it . Nothing else happened . What was the point of that 30 seconds ? The sheriff is just ridiculous and impossible to take seriously , and the kids in the road that Kim swerves to avoid look like they applied the makeup themselves.According to fans of the movie , everything happens because the witch has possessed the gang and is controlling their actions . I guess I just was n't digging the witch .
 The movie was not the problem , I loved the movie , that 's why I bought it ... here is the problem ... the DVD was from a differentr zone , so therefore WOULD NOT PLAY in any of my 4 American DVDF or BluRay players !!! Nowhere in the listing did it even offer a hint that this was a foriegn copy , luckily I have an international player in my laptop ...
 Nothing more than a ripoff of the name . I 'm so sorry I wasted my time . The music is terrible , the acting is bad and it is boring to boot .
 What 's wrong with this film ? I ca n't count all the ways . The title of this film is book of shadows , misleading since said book never appears or is mentioned in the film . Makes no sense , but then very little else does here . It is mindboggling to try and keep track of all the plot holes.Everything about this film is crude and overdone , from the characters to the direction . A favorite effect of the director is to quickly cut from the present to some weird , spooky imagery , but this effect is so overused -LRB- nearly every minute of the film , no exageration -RRB- that it loses any impact and quickly becomes tiresome.The characters are all relentlessly obnoxious , one dimensional stereotypes . The dialogue is laughably banal , especially that of the townspeople and the redneck sherrif . Is this the way people from L.A. think small town New Englanders look and act ? At times I had to wonder if the filmmakers were trying for a campy film . Probably not . In the end , that is probably the best way to enjoy this movie , as unintentional comedy.No , I did n't want them to remake the first blair witch . In fact I 'm glad they tried to do something different here . I liked the premise of this film , but it just did n't go anywhere.Still , that redheaded Wiccan was pretty hot . I give this film an extra half a star , just for her .
 The first time I saw `` The Blair Witch Project '' , I was very impressed notwithstanding its obvious limitations . I cautiously approached `` Book of Shadows - Blair Witch 2 '' with some optimism , but was thoroughly disappointed in what is basically a thorough failure of a so called horror movie . While not a bad idea , the sequel to the original `` Blair Witch '' story was poorly executed and basically , as many of the other reviewers noted , nothing significant seems to happen in this movie , other than a bunch of absolutely ridiculous teenagers/20 somethings acting like complete and total morons.Frankly , `` Book of Shadows - Blair Witch 2 '' is really nothing but pure rubbish ... you got a bunch of stupid kids acting absolutely ridiculous in the woods where the Blair Witch used to inhabit , and at some point during the night , things happened that the group of idiot kids were unaware of completely . The rest of the movie involves a lot of paranioa and even more stupidity as these fools try to investigate what actually happened that night . The acting is poor and the directing is atrocious . The result is a terrible movie with a poorly executed script and characters which are completely unsympathetic . Stay away from this trash would be my recommendation to all serious horror movie fans .
 Wow ... I never thought a movie could be this bad . I sure know how to pick 'em . Do n't EVER get this . Heed the warnings . .
 This movie was just horrible ! None of the horror and frights of the original , just a bunch of weird , mind-distorting imagery . I did n't get it.I intensely disliked the way the movie harped on the strictly fictional quality of its predecessor . The greatest beauty of THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT lay in its simulated real-life qualities . BLAIR WITCH 2 completely debunked this aspect of the first movie , which I think stole a lot of the first movie 's thunder .
 I found myself fast forwarding through much of the first movie -LRB- I found it boring and stupid -RRB- . At least this movie made an attempt at a plot . But this movie was overdone and was only entertaining from a `` campy '' -LRB- funny -RRB- point of view .
 It was an OK movie . I 've seen much better horror films . This one had only a couple of scenes that made me jump and only a few scenes with special effects which is disappointing . I can see why critics give it a poor rating because it can be lagging in some parts . There is no plot and they could have made it more exciting . I preferred the first Blair Witch to this one . The ending of this movie is extremely disappointing . Rent it but do n't buy it .
 I made the mistake of seeing the movie at the theater . I made my second mistake renting the DVD to if there was anything to redeem this awful movie . NOPE ! Listened to the Joe Berlinger -LRB- director/writer ? -RRB- commentary . The man has a very high opinion of himself . For fun , keep a scorecard on how many times he says documentary , handheld , or Paradise Lost . Why did they let someone who does not understand the first movie make the sequel ? He felt the first movie was wrong for trying to fool people into thinking it was real . CLUE !!! That is what was so great about it . That it did fool people . How easily people can be fooled and accept things without really thinking . But , he loves when a movie has various realities . -LRB- Movies he brought up were The Shining , Jacob 's Ladder - This should tell you something right there . -RRB- Joe , your movie is bad because it makes no sense . Do us all a favor , next time you are offered to do a movie , go make Paradise Lost 3 instead .
 ... only the legend . But thats not good enough . When I waited for a sequil to `` The Blair Witch Project '' I was hoping that it would contunue where the first one left off . But Joe Berlinger was so obsessed with realism that in the plot , the original was just merely a movie . Now i just have one question for Joe
 I went to see this and I thought it was pretty bad . Then I watched some other recent movies and realized , well all in all it was not that bad . The story is ok , the acting is TERRIBLE . I would not let young children see this film because parts of it are disturbing . I really do not know how to review it because it was not great and not awful . . somewhat mediocre . If you love horror movies , watch it . If you do n't , avoid it at all costs .
 You 'll like this movie a lot if you 're the kind of person who likes really dumb movies . However , if you 're not the kind of person who likes really dumb movies , then you 'll think this is one of the worst movies in the history of cinema . I happen to fall in to the later category because I 'm not the kind of person who likes really dumb movies .
 i enjoyed the first blair witch movie . i heard the bad reviews this movie received but still wanted to stay open minded about it and see it . i made a terrible mistake . this movie is horrific . it is pointless . after viewing this or forbid purchasing it , you will wish you had listened to everyone and stayed away from it . it picks up on five people hiking into the woods where the blair witch movie took place to get a first hand experience of the place . for an unexplained reason they begin to go out of their minds and halucinate . why ? this is explained to the extent of `` something from the woods is with us '' . the second blair witch movie could have been so much more . it should have explained what happened in the first or been a stand alone story that would be as enjoyable as the first but is neither ! again , it is a pointless story of five campers wanting to retrace the steps of the original three.the dvd has some of the usual features , trailer , cast info and cd soundtrack . infinite features coud be added to this disk , however i believe nothing could save such a terrible movie.i give this movie the minimum one star . DO NOT BUY , DO NOT RENT !
 Book of Shadows is not a great movie and it barely borders on being an ok movie . It does play nicely with the original , which was not all that great to begin with . The characters of this poorly written film go to the woods where the first one took place , only to fall victim to the witch herself . There is actually more story in the special that aired on Sci-Fi -LRB- when the first film was released -RRB- than either of the two films . I do n't know which is to blame for the poor acting , the writing , the director or the actors . The only one who shows any potenial to have a job after this film is Kim Director , who plays the gothic Kim . The performaces actually invoke un-intentional laughter . The story is very faulted . The biggest fault , and once you see the film you 'll understand , is all the video tapes where buried under the rocks , but yet they SHOW the tapes being buried . Who was filming all of the characters during their missing time ??? The directing was ok , but showed little creativity . If you rent it , have your expectations really low . Hopefully they will try to make the third one a little bit better . But then anything seems to be an improvement over this one .
 I will make this review short.This film is worse than battlefield -LRB- absolutely vile and abismal , spit , spit , spit , curses , curses , curses -RRB- earthnuff saidp.s that owl stil haunts my dreams .
 I was so dissapointed by this mess , it starts out strong with an energy filled intro to the dumb kids who go on a trip to the woods they could have taken themselves for free , but decide to pay some fruit cake they havent even seen on a blair witch web site.To make a long story short , you know the creators should have been beaten with a baseball bat when they put the characters in an abandoned broom factory.plus the only way they THINK they find out what happens to them after they blackout is on video that they have to watch backwards ?!? How in the world you screw up a movie like this i will never know ...
 This is definately the worst movie I saw all year , except for Ghost Dog
 There is no `` Book of Shadows '' to be found in this fast and cheap mistake . While the first film was highly overrated , this one received far more attention than it deserved . The result are incomplete ideas and a misleading title . Pray this mediocre effort kills the series . And if you have enough time to rewind through this mess to find the `` hidden '' stuff mentioned in the mockumentary `` Esrever , '' then you need to go outside and find some friends .
 I heard all the reviews and though `` How bad could this movie really be ? '' BW was such a success and BW2 was really something I looked forward to seeing . Well let me tell you - BW2 is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.Talk about misguided !!! This is clear proof that some movies do not warrant a sequel . The acting in this movie is horrible and the writing is straight out of junior high . If you must watch this film , please know that is has little to do with it 's predecessor . In fact , little mention is even given to the first film . Can I give negative stars ? If only I could !
 How dare Berlinger destroy the wonderful and imaginagtive worldof Blair Witch with this ... piece of ... . Feeding off his previous overrated documentaries , and mocking the people he allegedly supported - he manages to ruin a franchise , embarass fans of the original BWP and justify those who backlashed the amazingly refreshing and original first film . I will buy this DVD if only to hear him apoligize for Book of Shadows . -LRB- Yeah , I do n't know what the Book of Shadows was either - maybe he saw an episode of ` Charmed ' before pulling this movie out of his nethers . -RRB-
 I could not even finish watching it . Nothing like the original . This movie was a bit ridiculous . Especially the scene at the cementary I thought it was some kids celebrating Halloween . Not good
 I was in the crowd that loved the original Blair Witch film . It was original and pretty creepy , if you get into it . Here we have what the first film was n't
 I dont even know where to begin ! First off , I am shocked that there are actually good reviews for this movie ... these people must be related to the makers or actors of the film ! This Film was By Far One Of The Worst Films I have EVER Seen ! This will go down in Film History as one of the worst sequels of all time , This film makes Exorcist II look like Casablanca ! Even though the acting was bad , these poor actors didnt really stand a chance with such a poor script . This movie made no sense and went nowhere ! This film hardly had anything to do with the first film with the exception of some dead ghostly children running around ! It looked to me like the director finished shooting half the film and just didnt know where to turn so he just threw anything up there hoping that it would stick ! It stuck allright , to the pit of my stomach ! If you are a fan of the First Blair Witch and are tempted to see this , Trust me , DONT ! Keep your fond memories of the first film because that was a classic and so well done ! I was actually angry after watching this mess . I was mad because this was a Missed Opportunity ! What A Shame ... . DING DONG , THIS WITCH IS DEAD !
 So a guy wants to make some quick cash off of the hype of the `` Blair Witch Project '' , a guy decides to open a `` Blair Witch Hunt '' and have people pay to visit locations from the original movie and to also see if they can find the infamous ghost . A group of college students decides to go on said tour , they end up at a house where they camp for the night . In the morning they all realize they did n't sleep at all , ca n't remember what happened and decide to head back to town , but it becomes obvious something has followed them.These unknown events are revisited when looking at footage taken by cameras from that night and what they and we see makes no sense and is n't even in the least bit scary or terrifying . I remember just shaking my head watching it , not sure what was going on but I knew I did n't need to care . Jeffrey Donovan -LRB- TV 's `` Burn Notice '' -RRB- is in this as are a couple of beautiful women Erica Leershen -LRB- `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' -RRB- and Kim Director -LRB- `` Inside Man '' -RRB- , but there 's not one shred of decent acting or plot in this.I did n't expect much from the movie to begin with , but even with massively lowered expectations its hard not to want to see this flick end and for everyone to just umm ... . die . Not one likeable character or anyone to root for . 1/2 out of 4 stars .
 I love the first thirty minutes of this movie . I like the characters , the feel of things , the way the story is developing and the constant use of the soundtrack . Then , as the movie winds its way into `` scare '' mode , things start to stall and finally come to a screeching halt . But back to the good points . Kim Director is excellent as `` Kim Diamond '' the goth empath . I also liked Erika Leerhsen as overbearing `` Wiccan Hottie '' and Jeffery Donovan as the slightly crazy Jeff Patterson -LRB- In an homage to the first Blair Witch , the main characters have the same names as the actors portraying them -RRB- . Tristan Skyler and Stephen B. Turner have taken a lot of flack on here for their portrayals of a researcher and his fiance , but they do the best with what they are given
 I thought the first Blair Witch Project was an exception film . This movie here , it is not exceptional . In fact , I think the word ` disgraceful ' is much more fitting . I 'm not usually one to come down hard on movies , as I at least appreciate the effort ... Usually ! This film has No originality , an atrocious ` story-line ' , and is just all a round dumb . It 's something conjured up to cash in on the success of the first Blair Witch . Yeah , I know sequels usually do suck and all , but I have n't been this disappointed by a film in a long while . I can?t find anything redeemable at all about The Book of Shadows
 Where did it all go wrong ? I dunno ... I was really looking forward to this film seeing that I loved the original and it creeped the bejeezus out of me ... So , the 2nd one has to be at least a little bit good , right right ? Wrong-o ! Man , I tell you , this has got to be not only one of the worst horror films of all time , but yes , one of the worst films in general of all time too . Yup , it 's that bad . Where 's the scares ? Where 's the atmosphere ? ... I 'd even settle for ... jumps ... But where are they ? Well they 're not in this ridiculous excuse for a moving picture . I 'm convinced that this is some guy 's idea of a practical joke ... Trying to make a sequel in the real world following in the footsteps of the characters of the first movie ... So we 're like watching a movie in a movie ... Just go watch the first one again ...
 I guess maybe the whole thing worked in theory , but when they fleshed this movie out , the end result was a failure . It seemed as though the writers and director went for the whole `` watch the movie and draw your own conclusions about what was really happened '' angle , like in the movie `` Total Recall . '' One conclusion would be that the group had fed off of each other 's obsessions with the `` legend , '' and some sort of mass hysteria caused them to commit murders which they later blocked out of their memory . The other conclusion , of course , is that the Blair Witch possessed Tristen and manipulated the minds of the group and caused other supernatural stuff to happen . The problem is that no matter which scenario you choose to accept as the explanation for what was really going on , the end result is still the same , a bad friggin ' movie with ... poor acting and characters you could -LSB- care -RSB- less about . I mean really , the guy who plays the role of the detective has to be , beyond a shadow of a doubt , the worst actor in the United States of America , bar none ! He looked and sounded like he came right out of an episode of Scooby Doo or something . And do n't even get me started on Erica 's character . The only one who did n't completely overdue her role was Kim Director -LRB- and Kurt Loder -RRB- . I hope she 's the only one to go on and have a career from this . I thought the hidden images thing in the DVD was kind of tacky , but it did give the viewer something extra to do while watching the film -LRB- because god knows the acting 's not going to hold your interest -RRB- as well as give it some replay value . I did n't much care that it did n't have anything to do with the first Blair Witch movie , other than make reference to it as a movie . In fact , I 'm glad it did n't , because it would have tainted it by association . I gave it 2 stars because I can see what they were trying to do with it , and if they had pulled it off it would have been a pretty darn good addition to the franchise . But Sadly , poor dialogue and even worse acting ruined this objective . I would rather have seen a movie about what happened to Ellie , set in the 18th century -LRB- or whatever century she supposedly lived -RRB- and then another sequel -LRB- or prequel -RRB- about Rustin Parr . That would have made a good trilogy .
 This movie is the stupidest movie ever made in movie history.This movie has everything that can be bad.Bad script , Bad acting , Bad lightning , Bad cast , Bad characters.Don ' t watch , see , or even be near this trash .
 The first movie was like reality , but this one really stunk , and was weak.The plot needed more work , and the horror needs to be more scarier.Don ' t rent , see , or buy this trash .
 They took something that made sense and made it into something that made absolutely no sense whatsoever . When I watched the first movie in theaters , it stayed with me for days . I was totally creeped out by the experience . This movie did not have the same effect on me . The acting is second rate and the characters come off as trite and cliched . A horror film is supposed to at least do one of three things
 What the hell happened here ? I enjoyed the first Blair Witch but this sequel is just about fans of the first Blair Witch movie hanging out of the area where the first movie was filmed . Boy what a waste of money . It 's a very good thing I did n't see this in theaters because I would have fallen asleep . When I saw the first Blair Witch in the theater I wanted to know what really happened right after they got stuck in that creepy house at the end of the movie . I wanted this sequel to be about those missing kids in the woods not about fans who want to find out what happpened to them . This sequel made me really disappointed please do n't waste your money ! If you want to see a good horror flick go rent Disturbing Behavior stay away from this one !
 Sequels have become a given in the last 20 years . A look at a list of the top-grossing movies shows that perhaps seventy percent of them have either spawned a sequel or are themselves sequels . So when the ultra low budget &#65533; The Blair Witch Project &#65533; became a smash hit , another movie on the subject became inevitable . Since a follow up movie is usually a retread by default , few people expect it to be as good as the original.What surprised many folks was just how bad a sequel &#65533; Book of Shadows &#65533; is . -LSB- By the way , there IS no book of shadows in the movie -RSB- . It begins as a promising mockumentary and looks as if it is going to be a satire of the original . It quickly fades into a predictable , by-the-numbers horror movie . At times it seems as if it has something it is trying to say , but any message is muddled by its confused editing and script . Example
 I loved the first Blair Witch Project . Now , what happened to this movie ? I am so glad I did not go to the theatre to see this sequel -LRB- how can this actually be called a sequel ? -RRB- . I rented it and I also saw why this movie did not create such buzz as the first movie . I thought this movie seemed to mainstream and aimed towards teens like your average teen horror . I felt like it took away from the power of the first blair witch . It just seemed so out of place and not as believable as the first one . If you loved the first blair with project , chances are you might now like this one , or if you are a serious die-hard fan , you may like it . If you did n't like the first blair witch project , you may think this one is either better or much more worse . I liked the first one and thought this one was a whole lot worse . Watch at your own risk .
 This is a good example of Hollywood taking a successful cult film and making a sequel that does n't have any of the attributes that made the original so good . It 's also a good example of Hollywood throwing a lot of money at a project without earmarking some of it for a decent script . Did the filmmakers get greedy or lazy ? It 's hard to tell . Probably both . Instead of rehashing what was bad about it , I 'll tell you the one good thing about it
 Ok first off I loved the first film `` The Blair Witch Project `` It wasent the scariest movie of all time but its up there . `` The Book of Shadows `` is probably the worst sequal ever thought up.The story line was weak , the actors wer n't all great , and the ending was pretty dissapointing.This was just your average horror movie with out the stupid serial killer.I think the creators TRIED to keep it to the original some what but they dident do a great job at it.Mentioning Koffin Rock , keeping the casts real names , talking about the first movie , and having SOME scenes with a video camera was the only thing that reminded you that you were watching something related to the Blair Witch.Most of the movie they werent even in the woods!They were all just hanging around some guys ' `` house '' . There is one thing I liked about this movie , the very begining , the little thing at the end of the movie , and the flashing scenes and how it came together in the end.Even though it wasent that impressive.The movie it self wasent scary , just weird.They should have never made a sequal.They dident need too . `` The Blair Witch Project '' was a new classic.I remember people questioning if it was real , going to the movies and being more scared before the movie even started . But this is like a laugh in your face pure bred Hollywood peice of nothing.This movie almost ruined my love for `` The Blair Witch Project '' I dident know there were stupid enough people out there who could have thought of something this bad up.I recommend NOT seeing this movie if you are a Blair Witch fan.If you are craving for more Blair Witch fun buy `` The Curse Of The Blair Witch `` it was a documentry for the Sci-Fi channel but it makes everyone belive the Blair Witch could exist , unlike this so called Blair Witch 2 .
 `` The Blair Witch Project '' owes a lot to its manipulative marketing scam -LRB- a scam that sadly worked due to the lack of Wikipedia in the early internet age -RRB- , and while it is very overrated in retrospect , it does have certain merits . It had good atmosphere with natural sounds , it relied on what it does n't show the audience to scare them , and it was nice touch that each camera are shot differently due to color and contrast ; for better or worse , the faux-shockumentary had verisimilitude . Bad news comes to play when the people who were not involved in the first movie and made a sequel that went completely in the wrong direction . `` Book of Shadows
 Book of Shadows does not make any sense . No , it 's not that I 'm so dumb I can not understand it , it 's actually that the film is so simple in it 's conflictions that I am surprised everyone else has n't seen right through it.Showing slight promise in the early scenes where mockumentary seems to taken to a higher , more sophisticated level than the first , the film quickly collapses into stupidness after about 30 minutes of mildly effective mystery.Basically , 5 idiots -LRB- one of them with a basketball sized goiter on his neck -RRB- try to figure out why the whole world went nuts over BWP back in 1999 , rather than if the BW really exists or not . 2 of them are writing a book on mass hysteria , one is a tour guide with a dodgy -LRB- and totally unexplained -RRB- past , the other a witch , the other a Goth -LRB- ? -RRB- . After spending the night in the ruins of Rustin Parr 's house they awake to find their camera 's destroyed and their paperwork shredded . Was it the Blair Witch ? Hardly , she 's not real . Right ? Do n't look at me for answers , the film does n't contain any . In hoping that the audience would rather be confused than bored , any old crap is thrown at us to keep us in the dark.The original film was excused for this . It was a low budget independent movie and NOT a Hollywood film . BW2 IS a Hollywood film and fails on every basic level . Even the tiny , tiny irony in being called Book of Shadows , I believe , is a fluke/coincidence . Any other attempt at irony is purely textbook . Ooohhh mass hysteria!And if the Blair Witch IS N'T real -LRB- as this film repeatedly states -RRB- why are their physical impossibilities taking place ? Why do they all go mad -LRB- mass hysteria my ass -RRB- ? Why , if they are naked , do they conveniently have underwear on when it comes to frontal shots , but take them off for any other angle ? What 's the deal with tour guide dude 's past?It 's all trash and all pointless . A cheap , quick cash-in and a total insult to the honesty and simplicity of the original.I paid 36p for this!The DVD is in 1.85:1 anamorphic widescreen and Dolby 5.1 with some rubbish extras .
 Where do I begin ? This movie has so many problems I 'm still reeling from the sheer badness of it , so I 'll just cover the most glaring.First off , this movie does the twentysomething alternative/underground crowd no favors , portraying every one of them as an annoying , abrasive , irresponsible fool . Every one of them -- from the cookie-cutter `` goth '' chick who looks like she took Daddy 's credit card to the Hot Topic at your local mall , to the book-banging revisionist `` Wiccan '' chick who spends every other line whining about how how ignorant the rest of us are for misunderstanding `` her kind '' -LRB- did she ever stop to consider the Blair Witch might have * really * been evil to begin with ? -RRB- , to the pregnant girl who knowingly & willingly exposes her unborn child to drugs & alcohol -LRB- hmm , maybe she was * trying * to induce a miscarriage -- commendable behavior in any case -RRB- , her alternately pushy/smothering boyfriend , and the doofus-opportunist criminal tour guide fresh out of the asylum -LRB- & probably too soon -RRB- -- have virtually no redeeming value as characters & so you feel no empathy for them or their plight -LRB- though from the tone of other reviews here , the goth & Wiccan are seen as `` kewl '' simply because a -RRB- they 're attractive females , and b -RRB- represent trendy subject matter for teens and young adults , no matter that both portrayals are badly off-the-mark -RRB- . The film shows them all carelessly partying it up rather than paying attention to what 's going on around them , then wondering why they all `` fell asleep & ca n't remember . '' -LRB- Gee , I wonder ... -RRB- Pitting them against a cartoonishly over-the-top , Yosemite Sam caricature of a narrow-minded small-town sheriff only heightens the stupidity of it all.Then there 's the cinematography
 I have just experienced the most horrifying tragedy of my entire life . It 's called Blair Witch 2 . There is no story , no acting , no `` book of shadows , '' -- not even a Blair Witch . This sequel , to one of the most original films in years , jumps freely off the cliff of franchise and commercialization into an abyss of hell on film . What is going on ?!! What did the industry think ? That just because the Witch 's name was on the title that no one would notice that there was no story to the movie ? Well , sorry to disappoint you big studio heads , but your audiences are n't that stupid .
 I 'm going to throw my lot in with the critics who have trashed this awful film . I 'm also going to agree with a local critic who wrote that this movie was one of the two worst of 2000 . -LRB- The same critic praised the original BWP as the best American horror film in decades . -RRB- I 've been a horror film nut since the mid-1970s , and _ Pigs _ -LRB- aka _ Daddy 's Deadly Darling _ -RRB- used to hold the top spot in my pantheon of truly bad horror films . In case you 're wondering about _ Pigs _ , you would 've had to watch Elvira 's Movie Macabre series back in the 1980s to catch that one . At any rate , the reprehensible _ Book of Shadows _ now moves into that spot far beyond the reach of any other film . I suppose that this Berlinger person , the director , was cynical enough to think that a music video with an ` eerie ' atmosphere masquerading as a scary movie would actually impress anyone . Wrong . If I had not gone to the theater with a friend who was determined to milk that $ 7.50 ticket for all it was worth , I would have walked out . I too was hoping that the ` evil ' presence would go ahead and dispatch the rest of the dimwit characters . Just Say No to sequels .
 Ok , so I did n't walk out.I kept thinking it had to get better , or would start making sense , or some plot detail would explain why the acting was so stilted.And then it was over.The movie seemed to be incomprehensible garbage .
 Was this a horror ? Was this a comedy ? Was this a statement against violence in movies ? It sure was n't a worthy sequel to the original BWP . It did n't capture any of the same mood , was n't consistent at all with any of the atmosphere in the first movie , and sure as heCK did n't capture any of the pure terror that was so evident in the first movie . So what does this film do ? It might keep you guessing as to when there 's a scare , but there are n't any scares . It might try and make you care about the characters , but none of them are worth the viewer 's time . It might attempt to get you sucked into a plot that is never explained and completely shot to heCK by the terrible ending . The beginning of the film is however an excellent piece of filmmaking , the rest though is just crap . Stick with Metallica Some Kind of Monster for a good Joe Berlinger movie . This movie is not worth it .
 As I began to watch The Blair Witch 2 : Book Of Shadows , I thought to myself that this will be a disappointing sequel . I thought this because ; this is n't low-budget like the first one . Also because it says this one is completely fictional . As I progressed through this film , I found it non-scary and just pointless . However after I watched the ending to this film I was amazed . I thought to myself `` How could the ending have so much creativity , but the rest of the film dose n't at all ? '' I enjoyed only one portion of this film and that was the ending . The ending was sheer brilliance ! It was creative and suprising . A completely unpredictable ending . So I give this film two stars for the ending only .
 All the charm of the first film has been thrown out the window in favor a big budget Hollywood assembly line garbage.Complete with cheesy fast-motion flashes of people shaking their heads or bodies . It could have been a terrific movie , the concept itself was great . To follow up in the wake of the original film and explore the aftermath . But bad writers and directors got a hold of the film and it was rushed out . This film should be labeled comedy and not horror .
 The first movie was the greatest . When I first saw it , it was the first time I found myself losing time in a horror movie.But even if this movie was n't being compared to the first Blair Witch movie , I would still rate it the same . This is just a sorry , desperate attempt to make more money off the title .
 This sequel to the horrible `` The Blair Witch Project '' outdoes the original by being even more horrible . The dreadful story , the repulsive acting and the revolting direction are ingredients to pure waste . I turned off `` Book of Shadows - Blair Witch 2 '' before it hit the halfway mark . It was that terrible . The critics really hated this movie and I actually agree with them . Avoid at all costs and buy something funny like a Steven Seagal movie .
 Blair Witch took us to a place where we had never been before . It was a horror film that was all psychological . We saw nothing spooky , yet we were frightened by that . We did not have to see people being stabbed or the unwanted nudity to have a good time with a horror film . Book of Shadows forgets completely where it came from and shows us both violence and nudity . This is one of the films that can give a black eye to its original on the basis that they took what was a great idea , and ran with it . This time they went too far . The film does not make anything spooky out of the blair witch . The only thing that they try to make spooky is shots of people being stabbed , with blood splattering all over the place . This film forgot what made the first an international hit . The director who had nothing to do with the first , thought that this film would be better recieved by the audience if it were more violent and more formulaic . He was dead wrong . The only thought i had after this film was that of disbelief . I could not believe that someone would let a bad thing happen to a good movie . This film is proof that not all movies need a sequel .
 The disc is scuffed and freezes up . Depending on which DVD player I use will make it better or worse .
 A style over substance dud that worships at the alter of by-the-numbers formula . The characters are -LRB- annoying -RRB- stereotypes , suspense is non-existent , and the plot insults your intelligence.It has nothing to say , except `` give me your money '' .
 First and foremost , do n't view this movie if the commercials/previews piqued your interest . Book of Shadows -LRB- BoS -RRB- was marketed as something it 's not . The storyline is almost totally unrelated to that of the original Blair Witch -LRB- which was n't half bad , although no movie could have lived up to the hype associated with it -RRB- . What few elements * are * related to BWP have little bearing on the course of the story , and they could have been replaced or removed without dramatically altering the film . For this reason , I feel that BoS is , in fact , NOT a must-have for Blair Witch enthusiasts.BWP and BoS share a common theme
 I remember sitting in the theatre on opening night , mourning the loss of my 9 bucks over this POS . Yes , its entertaining in a trash film kind of sense . I mean , who would have thought the Blair Witch was so proficient at graphic design and video production ? What trash . Not even the topless scene helped . Wait , I lie , it did help tremendously . Wait , was there a topless scene ? Maybe I 'm confusing it with something else , it was THAT bad . Either way , a little skin is all this movie had going for it ... and if thats what you 're looking for you can find many better choices . You 're on the internet , after all .
 This is your typical horror sequel . There are so many things wrong with this movie that I can not even begin to describe it . Lets start with the plot.The story takes place one year after the first -LRB- Typical -RRB- and after a few interviews with the residence of Birkettsville we find out that they are taking the ingural tour of the Blair Witch Project . From there we are overwhelmed with random scenes of violence , nudity , gore , and stupidity . THere are around 8 killings which ranks up to a typical 80 's slasher film.I do n't even know who stars in thsi piece of trash . Obviously peopl who ca n't act because it is that bad.The movie stole effect ideas primarily from Event Horizon , House on Haunted Hill , and Blair Witch 1 and it is easily obviouse that they stole effects ideas from other movies as well.To wrap things up simply avoid this movie , it is not worth the time or effort to sit through and watch . It 's boring , pointless and stupid .
 i like the movie but on the back of the dvd case it says : `` Notice
 This movie was bad ! It had bad actors not plot , no storyline and the ending was bad.I wish it had told more about the Blair Witch legacy and not about the lives of five fans of the movie . The Blair Witch fame was ultimitly shot down by this movie .
 I LOVED THE FIRST BLAIR WITCH MOVIE , I LEARNED THAT HERE WAS GOING TO BE SEQUEL , I GOTTED TO SEE IT , AND IT REALLY REALLY SUCKS ! , INCREDIBLE BAD AND CHESSY ACTING , INCREDIBLY BAD DIALOUGE , BY THE WAY , THE FIRST BLAIR WITCH WAS A PSHYCHOLOGICAL THRILLER , AND THE FEARS WERE CREATED BY OURSELVES , BUT THIS ONE , IT 'S JUST ANOTHER STUPID FILM THAT TO HAVE AN AUDIENCE INCLUDED NUDITY AND SENSELESS VIOLENCE , THIS REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY ... !
 This is not a good movie , but its not the `` worst movie of all times '' as many people have said . But what makes this movie as bad as it is , is the lack of good acting , plot , and script . Really really bad plot and script with some things that just dont make sense . For example , this is supposedly acting like the original `` The Blair Witch Project '' is real and really happend . Ok , so knowing this than the whole Heather Donue name should ` nt be known because thats her actual name . So ... why is it when there sitting infront of the camp fire and the guy who does n't believe in the Blair Witch ask `` How many Heather Donue 's does it take to screw in a light bulb ? '' ... totally dumb part of the movie might I add . The movie 's good qualitys are few and far between but did have a couple . Basically the best part was the 2 `` ghost '' sceens , in which the little girl is in the hospital room , and the kids are in the road making the -LSB- person -RSB- crash the car . Only freaky parts of the movie , and might I add ... making the women they made the witch was HORRIBLE ! She was just horrible as the witch and really cant act . If anything try to catch it on cable because its not worth buying it , or renting it . However it is worth a look to see what you think .
 This movie was badly produced with a really bad script.Do not come more than 400 yards of this movie .
 Ok , so I did n't walk out.I kept thinking it had to get better , or would start making sense , or some plot detail would explain why the acting was so stilted.And then it was over.The movie seemed to be incomprehensible garbage .
 This was bad , bad , bad , bad '' . I saw it for free , and I walked out wanting a refund.By the way ... where was The Book of Shadows in this movie.Save your money and do something more enjoyable than viewing this film ... like having a limb removed with a rusty razor .
 The opening is super confusing at best . It has little-to-nothing to do with first film at all . The cast are jerks at best . It has more plotholes then Top Cat & The Beverly Hills Cats . The editing is second-rate . There 's way too much overacting from them . There 's also way too many pointless scenes like the ghost girl . The movie also never explains about the some plotholes like the ghost girl , scenes fo people getting killed , how the goth girl can see into the future and most of all , The Book of Shadows . Infact , they never talked about it or even show it for that matter . There 's some blood & gore but not enough . The only A + in this film is the sick twist ending . I give Blair Witch 2 a 1 out of 10 .
 When I 'd first heard of this movie years ago -LRB- when it was going to be released into theaters -RRB- , I was skeptical but somewhat excited . I 'd been told that it was going to be an actual horror movie version of the Blair Witch tales & show some actual spooks & such . Being a fan of schlocky horror movies , I figured that I 'd be guaranteed to at least enjoy myself . Being a realist however , I waited for it to come out on rental . Good choice on my part.The movie surrounds a group of young adults who all decide to go to the site of the Blair Witch movie -LRB- which apparently is real in their world -RRB- . Once there , they are supposed to have all sorts of spooky things happen to them . If this synopsis sounds brief , that 's because it 's pretty much the entire plotline of the film . The movie 's big flaw is that it tries to hard to cash in on the hype of the previous film & the overly cheesy special effects.As far as what 's bad with this film , well ... where should I start ? You have the stereotypical horror cliches , boring dialogue , bad continuity -LRB- when did the BW get the money to build a bigger house ? -RRB- & bad directing put this movie past the point where it could have been a good cheese flick . The movie crew seemed to be more interested in publicizing that it was a sequel than trying to establish the movie on it 's own . If done right , the film could 've been watchable . As it is now , the only thing that could ever redeem this film would be if the company paid the MST3K crew to heckle it .
 Have you noticed most of the people who liked this film could not even spell the little words in the review they left ? This is not the worst movie ever made by far -LRB- that is called LUCKY NUMBERS ... -RRB- But this movie is an insult to the imagination felt by the fans of the first . This movie is a revelation to those far too thick to understand the first , yet at any rate is an inferior film . Joe Berlinger 's `` CROCKumentaries '' have been EXTREMELY manipulated , contrived and faked throughout his `` career '' . ` Paradise ' ` Brothers ' etc. are jokes . This film , no , MOVIE only further exposes what a joke of a filmmaker he is . Shame on Joe for his stupid , greedy take of a sequel he could only hope to dream about . Shame on Artisan for letting such an untalented man ruin the franchise so soon .
 That one woman who died and ended up in the closet was n't too bad looking . Too bad she died . That goth girl was pretty ugly . This movie was a little better than the original . It actually had somewhat something of a story and stuff ahppened . It just does n't shape up to the good movies of the suspense or horror genres . Rent this or buy it really cheap used . Do n't get it neww , unless you like crap horror movies .
 seriously , why a frickin sequel . the original had taste and it was more better than this one . I mean come on people . you have a group of people going to the place where the movie was made and they set a tour and everything happens . a stupendous garble of a beginning and a total shame of a waste . no chills .
 I rated The Blair Witch Project 3 stars . I was anxious and curious to see what this movie was going to be about . Well , I bought it and like other movies I 've bought without seeing first , regret it . This is a terrible movie . It has VERY little to do with the first Blair Witch . They cleverly threw in the Blair Witch name to this movie to get people like me to see it !! Poor acting , boring film . It centers around 4 `` fans '' of the first Blair Witch film who spend the night in the woods to see if the Blair Witch story is true . It makes no sense and to me should n't be called a true `` sequel '' . A real let down compared to the first movie !!!!
 Boy , what hath the box office wrought ? This was n't a bad movie , but its title was kind of deceptive . On its own , it was n't bad , but it could n't be considered much of a sequel . That said , it WAS suspenseful , but nothing original or truly stick-with-you frightening .
 What a total waste of time this DVD was . Where did they find the lame cast ? and who wrote the script ? Total garbage !!! I am sure the cast of the first movie laughed all the way thru this piece of trash . Stick with the original . I could not wait for this movie to end and the only reason I did not turn it off to begin with is that I thought it would improve . How wrong I was !!! Do n't bother ...
 My wife and I were rather skeptical that any sequel to the Blair Witch Project could pass muster -- Blair Witch was hugely successful partly due to the story and partly due to the truth-or-fiction hype surrounding it . We really did n't expect much when we went to see Book of Shadows , however we were surprised at just how bad this film actually was . Being enthralled by motion pictures , I 've seen thousands of films in my time , and this was the first one in which I 've ever fallen asleep . The drama was strained and mechanistic , the suspense was anything but suspenseful , and the dialog was akin to a second-rate episode of MTV 's The Real World . I 've certainly seen true dogs in my time -- End of Days , Hudson Hawk , and the ultra-boring My Dinner with Andre , to name a few -- but I 'd rather watch all of these than have to sit through another showing of Book of Shadows . Are there positive things I can say about the viewing experience ? Sure -- the seats were comfy and I had a nice nap . In conclusion , Artisan Entertainment should feel ashamed for making such tripe and then hawking it as a sequel to a good film .
 Blair Witch 2
 There is a predictable cycle in Hollywood where if a movie makes mega bucks , then a sequel is certainly in order . If the movie desrves one , or if a sequel does n't even make sense , is of little importance . There is more money to be made . If ever there was a sequel that had no basis for being , and was a quick cash in on an incredibly successful first entry , it would be BW 2
 Do n't bother with this film . The storyline is bad . The acting is worse .
 This is a prime example of Hollywood taking a successful cult film and making a sequel that does n't have any of the attributes that made the original so good . It 's also a prime example of Hollywood throwing a lot of money at a project without earmarking some of it for a decent script . Did the filmmakers get greedy or lazy ? It 's hard to tell . Probably both . Even if you conveniently forget this is a sequel and try to look at it as a standalone movie , it 's still missing a lot . Like a plot . Anyone who favorably reviews this film should not be allowed to review films .
 The first BWP was an amazing piece of filmmaking , naturally frightening ... this pt ,2 is unnessary and and horribly crappy movie ... avoid like the plague if you buy a copy somewhere in a bargin bin or someone beg you to take their copy jsut burn it and pray it stays dead ...
 no suspense -- a `` shock '' here and there isnt suspense , and the film looks like every other bad genre teen horror flick you 'd never want to watch twice . actually , it 's hard to get all the way through this once . the soundtrack is a minus
 Ever since `` Scream '' -LRB- with it 's Up-and-Coming Teen Cast -RRB- opened to Packed Theatres -LRB- with it 's Scare Craving Teen Audiences -RRB- across American , and the Rest of the World , We the Ever faithful Horror fans have been treated to Many , Many Imitators and Rip-offs with Very , Very Different degrees of Entertainment Value.Some took themselves Far to Seriously , -LRB- `` I Know What You Did Last Summer '' and `` Bless the Child '' -RRB- Some Cleverly played it mostly for Laughs , -LRB- `` Bride of Chucky '' and `` Idle Hands '' -RRB- Some Dared to be Different and Succeeded , -LRB- `` The Blair Witch Project '' and `` The Faculty '' -RRB- , Some Dared to be Different and Failed . -LRB- `` Psycho '' ... Hey , it 's Different , there 's No Argument -RRB- But out of All of these films , out of All of the Horror films released since `` Scream '' opened the doors for them , -LRB- much like `` Reservoir Dogs '' opened the doors for Crime films -RRB- `` Book of Shadows - The Blair Witch 2 '' is the Worst by a Country Mile . `` Book of Shadows '' is the Perfect Ammunition for Non-Fans of the Original to Convert some of us `` Blair Witch Fans '' . This So-Called Sequel reaches New Depths of Boredom , Stupidity and Overall Crapiness . Every Hand that went into the making of this Sequel deserves a Whack with the cane , Nothing that is put on screen works , yet what Angers me the Most is that Everything about the film is so Smug , the Directing , the Performances , Every Aspect is so Self Assured , they All seem to think they have done a Good Job . The Director stamps his name at the beginning of the End Credits with the Upmost Pride as if he has made the Sequel to beat `` The Godfather - Part 2 '' . If I had directed this Pitiful Excuse for a Film , I 'd have gone with the old `` Alan Smithie '' Pseudonym.The Performances are Positively Cringe-worthy . My Expression for the Entire -LRB- Mercifully Short -RRB- 83 minute running time was a Constant Cringe . The Dialogue is n't even good enough for a Tele-movie , A Group of Monkeys with Crayons could have written a better script . Fans of the Original `` Blair Witch Project '' will not Believe the Damage that this film does . Non-fans will just have More reason to hate the original.From the moment we hear Marilyn Manson 's `` Disposable Teens '' playing alongside the Opening Credits , we Know that they 've missed the Essence of the Original , what Follows is It Really is an All-Round Bad Movie . Everything that made the Original a Modern Classic are Absent , what we 're left with is Far more Shocking , but not in the Good `` Horror Movie '' way , Shocking in the `` Man this is Bad '' way .
 okay the first was awsome but this is garbage it made no sense and followed nothing from the first go see charlies anglies d
 While it 's not a particularly bad movie , BOS : BW2 goes from a completely original premise in the first movie and just reverts back to a run-of-the-maill horror movie . Each character feel like he or she is developed halfway , throw in some spooky , unexplainable occurances and BAM ! Instant Movie ...
 As one who actually liked the original film -LRB- and , yes , I saw it long after the initial media hype had died down -RRB- , I can &#8217; t say that I expected much from this newest addition to the franchise . The first film was such a unique work stylistically that , even less than most films , it definitely did not cry out for replication . Actually , this new film starts off rather well , choosing to acknowledge the reality of not only the original project but also the media ballyhoo and frenzy that attended it . The film cleverly lampoons the cottage industry that sprang up around the first film , catering to tourists who descended in droves on the once-peaceful town of Burkittsville , Maryland , where the original fictional &#8220; documentary &#8221; was set . Taking over the reins from the first film &#8217; s creators , writer Dick Beebe and writer/director Joe Berlinger create a scenario in which a group of fans , obsessed with the original film , embark on a &#8220; Blair Witch &#8221; tour that , naturally , turns out to be more than they bargained for . By eschewing fancy special effects of any kind and hewing closely to the &#8220; reality &#8221; conferred by its documentary style approach , the original film managed to convey a real sense of mounting terror as the people involved became more and more terrified and confused by what was happening to them . The makers of the sequel attempt to create essentially the same impact here but with far less effectiveness . Part of the problem is that the demands made on a big budget studio production are obviously worlds apart from those made on a small independent film in which experimentation and imagination are often allowed - and even , at times , encouraged - to flourish . As a result , the makers of the new film violate the very less-is-more credo that made the original film work in the first place . Thus , as these new characters begin to spiral down into confusion , terror and madness , we are offered a plethora of quick cut glimpses of demons , ghosts , flashbacks etc. that are more distracting than terrifying . We could believe what was happening to the characters in the original film because the single-camera technique made it all seem so plausible and real . This film just feels like the typical stock horror film , filled with fancy techniques but little of the stuff that true nightmares are made of.More often than not , the viewer feels more like laughing at the silliness of the proceedings than gasping . Eventually , even the dialogue seems to be providing an almost subconscious running commentary on the film itself as the characters yell out at various points such pearls of wisdom as &#8220; This is too weird &#8221; and &#8220; This makes no sense . &#8221; The story does a nice job at the end showing how what is captured on film or tape may not necessarily correlate with the facts of history . And , I guess , we are also encouraged to read the film in two ways &#8211; as both a genuine horror story in which the Blair Witch is somehow exercising her supernatural powers or as a study of mass psychosis playing havoc with a group of emotionally off-kilter people . Yet , in the long run , &#8220; Book of Shadows &#8221; just doesn &#8217; t seem worth the effort . Any way you slice it , a horror film that doesn &#8217; t horrify has failed to live up to its calling . Stick with the original model this time around .
 First , I loved The Blair Witch Project , it was original , and very entertaining to the vunerable imagination . So , of course , I was very thrilled to go see the sequel , Book of Shadows . I was n't sorry to see it , but I was disappointed as well.Style seems to be the biggest wound left unhealed for BW :2 . You can not expect a movie filmed in one style to have a profitable and enjoyable sequel the second time around filmed in a completely different style -LRB- even though the first 10 minutes of BW :2 is filmed in the documentary style as the first one was -RRB- . A different director this second time around also seems to contribute to the style of the second , and it does n't help . The vision of the first is remade , revamped , and lost ! The dialogue is also very foot in mouth , too scripted ... I was n't convinced . The groundbreaking techniques and audience participation of the first film are as lost as Josh , Heather , and Mike were in the woods ! BW :2 is for the breast-fed audience who were unwilling to give in to suspension of disbelief in the first film.You either loved it or hated it . I loved BW :1 , but find little to love about BW :2 . Do yourself a favor and stick with Blair Witch 1 , or check out the Blair Witch Trilogy PC Games from Gathering of Developers , which stay true to the style and suspense the Blair Witch was developed upon . Book of Shadows makes an unwelcome addition to the Blair Witch Saga . See it if you must , but it hardly fits the bill ...
 The sequel to BLAIR WITCH PROJECT -LRB- an okay horror movie representing a triumph in marketing skill -RRB- is a gutsy departure from the first , in style , form , and tone . Instead of a `` horrormentary , '' this is a straightforward psychological thriller which jars the narrative with hallucinogenic red herrings and fantasies that may or may not be clues to what is going on.There is also some wit in the film 's conceit , which centers on a young man who makes money off the BLAIR WITCH phenomenon by selling merchandise and giving tours of the woods.Unfortunately , the characters are so hokey and two-dimensional there is little suspense for them . One simply waits to see how the film will play out . Also , the sequel is taking what plays like a conscious slap at critics of the first film who protested the stereotyping of witches , by feasting up an even bigger stereotype .
 I truly do n't know what to say about this movie ! You can sense some hard work and a chance that it could have been better ... but mainly I blame the Screenwriter for messing it up ! So what has badly affected the movie ? 1 . Extremely bad screen script ! You waste most of the time trying to focus on what is happening because from the first ten minutes you keep seeing flashes from parts of the movie that took place prior and after where you at ! And you fail to get the picture until the end .2 . The suspense of the movie is ONLY in the first half hour -LRB- while in the woods -RRB- but afterwards ; both suspense and thrill are lost .3 . There is no scary OST in the film that can drive the thrill up .4 . The actors fear and reaction was not convincing -LRB- except at the police station / at the end of the movie -RRB- .5 . Oh the end of the movie . . ! That was ... -LRB- I 'll leave that to you to judge -RRB- ! The reason I rated this movie two stars was because I know the story could have been put in a better way .
 Book of Shadows
 The sucess of the first `` Blair Witch '' was that it was a horror movie that did not have blood and gore in every single scene . It dealt more with scaring you by playing mind games . Sadly , the sequel does NOT measure up . This movie is just a badly done B-movie horror show . Ugh . Not to mention the sterotypes in the movie
 I was very disappointed when I received it . It was broken when I got it . the center of the DVD was broke out of it .
 I usually love anime -LRB- especially pokemon -RRB- but that movie was ... just sad and I do n't mean it was a particullarly sad plot but it was a sad atempt at a movie . I thought that the story exemplified childish ignorance and selfishness in the little girl . I also did n't like that girl did n't care if she had her real parents or not that she would just take Ash 's mom and Entie -LRB- or however you spell it -RRB- as replacements . The fact that Entie was meerly a figment of her imgination was disapointing aslo . The ` Unknowns ' I thought were the reasonless part that brought the whole story togather . But as anoying as it was it was slitly entertaining .
 This movie rocked but it 's so edited that it 's not even worth to geti own both verisons , the japanese and the US dvd , and what i can say is the japanese version is 10 min longer than the US version and you get it in 16.9 1.85.1 widescreen format.In the US version they have changed the songs , bgm , names , dialog just simply everithing , without mentioning that in the US version they have removed all soundefect from the rear speakers , and in the japanese version you get also the US dub UNCUT on it , the japanese vesion may cost the double than the US version but it 's worth it , that is because i gave just 1 star for this releasebesides that all the movies and the series have been edited this way
 This 3rd Pok&eacute;mon movie , that looks like ` Alice In Wonderland ' in the Pok&eacute;mon world , was a big dissapointment for me , the story is thin and confusing , the movie is overloaded with effects , the soundtrack is boring , but it was good to see Ash 's mum in a bigger role , and watch all the new Pok&eacute;mon 's like Pichu , Houndour , Cyndaquil and Totodile .
 So now its up to number 3 ? What is truly horrible about this bad , brainless , loud , irritating nonsense is that it overshadows truly decent , well written and animated Japanese Animation . I could talk about `` Pokemon 3 '' 's nonexistent plot , its horrendous artwork and the frightening voice characterizations but that is obvious . Everybody can look at 5 seconds of this `` film '' and figure that out . My main point is that Pokepuke literally rots your brain due to its intense stupidity . Its producers ' lack of respect for their audience is amazing.People , expect more and you will get more .
 THE THIRD MOVIE WAS THE WORST MOVIE OF THE THREE.IT WAS ABOUT A GIRL WHO LOSES HER FATHER IN THE UNKNOWN AND SOLVES A PUZZLE IN WHICH A DOG-LIKE POKEMON GRANTS HER EVERY WISH.SHE STEALS ASH 'S MOM AND THEY TRY AND GET HER BACK.THE ENTIRE MOVIE IS BASICALY A FANTASY WORLD WITH BORING BATTLE SEQUENCES.I WOULD GIVE IT 1 STAR.EVERYONE WHO THINKS THAT THIS IS THE GREATEST THING SINCE SLICED BREAD , GET A HINT.HELLLLLOOOOO !!! THIS IS NOT THE GREATEST ANIME , IN FACT IT IS THE WORST ANIME.THERE ARE ANIME SHOWS I RECCOMEND TO YOU LIKE COWBOY BEBOP AND YU YU HAKUSHO WHICH PREMIER EVERY SATURDAY NIGHT AT 11 ON CARTOON NETWORK.RATHER THEN WACHING SHOWS LIKE BLUE SEED AND GUNDUM WING YOU ARE SITTING THERE WATCHING THIS ...
 HELLO ! Pokemon is like , the most annoying thing that 's come out since ... since ... oh , I do n't know ! All I know is that everything about Pokemon is completely annoying and if you are over 12 years old , then it should be avoided at all costs ! This movie makes me barf . And that little `` cute '' Pikachu is so annoying . Agh ! Pokemon makes me scream ! I hate all Japaneese animation because while it may look all cute and everything , it is really bad animation . Also , when the characters speak , their mouths move way too fast and they talk way too fast , too . This movie is n't even worth taking your kids to see ... you 'll be too embarrassed being there to even sit straight up in your seat ! All this movie 's about is fighting , fighting , fighting . Fighting over what ? There really is no point to this movie ! Is there even a a real script ? Who cares if the little fuzzy furrballs are cute ? I think they 're horrible-looking creatures from Planet Hell . It is totally unrealistic and is just a way to kill time and to get your kids to shut up for a few hours . So I guess it is good for that . But besides that , please , please , PLEASE do n't waste your money on this annoying -LSB- stuff -RSB- ! While the kids may like it , teens and adults will find it rather embarrassing and horrible . If you 're over 12 years old and you like Pokemon , then there is something terribly wrong with you ! Have you gone for a brain check-up recently ? Maybe you should if you 're over 12 years old and liked this movie !
 I 'm researching behavior , my thoughts on this film are that , one , with impressionable youth it is more likely to create a predator then support a lesson or moral to the story , two , aggression against women is fostered by sexual desire that is stimulaed by violence either for them or against them , in my estimation this film appeals to the darker side of man and should not be seen by man or beast for the former will become the latter more than likely after seeing it .
 This movie shows a brother and sister forced to have sex with each other at gunpoint . Not only are they depressed and confused after it 's over , but life as they knew it will be more or less over . Nothing will ever be quite normal again . It makes you wonder what unspeakable experiences other people are silently carrying on their backs . If I could go back in time , I would skip this movie , even though it 's thoughtfully and sensitively told .
 I love movies . I love foreign language films -LRB- with original subtitle tracks , no stupid dubbing -RRB- . I know a good movie when I see it . This is n't one.I saw this film without ever having heard of it or knowing what it was about , and boy do I wish I had beforehand , then maybe I would 've skipped it . The basic premise is that Daniel and Ana , brother and sister , are kidnapped by a group of idiot pornographers -LRB- who are stupid enough not to wear masks to hide their faces -RRB- and force the siblings to have sex on camera . The film then follows the psychological effects of both siblings.That in itself might make for a great documentary , but this film , even if it 's based on true events , sucks . It tries so very hard to be edgy and deep and shocking and it just sucks . Mulholland Drive makes more sense than this movie.First off , the kidnappers are n't threatening at all . You never get the sense they 're actually going to commit murder if these kids do n't do what the kidnappers command them to . Then , as I mentioned , the kidnappers do n't wear masks . I thought maybe they would later be identified and arrested , but nope , that would run the risk of making this film interesting , which it goes out of its way to not do.Don ' t get me wrong , the psychological effect of this terrible event does play out with a kind of uncomfortable tension , but the movie is just so ridiculous at how things play out . Daniel literally spends the bulk of the film avoiding doing anything interesting , then towards the end he does something terrible that 's obviously meant to shock you because it makes no sense otherwise . I do n't need a happy ending , but that does n't mean I 'll let a crappy unresolved ending slide by.There are no likable characters in this film . Even the two victims , thanks to the shoddy storytelling , become very unlikable by the end -LRB- one by their actions , the other by their inactions -RRB- . I ca n't even remember the last time a film made me feel this angry or this stupid for actually having sat through it . And it 's not like the trashy Hollywood CGI films or Michael Bay movies that I can make fun of because the subject matter is so dead serious.There are so many much more meaningful foreign language films out there , do n't was 95 minutes of your life on this one .
 This could have been an interesting , disturbing and erotic film . It was none of these . Not interesting , because there was no real character study . The shocking part happens too early in the film . The shocking part was not even filmed well . There is no time to relate to the characters . It was not disturbing , because the criminals and the crime have no build-up . The actual crime had no build-up , so it seemed pedantic . There is no resolution of any kind , except to motivate the Ana character to move to another country with her husband . The storytelling should have been done more through the edit process , but I guess there was not enough footage to work with . This is a story that should maybe have had a noirish feel to it . Something that illustrated how dangerous and disturbed the criminals were . There should have been more scenes of the actual crimes they were commiting , so that when Daniel & Ana became victims , it would have had more impact . There should have been more of an emphasis on the fact that maybe there was an attraction , or curiousity between Daniel & Ana . This would have made the inevitable crime more ironic . Perhaps , showing more eroticism in the fact that Daniel & Ana enjoyed what happened to them . THAT would keep them from reporting this crime to the police and THAT would have made for more of an emotional impact . I think this movie was made for shock value rather than a deeply moving and unforgettable film . I do n't think the filmmaker went far enough in plot , character or eroticism .
 this is a real snoozer ... that uses film angling and music to fill its space ... a wicked subject matter which is poorly explained ... and then even harder to believe is how fast the brother goes off the deep end and wants to do it again ...
 This movie , stated as based on true events , is more like a Telemovie with little budget.Viewing it for the first time , without knowing the actual motive for the kidnapping and crime , one is left wondering for most of the duration just why did it happen and what is going to be the outcome.The after events seem almost not in keeping with what has happened.You would expect that at least the police and parents would be involved , but no , just an awkward complication regarding a future marriage and another seemingly strange out of character event.The notes at the end of the movie finally suggest what the motive was and this is an important issue , but this movie needed a much better script and director to let it have impact .
 I know that this film is supposed to be a masterpiece , but I fail to see how anyone can interpret this film that way . I was surprised to see Jeff Bridges is such a boring film . I found that this film wandered too much in the beginning . I watched the first hour and noted that there was hardly any character or plot development ! I found that the movie never really amounted to anything . I believe that this movie is not even worth renting ! If someone can explain to me how they could interpret this movie as an excellent one , please feel free to e-mail me with an explaination , otherwise , my feelings towards this movie will stay the same . Addy
 The movie opens with gratuitous nudity and zombie kills . We do n't know where they come from , but they have abnormal strength and blueish faces . The dialouge was juvenile , in a Pee-Wee Herman sort of way . You can hear the wind whistle through the outside microphone.The classroom scene looks like the teacher and student segment where filmed at different times as the lighting and sound vary greatly as the conversation goes back and forth . The mismatch is again repeated when Sarah is called to the admin building and speaks to an administrator of the college who looks younger than her . She sounds crisp , while the administrator sounds like he is in a fishbowl . He sits at a desk with a wooden brown top . Sarah -LRB- Ciara Richards of Chainsaw Cheerleaders -RRB- sits across from him and the desk top is white . Like the classroom , we never see the two people having the conversation together at the same time.So pathetic it is funny.Adrianna Eder , who play Allison is one of the movie 's worst actors as she attempts to deliver trite and predictably bad lines with conviction . Andrea Owenby has a small role as the side kick of Clare .
 Alien Lockdown has a plot which is about as formulaic as it gets . The movie is about a secret research base who uses an alien artifact to genetically design a monster they hope to eventually control and make into a weapon . Off course the monster escapes and begins killing everything that moves and the army send in some black ops soldiers to deal with the problem . There is even some corrupt army officers and a mad scientist with a God complex . Now this is the plot to who know how many movies and it is the plot to Alien Lockdown , there is nothing new here , they have just taken the cookie cutter script of monster causes havoc at remote research base , given it a touch of personalization and run with it.I think this is the main problem with Alien Lockdown , not the cookie cutter plot , that is okey you get what you expect with this movie , the problem is that there is just no effort put into any part of this film . The acting is lackluster it seams like the actors where just plain bored , the costumes , sounds , music everything just feels like they did what they had to so that the movie would be watchable , but no one have really had any passion for the movie . Now I do not think about things like the characters running past the same staircase twice when trying to escape the monster , the movie is not a big budget production if they have to cut a few corners and try to make their set look bigger than it really is I am fine with that , I am more thinking about how everything is acceptable but not beyond that . The movie makers wanted to just press out a movie which would earn them a few bucks and be watchable enough so folks would buy it and as long as it passed that line they just did not give a * beep * about anything else.Like I said Alien Lockdown is watchable . Yes there is plot holes big enough for the monster to crawl though but all in all the story works , it have a bit of suspense , it is by no means a masterpiece but at least for me Alien Lockdown kept me entertained for the about one and a half hours it lasted . I do not recommend getting this movie at full price , but if you manage to find it cheap like I did then I think it is worth it . Yes Alien Lockdown is mediocre , formulaic trash but on an evening when you are just bored and want to see a monster rip soldiers to shreds it might just do the trick.One thing positive about the movie I want to mention is the monster , first off all I like to see a creature made with prosthetics instead of computer graphics , and also the genetically engineered beastie in this movie actually look pretty good . Yes sure it looks like they have crossed a Xenomorph , a Predator and an alligator but it moves well and I think it is designed pretty well . Now a well designed monster can not save a trashy movie but give credit where credit is due.All in all Alien Lockdown is trash bit it is entertaining trash . It is the kind of movie where just make a big bowl of popcorn , have a pizza on the table and sit with friends and laugh as stereotypical characters get picked off one by one . There are allot of better creature features out there but there is allot of worse ones to .
 This movie is a watchable Alien knock-off . It looks like a made for TV movie that was probably shown on the SCIFI channel . It has a heavy mix of CGI and live shots , most likely to keep costs down.But , the bottom line for me is that it 's simply not interesting . It 's a low budget film with flat uninteresting characters that relies heavily on cheap CGI to establish set placement . The funny thing is that if I saw this playing on TV I would change the channel because of the low budget production . So , why in the world would I want it in my DVD collection ... This is a perfect example of a low budget movie that is bad , and do n't get me wrong , I like low budget films . Low budget independant films give filmmakers chances to really explore their creativity . That 's not the case here .
 This film poses an important question
 It became very apparent in this film that the government does control this facet of our media . I did n't quite see it at first , but as the film progressed I could see the embarrassing tactics of the government trying to be implanted onto the minds of our youth and sci-fi aficionados . I walked away from Alien Lockdown -LRB- possibly should have been running -RRB- with a stronger knowledge of how I should be a soldier . Here are the rules -LRB- from watching this film -RRB-
 It 's just so bad!Since I 'm the first review , I 'll spend a little more time summarizing the movie , rather just saying how bad it is . The movie explains that a long time ago , a meteor crashed into earth , and in the center of the crater was a green stone . Then throughout the centuries , men fought for possession of the stone because they believed that whoever carried it would have an invincible army , and they were right . It was as if the stone had some sort of magical power . Anyways , over time the stone disappeared , until now . Fast forward to today . The stone is unearthed in an archeological dig in some desert someplace and then taken to a secret underground lab someplace where it is unveiled that they have genetically engineered some sort of super creature . Anyways , the creature gets out , kills everybody , and the lab is locked down , hence the catchy title . An assault team is sent in to find out what happened , and they discover a couple of survivors and piece together that they created this beast as a weapon and now it 's on the loose . Sounds pretty cool . Yeah , that 's what I though after seeing the trailer . WRONG ALL WRONG!The movie is completely bad . There 's just no way to explain it any better . It had all the elements to be a cool story . I mean , after all , since it pretty much just copied cool parts from a hundred other stories , it should have been cool . But it was n't . Not one of the characters is likeable , so you could care less as they are picked off one by one . It should also bother anybody watching this that the `` creature '' is VERY similar to the alien , but with the face from the predator . But to say this was an alien-predator rip-ff would still give it more credit than is deserved . The actors are all cold and un-emotional . The story is FILLED to the brim with inconsistencies . Does the stone have magical powers ? If they used the code on the stone for the creatures DNA , then why or how did the doctor infuse his DNA into the creatures ? And why did the one creature ignore him and not kill him , but then the other ones actually attack him ? Did n't the helicopter pilots wonder why their boss did n't come back ? Of course , you probably have no idea what I 'm talking about , but trust me , these are just a few pretty big details that are messed up.I knew this movie would n't be great going into it , but I thought it would at least slightly entertaining . WRONG ALL WRONG :-RRB- Stay away from this one . Hope this helps.I will say this one positive thing . I honestly gave this movie 1 star . Usually when I put 1 star , the movie is really worth zero stars or less , but amazon wo n't allow that . This movie is a genuine 1 star flick .
 When I first heard about the creation of the Sci Fi Channel , launched in 1992 , I had high hopes of a network catering to science fiction aficionados showing , and perhaps even producing , some of the best material within the genre ... perhaps I expected too much . They do , on occasion , show some classic stuff , but their original programming , in terms of films , has left something to be desired as exemplified by the film Alien Lockdown -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , which is essentially just a mishmash of material taken from other , more popular science fiction/action films released some twenty years ago , namely James Cameron 's popular 1986 feature Aliens and John McTiernan 's Predator -LRB- 1987 -RRB- . Directed by Tim Cox -LRB- Larva , Mammoth -RRB- , the film features Michelle Goh -LRB- Out for a Kill -RRB- and James Marshall , who had a decent turn in the blockbuster A Few Good Men -LRB- 1992 -RRB- in the role as Pfc. Louden Downey , one of the two soldiers on trial for murder -LRB- the white guy -RRB- . Also appearing is T.M. Van Ostrand , who is also one of the five , count ` em , five , writers on this film , Atanas Srebrev -LRB- Shark Attack 3
 Oh , you silly Mad Military Scientists ... when will you ever learn ? How many experiments have to go awry ? Why do you continue to use genetic manipulation and MavGyver technology to build creatures that are meant to be the new `` Ultimate Weapon '' ? Going by movies like this one , you 'd think that somehow a rampant lizard-ape - thing would be more effective than a nuclear bomb . But these silly Mad Military Scientists ca n't ever seem to even keep their eye on these creatures long enough to unleash them on the enemy . Their creations invariably escape and start running around , and the Silly Mad Military Scientists watch with a mixture of horror and admiration as their reptilian problem child rips through battalions of screaming army folks.The latest entry in the Saga of the Silly Mad Military Scientists : ALIEN LOCKDOWN!So , the Mad Scientist in this one is played by John Savage , who meanders through the movie with a confused look on his face , as if he 's wondering where Jessica Alba went to and why his agent agreed to let him do this NuImage movie . He 's building some kind of alligator-alien-guy and ... get ready for the spoiler ... . it escapes!Enter the screaming soldiers ! Yay!These guys rush into the fray as if they 've never seen a movie about a genetic experiment gone bad ! With so much gusto ! They do a lot of military-style chatter that was probably meant to make the movie feel `` gritty '' or `` real '' . There are also a couple of heartwarming moments where the soldiers take time out from the battle to tell each other about their more human side . It 's supposed to make you care more about them , I think . I was reminded of Phoebe Cates in Gremlins when she starts talking about how her dad got stuck in the chimney on Christmas Eve and died . Honestly , I do n't understand why people in these movies decide to start divulging their deepest , darkest secrets at the worst possible moment . Anyway , so these screaming soldiers take time from being killed to discuss their issues with each other.John Savage continues to admire his creation , and he seems to be trying to channel the Brad Dourif character from Alien
 If Alien vs. Hunter was an obvious rip off of the first Aliens vs. Predator , Alien Lockdown is a rip off of its sequel Requiem . The plot has more in common with Species - scientists discover an extraterrestrial stone and use it to create a killing machine `` to replace ground troops . '' Surprise , surprise , the thing gets loose , killing most of the scientists in the top-secret government glacier base . Enter our victims , a top commando team whose purpose is to show how ineffective Earth 's puny weapons are against the genetically mutated menace.It 's surprising how much Alien Lockdown talks . And talks . And talks . Be it the narrator blathering on about the stupid green stone , lead scientist Woodman -LRB- John Savage -RRB- describing how the pinnacle of killing perfection that is the `` alien , '' or computer geek Charlie Dryfus -LRB- James Marshall -RRB- whining about how all their efforts are futile , Alien Lockdown is eager to convey its plot in great detail . It 's awfully insecure for a movie about a monster eating people.The monster in question is a hybrid between a Predator and Alien . It has the overall body structure of the Alien and the head of the Predator , a lot like the Predalien from AVP
 This movie is Jackie Chan 's first major stumble of his career.The plot is good but it could really have been made into a great movie but is wasted on poor dialogue and a very weak script that falls apart early on in the movie.It 's about a special technologically enhanced tuxedo which gives it 's wearer extra fighting powers when activated.Sadly , the weak acting by everyone except Chan himself really ruins this movie.There are better movies to see . `` Tuxedo '' is one that is worth passing by .
 this movie ruined Chan . he wasnt good at all , his character was likable but the movie went nowhere , oh , wow , a tuxedo , if you put it on you get superhuman super powers , what a croc and in the mix Jennifer Love Hewitt who is so -LSB- *** -RSB- and annoying that she ruins the whole thing . didnt go nowhere , just sat there in the closet and didnt move . its a toilet flusher , is what it is . dont expect to see any action from Jackie Chan because he was used with special computer , thingys . horribly made and directed . my god !!!
 I had the bad luck to watch The Tuxedo on a plane on my way to the Caribbean , and then on a long 10hr flight to Japan , it seemed like a curse to have this movie shown twice on an airplane!The storyline is weak and senseless , someone who tried to poison the water with . . bugs?Jackie Chan 's acting , if it can be called that , is also weak and let 's not get into much detail about Jennifer Hewitt 's character , this has to be her worst work since she decided she could `` sing '' . Her character is of this extremely bitchy agent who wo n't stop throwing temper tantrums throghout the whole movie.This movie is only an excuse to pretend than Jackie Chan can act and to show his `` martial art skills '' but , is n't that what ALL his movies are about ? I think one is enough!First it was Steven Seagal , then Jean Claude Van Damme , now Jackie Chan , hopefully Hollywood will soon realize that this kind of movies are ALL the same and that the audience is looking for something better to spend their money on.If you really want a movie that has a weak storyline , acting -LCB- is not good -RCB- -LRB- except for Debbie Mazar , I feel sorry for her having to do a cameo in this `` movie '' -RRB- and you will be bored to death . . This is the one . .
 I 'm sorry but this is not a good movie at all ... . are you all crazy ??? Say it , this movie is disappointing . These american flops will destroy JC 's career ... Hong Kong movies are worth the money ... No special effects , chinese language and one month filming ... so what ? POLICE STORY , PROJECT A and DRUNKEN MASTER II just to say a few masterpiece of JC . Even CITY HUNTER is much more better than this . And the 2 stars are just for Jackie , because even when the movie is horrible he does n't lose his coolness and charm . I love u Jackie !
 If I remember correctly thats the first line of dialoge in this movie . Hence the 90 minute travesty that follows . Jackie Chan has been trying so hard to make a dent in the American Movie Industry . I know that they will never give him the artistic freedom of his Hong Kong films to truly display a film of Chan callibur . -LRB- Although Shanghai Knights though is an exception those chan scenes are right on top with some of his best films -RRB- So here comes The Tuxedo an interesting Plot that could have been used so much more to chans advantage then disadvantage . In the beginning he 's a cab driver with a soul patch -LRB- lol -RRB- and his friend cab driver is pretty funny . The whole movie shoulda been about those two . Chan becomes a limo driver for a spy , heck those two had so much chemistry it shoulda been about those two . After two missed chances for greatness they end up sticking Chan with the ever annoying , untalented , unlikeable , Jennifer Love Hewitt . Why team him up with a character who just yells at him and makes him feel bad ? Who wants to see someone stomping on the oh so loveable Jackie Chan ? Not me . She was a disaster as a ` side kick ' for chan . Only Michelle Yeoh or Zhang Zi Yi are worthy to co-star with Chan as prove in previous films with him . The fight scenes are turned into -LSB- junk -RSB- because they use some -LRB- not all -RRB- but some special effects to enhance chan . ENHANCE CHAN ? The man is alreayd a super human . He does n't need a computer to pull off an incredible stunt or martial arts manuever . Not that this Director had ANY idea how to film chans fight scenes where we barely saw his full body at any given moment . Jackie needs to direct his own movie , if they ca n't give you one , make one for yourself Jackie . He has directed some of his best films.Go see Shanghai Knights though that was really incredible .
 The tuxedo is a pointless film about a super tuxedo that gives whoever wears it superpowers . Thats all I can say about the plot of this film . It has something to do with him teaming up with Jennifer Love Hewitt to stop bad guys from getting these bugs to poison the water that is used for bottled water . ... Jackie Chan is a lot of fun to watch , but to try and understand what he says takes a lot of the fun out of watching the movie . Jennifer Love Hewitt , usually very charming and likeable in her other films , comes across as an angry , unlikeable young woman who seems annoyed thoughout the entire film for no reason . The 2 have a few cute scenes together , which saves this film from being a total disaster .
 The stunts were not interesting , the women all portrayed either as sluts or neurotic , excessive and inappropraite references to sex , lame story , dark and unhappy scenery , all add to a very bad movie . This is a most certainly not a family movie and that is shame .
 THE TUXEDO is one of those types of films that has very little substance and little heart . The only thing it had going for it is a Tuxedo that can do almost everything . This seemed like an interesting concept for Jackie Chan -LRB- Rush Hour 1 & 2 -RRB- however it is not something the works well for him . The script is week and the humor is low.Jennifer Love Hewitt -LRB- The Devil And Daniel Webster , The Audrey Hepburn Story -RRB- is no help either . She is not believable at all . She teams up with Jackie 's character , who is really a cab driver , thinking he is the international secret agent who happens to own a two billion dollar Tuxedo.The most interesting thing about this movie is what the tuxedo can do . It does n't give Jackie a chance to show off what he can do best . In fact everything is `` enhanced '' and in some parts - it looks phony.Directed by Kevin Donovan -LRB- His First Film ! -RRB- this film is even trying to take itself seriously . There are a few funny gags but nothing makes this movie interesting at all . Again , does anyone read scripts for they green light these things ? Do n't even wait for the video on this one . -LRB- 9-28-02 -RRB-
 This was typical Jackie `` I 'm in the US now so I can stop making decent films '' Chan but worse . The plot was silly , and if the directors expect one to believe all the drivel surrounding the suit it needs SOME realism !! The suit was doing stuff Superman could n't !! add to that the poor acting - the lines were trite and just not funny.Nobody looked natural -LRB- except jackie in his usual comic fight scenes ... which were n't anything new -RRB- . Jennifer seemed to be struggling with her Nerd-turn-spy role -LRB- but hey she looked pretty decent -RRB- . The best part of the show was actually probably the NYC cab scene which DID N'T have the suit involved.My opinion is to rent this ... if you 're willing to bear the loss for the tape .
 It 's one of the bad movies starring Jackie Chan . It 's not funny . The fighting scenes are below par compared to other films of Jackie .
 Well , Jackie 's getting on in years , and in order for him to wow audiences with his ridiculous skills , I suppose directors feel the need to stick him in a suspension harness and make him fly . I ca n't stand to see Jackie on suspension cables any more than I can stand to see Jennifer Love-Hewitt attempting martial arts . Although Jackie 's movies are not known for being heady philosophical treatises or marked by fabulous dialogue , I found the writing and directing sub-par even for his movies . I did n't find this movie funny or exciting . It 's perhaps one of Jackie 's worst of the last 5 years .
 Let me first state that I love Jackie Chan . I have been looking through a lot of his work after I saw RUSH HOUR -LRB- Which is one of my favorite films including its sequel -RRB- . When seeing this movie at theaters , I was expecting a RUSH HOUR-like film
 As a movie fan living in Japan , there are lots of chances to see his films in his Hong-Kong era on TV since the early 80s , and as a consequence ; like many of Japanese fans , I became , and am , a Jackies Chan fan . Now , he is a super-star all over the world , and Spielberg 's company Dreamworks approached to him to do a film . It turned out to be `` The Tuxedo , '' which I must say does n't deserve his name ; rather , the film did a huge damage to it.First of all , the film is not an action film . It is a comedy . That is OK as long as it is funny . Well , the fact is , it is not funny at all even though Chan is still engaging and likable . The film 's comedy sense is revealed at the opening scene , in which you see a deer standing in a river . See what happens next
 `` The Tuxedo '' is a comedy of almost unimaginable badness , easily the worst movie Jackie Chan has ever made . What can one expect from a film whose opening shot is a close-up of a deer urinating in a mountain stream ? Unfortunately , things only go downhill from there.Chan has made a career out of playing well-meaning schnooks who just happen to be extraordinarily skillful practitioners of martial arts acrobatics . Chan , thanks to his amazing physical dexterity , deadpan delivery and infectious likeability , has usually been able to rise above his material , which has not always been great but which has , in the past . I also will not attempt to recap the movie 's plotline but will merely note that the story hits new levels of mind-numbing imbecility . In an attempt to overcome the witless incoherence of the film 's screenplay , director Kevin Donovan has his characters running around in a madcap frenzy , yet the movie itself sits lifeless on the screen . It 's appalling to see all that talent and energy expended and wasted on so humorless a trifle.What can one say about a comedy thriller in which none of the jokes work , none of the plot details make any sense , and none of the secondary characters produce the slightest impression on the work as a whole ? Even more to the point , what can one say about a Jackie Chan film in which even the martial arts scenes lack definition and creativity ? The best one can do in such circumstances is to offer one 's condolences to Mr. Chan and his gifted costar , Jennifer Love Hewitt , for having to appear in this travesty , and to wish them all the best in their next film project .
 I 'm not one to judge certain aspects of a Jackie Chan film such as story , dilogue , or character development . In all honesty , it does n't matter in Chan films as long as the action is cool and the movie is entertaining . But I 'm sorry to say this -LRB- well not really -RRB- but even my man Jackie Chan could n't save this movie . Come on people , Jackie Chan and Jennifer Love Hewit ? Who 's idea was this ? There is really nothing good about this movie . The action was nothing but special effects , the jokes were cheesey , the photography was horrible , and even the outtakes were n't funny . The only reason I gave it one star is because 0 was n't availible . Jennifer Love Hewit was probably the most annoying character I 've seen in a long time which is too bad because she 's a good actress . One of the biggest problems with this movie is that it actually could have been cool if -LRB- 1 -RRB- Get a better sidekick , -LRB- 2 -RRB- Get a regular Joe instead of one of the best action stars in the world , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- get a MUCH better script . Trust me , unless you are the most hard core Jackie Chan fan on the planet , you might want to skip this one .
 This is just another bit of Hollywood fluff rolled out to dazzle the eye and numb the brain . The plot was do-able but the directing was poor , the charachters were undeveloped , the events were unconnected , the story line was uninspired , just a lot of special effects rehatched and over done . Body with no brains , another disappointment . Do n't waste your money it will be on cable in two weeks .
 Here 's the plot of the film
 I have been a huge Jackie Chan fan for ages , but it was truly painful watching this one . I am really beginning to miss the good old days , when Jackie was almost completely unknown in the US , but nonetheless turning out some of the best martial arts/stunt films in the world . I remember vividly traveling to an art theatre to see the almost-impossible-to-find OPERATION CONDOR in 1991 , being stunned to find a really good VHS print of POLICE STORY around the same time , discovering that a friend had a copy of both PROJECT A and POLICE STORY 2 , and finding a local Chinese video store with ARMOR OF GOD and THE DRUNKEN MASTER . At this time , Jackie was simply the best action star in the world , capable of stunts unlike any that had ever been done in the history of film . He could run up walls , jump off one wall through the transom over another door , jump off cliffs and land on hot air balloons hundreds of feet below , and do things with bicycles and motorcycles that defied the laws of physics . And all this while displaying the same sense of humor and charm he still possesses.But , alas , we all age , and as much as I hate to realize it , age is catching up with Jackie Chan . He is no longer the greatest stuntman in the history of film . He is no longer capable of stunts that demand to be seen in triple replay just to assure us that what we thought we saw really did happen.And as someone who has loved Jackie Chan through year after year of utterly inexplicable anonymity in the United States , I am absolutely ecstatic that he has finally gotten the recognition here that he has long deserved . I am , however , regretful that it is for inferior films like THE TUXEDO and the SHANGAI films and the RUSH HOUR film instead of OPERATION CONDOR , PROJECT A , and the first two POLICE STORY films . The former films are cute and pleasant enough , but the latter are stunning masterpieces of the genre.Having seen Jackie at his best , it is hard for me to watch THE TUXEDO . The plot is n't too bad . A computerized tuxedo gives the wearer almost superhuman physical abilities . The trouble today is that much of what Jackie has to do while wearing the tuxedo is assisted by special effects . Most of Jackie Chan 's appeal has always been his ability to do things without stunt doubles or special effects . A wildly ill cast Jennifer Love Hewitt does n't help matters . In fact , there is little to enjoy in the film for the hardcore Jackie Chan fan . I will add that it was good to see the criminally underutilized Debi Mazar in a second female lead.In fairness to Jackie , he is nearly fifty years old , and while he is n't capable of the mind-boggling stunts of his youth , he does remain one of the more physically active actors in film . Still , I miss the good old days .
 I 'm a huge Jackie Chan fan , and I 've always been saddened by the fact that , while some of his American films have been VERY entertaining , none have really captured his true essence , or conveyed the tremendous action sequences seen in his Hong Kong films . The Tuxedo is a HUGE step backwards ... Jackie and co-star Jennifer Love Hewitt are charming and cute , but the dopey plot -LRB- about an evil bottled-water tycoon ! -RRB- is horrifically bad , and the few fight scenes are too brief , plus the wire-work Jackie does stands out like a sore thumb . I guess I just could n't get past the idea of a Tuxedo that can do anything ... It seemed like Inspector Gadget . And the idea of a romance between Chan and Hewitt is just creepy ... I still love Jackie , and will continue to flock to his films , but The Tuxedo was a BIG letdown . Better luck next time , Jackie ! And please - NO SEQUEL !
 I only bought this DVD , because I 'm a rabid Jason Isaacs fan , and I 'm intent on eventually seeing everything in his IMDB listing , but yeesh . This was just painful . The only good parts were Jason as Clark Devlin and Debbie Mazar as Steena , and those parts were entirely too brief . In fact , there is a much , much better movie featuring those two particular characters implied in this forgettable little piece of nonsense.I really wish I owned that movie .
 Being a huge Jackie Chan fan , it pains me to say that The Tuxedo is probably his worst movie . And the funny thing is , the premise was pretty cool . Jackie is a cabbie-turned-chauffeur who is very shy and basically an average guy . When fate throws him a chance to be a superspy , he dons a top-secret billion dollar tuxedo that gives him the ability to fight , climb up the side of buildings and even dance.I thought the premise of Jackie being a regular guy who could suddenly become a fighting machine wearing this tuxedo was clever . Unfortunately , the lame script and jokes really hurt what could have been a pretty fun movie . Jennifer Love Hewitt 's character gave me a headache . She could fight and then she could n't and many times howling like an idiot seemed to be her way of acting tough.The movie does n't play to Jackie 's strengths either . They may be able to foist hyper quick-cut Hollywood editing on us in action movies , but it 's out of place and annoying in a Jackie Chan film . Even Jackie Chan 's weaker movies like Mr. Nice Guy had some nice fighting scenes . The plot , which is filled with gigantic holes , about water striders infecting reservoir water supplies is just plain silly . And then the screenwriters seem to write themselves in a corner when lo and behold , another tuxedo magically appears when the original one is stolen.Even the blooper reel that normally accompanies Jackie Chan 's movies , seemed interested in just showing us Jennifer Love Hewitt blowing her lines by laughing hysterically all the time.On paper this movie sounded like it could have worked , but on almost all levels -LRB- bad script , directing , casting AND dialogue -RRB- it 's a dud . Even if you 're a huge Jackie Chan fan , I 'd still suggest leaving The Tuxedo off your list .
 No one could love Jackie Chan more than I do - let 's face it , the man is a brilliant comedian , physics-defying kung-fu master , and a genuine sweet guy . Also a man who is well aware of his own strengths , which has me scratching my head at his choice of The Tuxedo . -LRB- But I 'll give him the benefit of the doubt - it could n't have looked this bad on paper . -RRB- Jackie , of course , is charming as always , but even Jackie ca n't make a good movie of this abysmal mess . The idea in itself is n't too bad - it might have even worked , had the writing not been inane and the humor vulgar and completely tasteless . In the end , it 's simply embarrassing to watch . One ca n't help but feel that Jackie Chan , in his infinite nice-ness , was taken advantage of.However , I give it two stars -LRB- instead of one -RRB- for the following reasons :1 . The unexpected pleasure of seeing Jason Isaacs playing a good guy - too bad his part was so small , and the scenes between Jason and Jackie were extremely limited , as they were the best part of the movie .2 . The blooper reel . Always a scream - no one does outtakes better than Jackie ! After this gratingly bad movie , it is refreshing to see a reminder of why we fell in love with him in the first place .3 . Jackie 's charm and presence , while not enough to make a bad movie good , are not completely wasted . He has some fine moments.Bottom line - for die-hard Jackie Chan fans who simply must see his every movie , by all means , rent it , watch it , and get it over with . For everyone else , you might as well not waste your time .
 Though watchable and somewhat engaging , the problem with `` The Tuxedo '' is that it comes up short in the two elements one looks forward to in a Jackie Chan film
 When it comes to pure charisma , the only Hong Kong actor who matches with Jackie Chan is Chow Yun-Fat -LRB- who is , overall , probably a better actor -RRB- . What is it about Chan that appeals to so many people ? It 's not only that he does all his stunts for real , but he seems like a natural , care-free , fun-loving kind of guy . In every film he 's been in , you ca n't help but notice his enthusiasm , even when he 's starring in crap.And thus we segue to The Tuxedo , a sort-of spy spoof which Chan stars as Jimmy Tong , a reckless taxi driver with a crush on a woman working in an art exhibition . Because of his top-notch driving skills , he 's hired as Clark Devlin 's -LRB- Jason Isaacs -RRB- personal driver . Devlin is one suave fellow , with a fine tuxedo to boot , but he falls into a coma after an incident involving an explosive.Tong , as his good friend and employee , feels obligated to find out what happened to his boss so he dresses himself in Devlin 's tuxedo , which apparently enables the wearer superhuman ability and agility . Posing as Devlin , Tong partners with a secret agent named Del Blaine -LRB- Jennifer Love Hewitt -RRB- to expose a crime to poison the world 's water supply.For a good twenty or so minutes , the film is actually pretty enjoyable fluff , with a cool car `` chase , '' which is really just Chan driving real fast , but fun to watch , nonetheless . However , once Hewitt is introduced as Chan 's partner , the whole thing goes downhill with mindless blather about water . It seems the villain intends to poison the world 's water supply so that only his bottled water is safe.Utter stupidity of the plan aside -LRB- poison water , ecosystem ... dead , anyone ? -RRB- , it 's just not the kind of set-up we want for a Chan flick . This is n't the first film he 's posed as a secret agent -LRB- see the far superior First Strike or Who am I ? -RRB- but this time around , it ultimately drags the picture down . For one thing , the film 's most interesting character is n't Chan , it 's Isaacs ' Clark Devlin , who really is a cool and suave individual -LRB- Isaac himself has always been a very underrated actor -RRB- . Chan is his enthusiastic self as usual , but when it comes to performing nifty stunts , forget it , the stuff here looks too manipulated , which entirely defeats the charm of watching Jackie Chan take on countless opponents . The humor is n't very good , either , with relentlessly predictable jokes -LRB- `` nice rack '' -RRB- and an astonishingly digressive segment involving Chan performing like James Brown , which is cringe-worthy , to say the least.Last , and possibly least , there 's Jennifer Love Hewitt , who 's a fairly pretty actress and as far as genuine talent goes ... well , I 've seen much worse -LRB- Denise Richards , I 'm looking at you -RRB- . But here , she 's just annoying , called on by the script to do nothing but whine and complain . Worse yet , the movie never even opts to give us a good cleavage shot , which might have made the more annoying bits bearable.As far as story goes , the plot is lame , the villains make zero impression , and the gadgets ... well , the tuxedo IS the gadget and it 's not a very impressive one , at that . For superior martial arts entertainment , check out First Strike or Who am I ? * 1/2 out of *****
 The Tuxedo is an example of horrid movie-making . There are no comedic aspects present in the film . There are few action scenes that stick to punches and kicks mostly . I 've seen you kick stuff before Jackie , and this is just awful . There is nothing in this film that is cool . No characters , set designs , effects , comedy , action , or anything that makes a film good . I do n't even understand why this movie was made ... 1 stars .
 This movie sucked ! Jackie Chan , you 're losing it man ! Teaming up with Jennifer Love Hewitt , god what a joke .
 If you do n't go to see a Jackie Chan movie for his fighting style , or the comedic entertainment he brings using his fighting skill , then this is the movie for you.Forget the plot , and forget whatever the story is supposed to be - comedy , action , whatever . I think most people want to see Jackie Chan use his fighting skills in a movie , not `` rely '' on a Tuxedo to do it for him.Now , Jennifer Love Hewitt lends nothing to the story . Her character is beyond trite and common , but we are all used to the female 's role being lame . This premise is too pathetic to give any enjoyment . I think the major flaw of this movie is that we know Jackie Chan does n't need the Tuxedo . We do n't see him as a bumbling fool who can not pull off a roundhouse kick without falling on his behind . I know this is the major flaw because The Medallion was slight on plot , but still entertaining because watching Jackie Chan is fun .
 WE all have to grow up at some point . No way around it . Unfortunately Jackie Chan and his production team have seemingly not grasped this yet and have tried once more to have him play the young naive character who is thrust into glory . Sadly , his age showed , as did the fact that they worked very hard to cover diminishing physical skills with special effects . Worse still , his innate charm was masked by the erratic pacing of the film and the surprisingly annoying performance of Hewitt.I hate to say it , I feel this was his worst film ever , surpassing Thunderbolt and those of the Lo Wei low budget era.He deserverd better
 Another victim of the Hollywood monster ! Lousy , lousy , lousy ! The movie lacked even a semi-decent plot , acting with a notable exception of a five minutes screen time of Clark Devlin character -LRB- whoever this British bloke was -RRB- , directing , music , did I say plot ? If you are die-hard Jackie Chan 's fan , as I am , save $ 8.50 and rent this stupid flick later . Otherwise , watch the movies from his past glory . RIP .
 I watched this one over the weekend based on a second-hand recommendation that `` this is actually a pretty good movie . '' Not so . I have seen most of the films Jackie Chan has made over the past ten years or so , and normally I find them to be fun and entertaining . This one , on the other hand , qualified only marginally in either category.Jackie plays Jimmy Tong , a humble taxi driver turned chauffeur for the suave Clark Devlin . Devlin is a `` James Bond '' type of high tech spy equipped with all sorts of amazing gadgetry , not the least of which is a tuxedo which essentially `` takes control '' of the wearer 's neurological system to perform all manner of untrained actions , from acrobatics and ballroom dancing to martial arts and rifle marksmanship , with a host of other functions in between.Devlin 's task to is to thwart the maniacal villain -LRB- whose name escapes me , but is of no consequence in any event -RRB- whose plan is to get filthy rich by cornering the world water market . He proposes to do this by contaminating all known freshwater reservoirs with a deadly bacteria that causes hyper-dehydration and leaves its victims a dry , brittle shell . This makes for some rather disturbing death scenes at various points in the movie . As the head of a major bottled water company , the bad guy and his partners would stand to make megabucks until the problem is cleared up.Devlin is doing his best to make sure this does n't come to pass , but is incapacitated in an assassination attempt . Jimmy Tong -LRB- Chan -RRB- takes his place -LRB- and the tuxedo -RRB- to become an impromptu super-spy . He gets partnered with a rookie female agent , the lovely Del Blaine -LRB- how unexpected ! -RRB- . Together they bungle their way through the mission , with Del making liberal use of her womanly wiles , and somehow , against all odds and the known laws of physics , manage to stop the bad guy . Along the way , there are plenty of action sequences in the typical Jackie Chan style , replete with humor but frankly leaning a little too much toward slapstick . Needless to say , Jackie plies his martial arts skills in several scenes , but not with the same eye-catching , how-in-the-world-did-he-do-that effect that he normally manages.In short , I thought this one was less than riveting , not very suspenseful , with shallow humor and too much predictability . One of the few redeeming virtues was a cameo appearance by James Brown . Other than that , though , this film has very little to recommend it . Not likely to rent this one again soon -- or ever .
 Summary : Jimmy Tong -LRB- Jackie Chan -RRB- is a great cab driver , but horrible with women . Apparently his cab driving skills have gotten around -LRB- not sure how that works -RRB- and he is suddenly recruited by a secret agency to be the driver of their best agent , Clark Devlin -LRB- Jason Isaacs -RRB- . Jimmy comes to idolize Clark because he is remarkably smooth with women and a surprisingly nice guy . But when an attempt to kill Clark ends up putting him in the hospital , Jimmy decides to take over his role.Quickly Jimmy finds out that a large part of Clark 's special abilities come from ` The Tuxedo ' that he normally wears . It 's actually much more than a regular tuxedo , incorporating pretty much every single gadget/device James Bond could have ever wanted and much , much more . It even gives Jimmy the ability to fight , which he did n't have before - he was just a big wimp that could drive fast.As part of his attempt to be Clark Devlin he is contacted by another agent who was supposed to be teamed up with Clark , Del Blaine -LRB- Jennifer Love Hewitt -RRB- , who is only slightly less dim-witted than Jimmy , and Jimmy has no training as an agent . Their mission
 I wish I could see the closed captions or subtitle for profound deaf/hard of hearing audience . Amazon has failed to meet the ADA requirements .
 shows the EXACT SAME VIDEO as last week.DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY
 It just says it its qued it never downlaods ... . But I have gotten other shows and it still does not download ... Dont waist your time or money .
 There is n't enough worthwhile substance to rescue this amateurish attempt at filmmaking . The intriguing , if somewhat cliche , storyline does little to disguise the blemishes and flaws in this movie . The major downfalls are the awkward and choppy scriptwriting and directing.In general , the character progression is unbelievable , exhibiting little to no natural transition from emotion to emotion during pivotal scenes . On the other hand , the acting is decent , but also suffers from the poor writing and direction . As the product of this , you end up with a movie that you do n't want to watch but you want to know what happens at the end.I would NOT recommend this film unless you have an affinity for bad southern gothics or a vested interest in Gale Harold 's career.DO NOT watch this movie if you 're looking for gay or lesbian characters ; it only touches upon gay themes .
 Should have known better than to order this DVD . The low price should have been a tipoff . Low budget howler about what were supposed to be Che 's final days . What accurate history there was in the film was distorted , without context and , incredibly , the characters portrayed -LRB- other than Che Guevara -RRB- were either fictional or not sufficiently identified . The CIA operative Felix Rodriguez -LRB- a Cuban -RRB- who aided the Bolivians in Che 's capture , was played as an Anglo by John Ireland !! One of the most egregious historical errors in the film is that Che 's entire force is shown to be wiped out in the Yuro Ravine when , in fact , four made it out , into Chile and thereafter to Cuba . Lastly , the film just began and ended without any credits at all . Guess they were really proud of their work . Total garbage .
 I purchased this movie for my better-half and I to watch on Valentines day , figuring it was a bit of a romantic movie to settle into and watch while we cuddled . We are fans of both actors and thought it would be a good movie . We were both disappointed . Now , I do believe in Love-at-first-sight . But they did not appear to be those type of people in this movie and they were not really convincing that that is what actually occurred . The ending was a bit of a surprise ; but the leading ladies reaction was also unbelievable . She basically curled up and left her kids to fend for themselves after just like 4 days of know this guy ... Give me a break !
 Fifty-three minutes . That 's how long it takes for the Richard Gere and Diane Lane characters to have their first Hollywood-style kiss in this plodding , teary-eyed 2008 soap opera based on Nicholas Sparks ' successful 2002 novel ... and only after a life-threatening hurricane throws them in each other 's arms . Like the other adaptations of his work - Message in a Bottle , A Walk to Remember , The Notebook - it is tastefully produced with a swooning sense of romanticism and a fantasy-laden sense of character and situation . The themes are also familiar to anyone who has seen the other films since the focus is on two tortured souls who meet fortuitously , transform each other , and face some unexpected tragedy to reinforce the eternity of their love.If it sounds formulaic , it is with every major scene turning into some life lesson for some character . There is a long line of these sudsy melodramas - The Prince of Tides , The Bridges of Madison CountyandThe Lake Housecome to mind - but the difference is that first-time big-screen director George C. Wolfe does not do anything to enhance the formula despite the stellar work he has done on Broadway with `` Angels in America '' . Adapted by TV-movie veterans Ann Peacock and John Romano , the story starts with recent divorcee Adrienne Willis agreeing to watch her best friend Jean 's B&B ; , a precarious-looking oceanfront property in the picturesque hamlet of Rodanthe in North Carolina 's Outer Banks . Not only is she doing a vacationing Jean a favor , but she can also avoid her unfaithful ex-husband , a weekend dad who is becoming increasingly persistent about coming back to the family.It 's late in the vacation season and a hurricane is brewing , but the inn still has one reservation , a guest willing to pay double the rate to keep it open . The guest is Dr. Paul Flanner , a moody plastic surgeon who has come to Rodanthe from Raleigh to face the widower of a patient who died on his operating table . While it appears he is trying to avoid a malpractice suit , he also has family issues with an estranged son who has followed his father into the medical profession but decided to help the poor in Ecuador instead . Adrienne and Paul naturally follow the pattern of their damaged souls , and the rest is inevitable . In their third onscreen coupling , Gere and Lane are on familiar territory here , and while they perform capably , neither brings anything terribly new to the story . In fact , Lane 's performance feels very much a carbon copy of her work inUnder the Tuscan Sun.The surprise is the caliber of actors that the producers have been able to recruit to fill the minor parts . Currently wowing critics as Mrs. Miller in Doubt , an almost unrecognizable Viola Davis is relegated to sassy best friend as Jean , while a taciturn Scott Glenn and an uncredited James Franco show up as the emotionally wounded widower and Paul 's son Mark , respectively . It 's a shame none of them are given material worthy of their talent . Instead , we are given a big-budget Lifetime TV-movie that moves glacially until a hectic montage of letters leads to the unsurprising resolution . The bare-bones 2009 DVD offers no extras other than full-screen and wide-screen versions on opposite sides of the disc .
 A co-worker/former supervisor asked about this film in it 's release week , wanting to know where to get a good price on it from local retailers . It seems he intended to make it a Valentines day present for his spouse and despite telling him many times that Amazon is typically -LRB- on a fairly consistent basis -RRB- the cheapest place to get Blu-rays from , he was going to buy it from a brick and mortar store.Now , in the case of this individual , from personal knowledge I know that he spends time on the eastern shores of the Carolina 's seemingly every year . I assume he and his spouse really enjoy that area , and I believe he might also have some family ties to the region , so for him , Nights in Rodanthe might be a way to enjoy sights and sounds that are very familiar.He did get a copy of the film -LRB- or so he told me -RRB- , though he was a bit perturbed by the price he was charged for it . That said , he turned down my jestful suggestion of buying this on DVD instead of DVD as he told me that his spouse is n't the type that does n't notice the difference between Blu-ray and regular DVD ; - -RRB- At least with the Blu-ray he and his spouse will be able to enjoy the scenery in high definition.Hmm , 3 paragraphs in and I have ' t really talked about the movie -LRB- if you 've read other reviews I 've done , that is n't all that typical -RRB- . That would be because , well , I already did talk about such things in the title of the review and in this case I 'm trying to talk up the good as best I can before I get to the bad.On the good side , there 's ` beautiful people ' in a fairly beautiful location . More so on the Blu-ray disc version which offers excellent picture quality for a film that is ok , but which has a story that has already been done by the same writer in another location.Without dropping a huge spoiler here , another reviewer -LRB- possibly several -RRB- mention that the story comes from a writer that just does n't seem capable of writing a story that goes in another , less predictable , less contrived , and less manipulative direction . If you know that in advance , then you know what you 'll be getting with this film.As I sat and watched the film with my own spouse I came further and further to the conclusion that this film 's story was something that I had seen before in another film . Even though I did n't recognize and/or had n't paid attention to the connection , I started seeing parallels to the film Message in a Bottle . Once I checked the details of the film and saw Nicolas Sparks name , I knew why . Different location -LRB- barely really -RRB- , but same sort of emotional manipulation.In the end I 'd say this is something that some will absolutely love , but most would likely want to miss . Rent it first unless you are a big fan of the stars and/or unless you really loved The Notebook or Message in a Bottle .
 I 'm a sucker for romantic stories with tragic endings . This should have worked , but it did not ! I was actually so bored , that I stopped watching in the middle . Later , I watched the rest and , yes , I did know how it would end . I felt that this was truly a `` pot-boiler '' . `` Just write another one just like the last one . '' Too bad ... pretty people and scenery though .
 I 've made calls to amazon to contact me about the piracy of these cds . . no response . . I will never order cds from amazon
 i barely sat through this movie . the only reason i did n't leave was because i was dragged by two friends . halfway through the movie , the three of us were laughing out loud at parts that were supposed to be so ` deep ` how miraculous they stay in a beach-house at the edge of the ocean during a nasty hurricane ... his car isnt even destroyed . and did anyone else see that ` horses ' part at the end coming a mile away.gag ... what a crap movie
 Despite having a good cast ` Nights At Rodathe ' never seems to get off the ground . Gere and Lane are fine actors and very likable , but I never felt any chemistry between them . I found watching the two of them fumbling around on the bed for an uncomfortable amount of time nauseating -LRB- Gere is 60 -RRB- . The characters are under developed and this makes for a boring first half and the `` OH MY GOD '' manipulative ending will make most viewers cry , but it made me laugh at its desperate attempt to save this mediocre film . All they needed to do is have Lane hang herself as the credits rolled to put the icing on the cake ! On the plus side Scott Glen has an all too brief role as a grieving husband which is the film 's best scenes .
 I mainly wanted to see this movie because of the location -- I live in Raleigh , NC and the Outerbanks is truly one of the most beautiful places on this earth . However , the beauty of the location was overshadowed by the sheer awfulness of this movie . Predictable , schmatlzy , and just plain bad -- I was p.o ` ed that I wasted 1 hr 36 minutes of my life watching this crappy movie . I expected more from Lane and Geer , both seasoned actors . Admittedly , I 'm not the demographic this movie targets , but come on , who could really believe this crap ? Just say no and skip this one .
 Nice title , great stars -LRB- I love Richard Gere and Diane Lane -RRB- , but this movie just did n't work . It was so formulaic and contrived that I could n't get absorbed in this at all . I kept feeling bored and thinking , `` this is terrible . '' This film is the worst I 've seen from either of these fine actors . Between them , they 've been in many two-star films , including Under the Tuscan Sun which I loved -- which were gems compared to this film . Thus , the one star .
 Eat your popcorn quick so you 'll have a bowl to puke in if you ca n't look away from movie disasters . The screen play must have been generated by cliche software . The actors look old and embarrassed , except for Richard Gere , who leads with his usual self-satisfied countenance . The plot was even more rickety than the house perched perilously on stilts on the beach . That it survives a hurricane is as believable as ever other detail of this pathetic movie .
 Incredibly bad and on the same level as Autumn in New York which was a Gere film with a similar premise.The worst parts :1 . No real depth to characters .2 . Over the top acting/behavior during scenes when a person would not normally behave that way in real life .3 . Zero chemistry between Gere and Lane and I mean zero .4 . The first time the characters kissed it was so bad we started laughing . The general sentiment was , `` Now ? They 've chosen this moment of all moments to make out ? `` 5 . Watching Gere and Lane kiss , especially in the driveway scene , was like watching two senior citizens grappling around in the dark . Zero chemistry , zero passion , and actual fumbling . Yeach!Maybe they should cast Gere with someone he ca n't stand . At least in An Officer and a Gentleman he and Debra Winger were passionate even if it was only in their dislike for one another off screen . Lane has no sex appeal and her played out hairstyle and drab wardrobe in this film were awful . Skip it !
 The condition of the movie is perfect but the content of the movie sucked . I 'm glad I did n't go to the movie theatre to see this waste of time .
 First , let me add that I love Nicholas Sparks books/movies and all romantic movies in general . These characters however had absolutely no chemistry together . It did n't feel real like `` The Notebook '' or `` Walk to Remember '' . Even the parts that were supposed to be highly emotional were n't for me because I could not connect with the characters or storyline . It was boring right from the beginning , dull , lifeless , and I could n't wait for it to be over . Which is sad because I thought this could be great being `` The Notebook '' is my favorite movie that I can watch over and over . This you seen it once you seen it enough . Strange thing is I like both actors I just did n't fit well together . Needless , to say there was `` alot '' of things off about this movie that could have been done much better .
 Why does someone always have to die in a Nicholas Sparks story ? Diane Lane and Richard Gere are wonderful actors , but this movie felt like the recipe for Message in a Bottle with a few changes . I have n't read the book , so maybe it 's better ... maybe . But only if Gere 's character does n't die . It 's not necessary to make a good story ! Lame , lame movie . I was really dissapointed .
 This is such a lame cookie cutter Hollywood romance flick that is so commonplace these days . No character development and very little onscreen chemistry . If this is the future of Hollywood romances ; how sad .
 Since I ordered the dvd on 2/15 and it 's now 3/22 and I still have n't received it - what would you think my review would be ?
 This movie was more predictable than the sun rising every morning lol ... even for a light romance movie , it did n't have near the charm or appeal of say , Under the Tuscan Sun . The performances -LRB- and characters -RRB- were pedestrian and routine , and the whole movie felt like not much more than an excuse for friends Gere and Lane to work together . Get ` Unfaithful ' for a leagues better movie with Gere/Lane .
 I felt this was a rather boring , predictable story , and very slow to get started . The only reason I watched was because of the actors , who did a great job with the material they were given . The beach scenery in NC was beautiful . The movie was disjointed in places , making me wonder for a time what was happening at that moment . I feel that Hallmark produces a much higher quality of romance movie than this .
 I bought Nights in Rodanthe hoping to see a great movie set in one of my favorite vacation spots -- the Outer Banks of North Carolina . There were a few shots of familiar things , but not a lot . Still , it would have been acceptable if the movie had had any substance . I found it rather boring and anxiously awaited its end . I rank it with the other duds I 've seen -- Cold Mountain , Australia ... It was simply stated -- weak .
 This book was by far one of the most beautifully written novels . I read it , I cried . I made my husband read it , he really really wanted to cry . Gave it to my best friend , she balled her eyes out ! So of course we were excited to see what Hollywood did with this literary masterpiece . I was dissapointed to say the least . The movie did n't even come close to following the storyline of the book . It was SO loosely based on the book in fact , it shouldv ' e had a different title as far as I was concerned . Maybe then I would have enjoyed it . Not to mention the fact that it was slow moving for a while . I remember renting this movie years ago before I read the book . I fell asleep on it and ended up returning it the next day . This time , since I 'd read the book , I tried my best to stay awake but literally had to stop the movie on several occasions to go do something else to keep me awake so I could suffer through the whole thing . I really wish I had nicer things to say about this film since I loved its counterpart SO much . However , much to my dismay , this is the best I can do . : -RRB-
 My sweetie and I settled down on the couch for a good , romantic movie . This was n't it . I found parts of it annoying , like how they did n't have the house ready for the hurricane before it hit . The scene of throwing the cans in the garbage was just stupid . And the ending was terrible.I would not recommend this movie to anyone.Such a shame , since I like both Richard Gere and Diane Lane .
 I am a huge Nicholas Sparks fan , and both Diane Lane and Richard Gere are favorites . But something about this movie just never delivered . I agree with some of the previous reviews , not a keeper , and definitely disappointing . Thumbs down !
 Pretty landscape but the acting was terrible and canned . Turned it off after half through .
 I really like Richard Gere movies and always fall in love right along with his leading ladies . This movie was a huge disappointment . Not realistic or believable at all . It was also a bit boring . The ending could have been played out much better too .
 I love both Richard Gere and Diane Lane , so I can only hope that this dismal , awful movie is a one-off . Brook Benton and Dinah Washington voices were wonderful to hear - just wish they were n't in this forgettable movie .
 * Just to be fair , this contains a movie spoiler * I should have known better . I did n't have a warm fuzzy feeling prior to renting this movie , but thought I would give it a chance because of Diane Lane and Richard Gere . No matter how excellent of actors these two veterans may be they could not save this movie . About halfway through I quickly realized this would be a typical Nicholas Sparks story and began predicting the end . Sure enough someone dies . Just like every other love story the author pens . Besides this there was so little character development that it was hard to genuinely care about the people . Since I knew other movies that had begun as a Nicholas Sparks book , I actually predicted about 90 % of the movie . It became so hilarious that my boyfriend was in tears by the end of the movie , just because I was right about most everything . Again , I love Diane Lane , she 's one of my favorite actresses ; Richard Gere and she lit up the screen in Unfaithful , but this is not worth the price of a rental . No wonder it tanked on the big screen and went so quickly to DVD . If you wish for your memory of Unfaithful to remain unblemished DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE !
 This movie sucks a big one no joke I pukedSo hard I barley had enough strength to snap the disc into 50 peices
 Just the worst ! Totally mechanical , contrived plot -- and the voiceover readings of the love letters as we approach the tragic end -- gag me with a spoon . However , I give this movie one big star , for innoculating me against Nicholas Sparks ; I 've never read one of his books ; I can thank this movie for making sure I never will .
 It is a good thing that this movie is n't any longer than it is . I found myself checking the clock frequently because I could not wait for it to be over.The characters , a wife whose cheating husband wants her to take him back is played by Diane Lane . Richard Gere plays a surgeon who chose his career over his family and recently had a patient die on his table . Thats about as much about these characters as the movie gives you . There is hardly any development at all , which leaves you watching a movie that might as well be about two squirrels sharing a tree and eating nuts together . It drags you through this short and awkward love story which never quite gets you to understand their feelings and does not draw you in whatsoever . The ending is also severely unsatisfying and leaves you just kind of sitting there staring at the screen and waiting for the credits to start just to make sure that yep , thats the end.If you really want to watch it , just fast forward through it and get it over with in 10 minutes because thats all it takes . You wo n't miss anything . Trust me .
 This is a rip off , the movie is horrible , its trying to be on the same level as P.S I love you . Do not see this movie , my wife and I sat through it and she is in love with these kinds of movies and there was no emotion from her at all . Do not see this , if you want to , just go see something else because you are not missing anything at all !
 I really wasted my $ 2 renting this from my local library . You could watch the last 30 minutes and not miss much . The movie has a dissapointing ending . I can only assume that the book was good because of the writer and this is a case of too much editing .
 I saw this in theatres with my husband and was so excited to see it because I love Nicholas Sparks books and loved A Walk to Remember and The Notebook . All I can say is that this was just downright boring-I liked the book though . And I know it really ca n't be the actor 's faults because they had great ability to act together in Unfaithful . It just seemed long and never ending and just boring , as if the magic that makes a movie great was n't there .
 I am a big fan of other movies by this author , especially The Notebook and A Walk To Remember . This was not one of my favorite books so I really should n't have been surprised that the movie was below par . I thought the story was totally lacking and completely unbelievable . I love these two actors , but would not recommend this movie .
 What a waste . Gere , Lane , beautiful scenery , even a hurricane , for goodness sake ... but it flops . The story is more Nicholas Sparks emotion-by-the-numbers , and it adds up to less than zero . There is no sizzle between the actors , and the so the director resorts to camera tricks and mood lighting in a failed attempt to inject some life into this dead story . The only moments of genuine sentiment are when veteran actor Scott Glenn , as a grieving husband , is on the screen . He manages to convey something real ; but the rest is just hollowness . Do n't waste your time on this turkey .
 This is a dreadful movie but the book was amazing , sweet and brilliant . The movie is nothing at all like the book . The essential parts of the story have been butchered beyond recognition and I wish I could erase it from my memory . Please do n't watch this but read the book instead !!!
 This is possibly the worst movie I 've ever seen . The entire time I was watching I kept waiting for it to be over , or for something to finally happen . Neither event occurred .
 I loved the premise of this film and I like both Gere and Lane as actors , so I was looking forward to seeing it . There was a decent love story and a hurricane involved . I 've always enjoyed movies and books where the energy of storms ratcheted up the emotional tension , so I liked those scenes in particular.That said , what happened later in the plot was a downer . If you have n't seen it , but want to , go ahead . Overall , it 's not a bad story , but be prepared for a tearjerker ending , similar to Kevin Costner 's movie , Message in a Bottle .
 I read the book first and absolutely loved it . I got lost in the characters and could not put it down . I could not wait to see the movie ... boy was I disappointed !! They changed quite a bit in the movie and left quite a bit out . If you never read the book then I guess the movie is okay . If you read the book , be prepared to be let down !
 Positives : -LRB- 1 . -RRB- Nice house.Negatives : -LRB- 1 . -RRB- Contrived , obvious acting with highly edited memorized one liners . -LRB- 2 . -RRB- Cliched and staged scenes as follows : -LRB- a. -RRB- Divorced male and female meet at seaside inn . -LRB- b. -RRB- Both have ex-spouse and children family issues . -LRB- c. -RRB- A storm approaches to set the stage for a brief compulsory sex interlude where they almost resolve all their past issues . -LRB- d. -RRB- However , one of them dies in a most improbable finale which lends itself to finally resolving all the family issues while adding a bit of drama/emotion to the movie .
 i just wanted to add my agreement that this was the worst movie that my husband and i have seen in a long time.there was no chemistry at all between the main characters , we really could n't have cared less what happened to them , many parts screamed `` feel deep emotion '' but came off SO cheesy . all of that ending with a broken family and a dead lover . awesome stuff !! my husband said the only emotional part was when the doctor 's car got kicked . :-RRB- save your time and money and get something else .
 UGH ! I have watched yet another bad romance film ! The only difference here is the fact that this one is worse than droves of most other bad romance films I 've seen over the last two years . I 've only recently started exploring romance films and I 've been treated to many great films , some not-so-good , many terrible , and then there is the group of utterly horrible romance films I 've seen which Nights In Rodanthe unfortunately joins . I 've never seen a film genre that is in such decline as romance , and films like this monstrosity are to blame for destroying a genre responsible for some of the greatest films of all time.WHAT IT 'S ABOUT
 I think I 'd faint if Nicholas Sparks ever wrote a story with a happy ending . Even the movies made `` based on '' his books are the same . I give this 2 stars only because I love the actors too much to rate anything they do badly .
 Very predicable , no chemistry between the actors and all around a waste of time for me . Hollywood just has to do better or people will stop going to see their pathetic movies that they churn out . I gave it two stars for scenery ~ ~ I love that part of NC !
 I was disappointed in this film . Were it not for Richard Gere and Diane Lane starring , I would n't have purchased it . They did not make good use of the beautiful beaches on the Outer Banks nor the talent of the stars . The book was much better .
 If you just love Richard Gere and Diane Lane , then this is a movie for you . However , if you 'd rather watch a movie where there 's some real love , relationship development , and chemistry , well pass on this film . This was a drippy , predicatble , overdone story - started with Love Story in 1970 . At least Love Story had a gorgeous Ali McGraw and Ryan O'Neil in their 20 's . Here we get Gere and Lane in their 50 's . Sadly , there are just no tears from this viewer , and he is a sucker for a good love story , at the end . The film crying here was almost humorous . My wife and I watched this film on Valentine 's day expecting it to be , well a bit romantic . Both of us agreed , fast forward button after an hour and 20 minutes , with 30 minutes to go.Here is why this movie is a moderate stinker . At 43 minutes into the film , Adrienne leads Paul upstairs to an unlit room . She turns on the lights to reveal a studio full of paintings and shrines to her friend 's mother . The second item we see -LRB- before anyone would have time to do this -RRB- is a close up of that shrine , picture of mother , some objects , and a lit candle !!! A lit candle . Nobody had time to light that candle , but there it was in all it 's glory , a fairly freshly lit candle - not an eternal flame candle . I noticed that detail , I was so bored with the film.Now , why not 1 star instead of 2 ? The production values of this film were really high . There were only a few minor camera movement lapses -LRB- early in the film for absolutely no reason , the cameraman uses a handheld camera on a fixed angle view and moves around -RRB- , focus is generally spot on , and the scenes are all very well lit . Sound was well recorded , dialog was clear . The storm scene , the crazy booming in the house was totally wrong . Out of the blue , the film felt like a slasher horror movie and then is silent with no resolution.The downside to this film , the script , and no chemistry between the two lead characters . Christopher Meloni -LRB- Law and Order SVU -RRB- is kind of sad in this film . I happen to really like his work . But in this film he plays a lame dad / ex-husband that just plain old says all the wrong things , and looks a bit like a bafoon.Not as bad a film as many others . But there is certainly much better around . Hey , just watch the original sappy film , Love Story , and cut out the middle man.PG-13 , but just barely . If a younger viewer has a strong stomach for sappy love stories , then by all means . There 's no nudity . There is about a 2 or 3 minute scene in bed , but nothing is really shown . I ca n't remember any language problems . The DVD has absolutely no bonus features , guess who would really want them ?
 I ca n't believe I even made it through this entire movie . The talents of both Gere and Lane are wasted in this overly dramatic , poorly written , and unbelievable sap-fest . Just when you thought it was at it 's sappiest , it got even worse.I normally enjoy a good tear-jerker but this was just ridiculous . The only tears I shed were the tears of pain in having to endure such nonsense .
 I 'm trying to find something good to say about this film , but `` nice scenery '' is about the best I can do . I 've loved both Diane Lane and Richard Gere in earlier films so I had hopes for this . The first time I played it I had to stop after about 15 minutes into it . It was the candlelight dinner that made me nauseous -- what a terrible script !! One trite cliche after another . I wonder how these actors got through it ? Maybe they were so glad to have starring roles at their age ? Too bad . They are both attractive aging people and it would have been nice to see them in a script that honored that place in their lives . This was an embarrassment!A few nights later I thought I 'd give it another try and I only lasted five more minutes ... that terrible dinner!I find the Amazon review really hard to believe !
 The story is bland , but as a North Carolinian I loved the scenery and the horses on the Outer Banks ! Some of the musicians are North Carolinians . It was fun to see the skyline of Raleigh in the opening scene.Edgerton 's stories are so predictable ; somebody always has to die !
 Thin plot . Predictable ending . Beautiful setting . Recent hurricanes certainly did n't look this romantic . Should n't make anyone want to &#34; ride it out . &#34;
 childish love story . Nights in Rodanthe . More like a made for TV soap opera . Do n't waste your money . Very stupid film .
 I found it quite surprising and interesting that James Franco asDr . Fanning 's son , Mark , was not listed in the credits at the end ofthe movie . The credits list others who had extremely minor walk-on roles buttotally ignore Franco . How can this happen ? Is it a huge oversight orintentional for some reason ? Very curious .
 ... and what a shame ! The two worthy leads not seeming to try very hard , with Gere perhaps faring better than Lane ... whose part seems to be not as well-written as that of the male-lead . It 's too bad that one of the few recent cinematic attempts to explore mature adult-relationships , among still very attractive protagonists , lapses into the banal and predictable , with a cheap and too-easy emotional trick at the conclusion . Of note , however , is the fine and understated ... though powerful performance of supporting player , Scott Glenn ... a wonderful example of
 Great book , great setting , great cast , what happened ? Everything you liked about Richard Gere and Dianne Lane in `` Unfaithful '' you wo n't find here . No sparks , no fireworks , no emotion , no tears . We unfortunately are not given a chance to care.The film is poorly directed by an ageing , yet inexperienced TV director with an old fashioned shooting style , and it shows . This combined with a screenplay that has not sufficiently been flushed out and too rigorous editing -LRB- despite the short 97 minutes running time -RRB- , leads to a non credible flow and build up of the love story . We do n't connect and care for the characters the way we should . We simply do not believe the depth and power of their short 4 day encounter that supposedly had that much of an impact on their lives during and afterwards . The opportunities in the film to make it believable were rushed and lost . In stead we get boredom and predictability with scenes and emotions that ring false . A different director with a better edit might have been more successful . The elements to make it work with the original story from the book , the great cast and the beautiful setting were there.The blu-ray itself is a delight . Sharp , colorful , simply beautiful . The audio wo n't impress but this is understandable for a dialogue driven film like this.If you are a big sucker for love stories , rent it , otherwise pass .
 I was so disappointed in this movie . I love both Richard Gere and Diane Lane . The scenery was beautiful . That is probably the best I can say about this movie . Do n't waste your time or money on this movie . Very boring !
 This film was not only a waste of time and money , but the acting and dialogue was unbelievably diabolical . I just couldnt believe how this film ever was released . At one point I actually thought they had frozen Debra Paget 's face , it was just RIGID with some words coming out of her mouth.The sound and quality of the DVD matched its acting - extremely bad to say the least . It was a total waste of money on my part , and I certainly would not recommend it unless you are THAT keen.I enjoy watching anything to do with ancient Egypt , but this film was torture to me and it goes straight into the bin .
 The video quality is very very poor and you can tell that it is a cheap remake . I will not be purchasing any other videos from this dealer as to it is not at all worth your money
 This film is , in itself , worth 4 or 5 stars , no doubt . This version is deserving of less than 1 . This is a mutilated , butchered copy that deserves only the fire . Ulysses is one of the earliest widescreen films made -LRB- 1l66 :1 -RRB- and deserves to be preserved as such . What you 're being offered is a hacked-up `` full '' screen mess -LRB- 1.33:1 -RRB- . The term `` full '' screen is a marketing ploy , a lie to deceive consumers . The FULL screen is whatever the director made in the first place . Until a full widescreen copy of Ulysses appear , avoid this travesty like the plague .
 As a child I thought `` Ulysses '' was a great movie . So was my opinion of the original Godzilla , and Rodan , etc. . Sadly , after ordering the DVD , I quickly realized that a child sees things through different eyes than does an adult . The cyclops scene was the only excitement worth noting -LRB- despite a terrible makeup job on the cyclops -RRB- . The film is basicaly a big letdown . The sound and picture quality are very poor ; a lot of static in the sound and a picture that sorely needs to be remastered and cleaned up . The film offers 3 language choices -LRB- English , Italian , and French -RRB- but there are no subtitle options or extras . For the selling price `` Ulysses '' might not be a terrible film , but it is n't the classic that I remember it being either . Buy it if you must , but you were forewarned .
 This DVD copy is poorly done . The original movie was in glorious color . This DVD was done `` on the cheap . '' Colors are muddy . The sound quality is also poor - the music is distorted in parts . When the movie was originally dubbed into English for US release , it may have satisfied audiences in the 1950s -LRB- as it did me when I first saw it back then ! -RRB- , but it is time to re-dub every actor 's lines except for Kirk Douglas . Every other voice on the DVD sounds flat and tinny . The voices sound almost the same for all of the male characters.Step one
 Ulysses takes great literature and reduces it to mundane , baddly acted drama that even a young Kirk Douglas could not save . Dubbed , baddly acted and written it reduces classic literature to mundane run of the mill class &#34; B &#34; film making . This Movie has no redeeming qualitites .
 The movie , as I remember is great . But the DVD I received is for region 1 and I am in region 4 so I can not review the quality of the movie .
 Loved this movie as a young boy . Hate it now as an adult . Had I known it was dubbed in English I would n't have bought it . The bad acting , efx could 've lived with that . But the dubbing made it seem like I were watching one of the Shaw Bros. . Kung fu movies .
 Homer probably shift over many times in his grave when they were making that movie !! Why Mr Douglas allowed himself in this tragedy of making that movie ? I do n`t know ! Is the American people so ignored about history ? Probably yes!That ` s NOT the story that Homer wrote . That ` s to be expected when the name on the movie is wrong Ulysses instead Odiseas -LRB- Odyssey -RRB-
 ... it looks better in your childhood memories ! Keep it wonderful there !
 Kirk Douglas was great in his hey day , a very good story , received this movie in a timely manner , thank you very much . I thought I had ordered Spartacas & got Ulysses instead .
 The movie is not an adapation of the book . It is a good adventure movie but too far from the text and left out important detaails form the text .
 I taught the book Ulysses in my class of lower-level freshmen . When reading the book , the students were somewhat able to understand , with a lot of pausing and explanation . However , attempting to watch this movie just did not work . The fact that they were speaking in Italian and the English subtitles were relatively small , made for an all-around challenging experience.I 'm not speaking to the fact that the movie itself is not good , however , it may not work for all settings .
 Almost half of world population speak Spanish . Why do not you edit this clasic movie with subtitles -LRB- at least -RRB- in Spanish ?
 I hate not to be able to comment on the merits of the film , but as of this writing -LRB- 1/19/13 -RRB- , once you get past the part where the name of the movie is shown -LRB- I believe the term is `` title sequence '' -RRB- , the audio and video on the streaming version are noticeably out of sync . I got the same result both with my Roku player and with watching the movie in my browser . I would love to be able to watch the whole movie , but I could n't watch more than about 5-10 minutes without having to skip ahead , and I stopped less than an hour in .
 I like these kind of movies and I like Michael Rooker , but this one fails miserably . With little or no explanation to the hokey ` monster ' , you spend the entire time not understanding how it exists , how Rooker came to the lake his whole life and never saw it , why it waited until it was stuck under the ice before hunting humans , why it wounds first or sometimes kills , why why why ... Sure , some creative license is understood in a low budget horror flick , but this one just goes to far - wait until the ending if you are not convinced I am correct . You reach a point of not caring about the characters or whether this creature lives on to kill another day . Dare I mention that the creature is a modern ripoff of the Creature from the Black Lagoon ...
 `` We 're gon na need a bigger hole . '' Ray -LRB- Rooker -RRB- and his family are together again for another ice fishing trip . While they are out on the ice enjoying themselves another father and son show up and quickly start to annoy Ray and family . When they notice something `` as big as a sturgeon '' they come up with a plan to catch it . When it starts to attack them the plan changes and saving lives are the priority . I am a fan of the cheesy sci/fy channel movies , the over the top acting and bad effects make them fun to watch , going in I was expecting that level of film making from this one . I have to say this was in most cases better then that level . The acting was n't good but was n't awful either . I can actually say that about most of the movie . While the movie is n't `` good '' it does n't really do anything to annoy or make you want to stop watching . The movie seemed to know what it was and did n't try to do too much , which is a rare thing lately . The only exception to that was the last two minutes , without trying to give anything a way it was a HUGE cop-out ending and the horrible beast was pretty much a dude in a swamp thing costume you can find at Walmart ... other then the ending though this was n't terrible . Overall , not as bad as I expected and if you are into cheesy movies this one will do . I give it a C + .
 Great character actors Michael Rooker and Blanche Baker headline this low budget shocker about a strange creature lurking beneath icy waters . While it 's good to see these seasoned vets , I could n't help but wish they had a better film to support their talents . While Rooker makes the most of his role as a father and husband pushed to defend his family , Baker seems oddly strained and robotic . But performances aside , there is little in `` Hypothermia '' to excite movie-goers . You 've seen so many variations of this story -LRB- back to the Creature From The Black Lagoon -RRB- , `` Hypothermia '' really needed to bring something new or interesting to the discussion . And it really does n't . The plot , such as it is , seemed stretched even with a scant 73 minute running time . The screenplay forces characters to consistently make the most idiotic choices to protract the story to its bloody conclusion . For example , after battling the underwater monster through several deaths , one character decides to lay down right next to a fishing hole for a rest . Genius , huh ? I know that 's what I 'd do ! You 'd have to be as lame-brained as the characters not to foresee the result of this poor decision . `` Hypothermia '' is , in the most classic sense , a throw-back to the cheapie monster movies of the fifties . Wait until you get a look at the murderous creature in question . It 's a guy in a poorly fitting SCUBA suit and a bad mask . Far more silly than horrifying , this is a movie that would definitely have benefited by leaving the menacing creature largely unseen . But that 's not the choice the makers went with , the creature is front and center and elicits a few more laughs than screams . Rooker and his family have a house on the shores of an icy lake . He , his wife , his son , and his son 's girlfriend wander out for a day of ice fishing . A couple of clowns show up to share the ice with them . The father is so over-the-top , he seems to be impersonating Danny McBride at his most outrageous . When encountered with the dangerous beast , they eschew all logical choices to serve themselves up as fish food . It 's all so awkward and clunky and familiar , there 's not much fun to be had.Maybe that 's my primary problem with `` Hypothermia . '' It takes itself so darn seriously . A little camp or humor would have lightened things up immeasurably . I love bad movie monster mayhem more than most . But `` Hypothermia '' wants to play as a straight-up shocker . But without genuine thrills or originality , it falls short of its goals . I loved the ridiculous creature ! In a humorous spoof , it would have been an outrageously successful creation . But is it scary ? Do n't make me answer that . Enacting every cliche that you 've come to expect , `` Hypothermia '' simply does n't serve up satisfying drama or tension . The 73 minutes felt easily twice as long , especially when their cozy house is just a few paces away from the deadly mayhem . A silly and unoriginal misfire . KGHarris , 9/12 .
 I bought this at Target so this review is about the film and not any Amazon seller -LRB- s -RRB- and , having owned it less than four hours and watched in dismay as a couple of good performances and atmosphere were dragged down into the abyss of this lake-O - crap , I can safely say -LRB- warn -RRB- that you should not buy , rent , borrow , steal or brush up against this waste of time and money . Michael Rooker does admirably in his roll as do a couple of the bit players and the frigid atmosphere of a deep winter Maine ice-fishing outing is well photographed . However ... . there was some seriously ham-fisted acting , too obvious attack opportunities , a laughable `` creature '' that will be familiar to any one who watched the classic ` The Outer Limits ' series and any cheap-o creature feature from the 50 's - 60 's that utilized a guy in a frogman suit with fins taped on and ping-pong balls used as eyes and - then - there 's a hilarious ' talking the monster down ' epilogue . If the producers and creature -LRB- guy in ridiculous rubber suit -RRB- effects crew had put their hearts and another few thousand bucks into this , even with some shoddy acting , this could have been a righteously classic cult creature film.Sad to see the efforts of a couple of good performances sunk so deep in this clunker . Do not waste your time or money.I guess I could have just said `` It sucks ! '
 I wish I could have given this movie a negative star . Bad acting , ` slow to no ' plot , bad fake monster suit , and the stupidest movie ending I 've seen in years .
 HYPOTHERMIA is one of those `` creature features '' that would have been more successful had the film gone more humorous or campy . Unfortunately , the film takes itself way too seriously including a creature that is an actor in a silly looking scuba diver 's suit!Venerable character actors Michael Rooker and Blanche Baker give adequate performances in cliche-driven roles and there is a certain eeriness in the snowy landscapes . Blood and gore are utilized but tame compared to current standards . At only 73 minutes , HYPOTHERMIA passes quickly , so it might work as a double bill on Halloween !
 It was poorly made with a poor plot and bad acting . The so called monster was like one from the 1940s or 1950s . It was a struggle to watch it to the end . The only thing that made sense was the title , &#34; Hypothermia &#34; .
 I was ok with this movie until they revealed the monster . I was also confused about when they got bit . Did that mean they changed into the monster ? They never went into that . This was a strange movie
 Oh dear , can you say giant piranha meets Fargo ? This was cheaply done , stupidly located and ugly in its executation . -LRB- And I do mean executation -RRB- I am embarassed to say I watched it to the end , hoping for a redeeming message . All i got was : are n't you glad you did n't buy the dvd ?
 It was a so so movie , sort of suspenseful , right up to the point where we see that stupid looking 1960 's `` monster '' , really .
 I watched Bevis and Butthead on dvd and the preview to this show would always play . A beautiful song mixed with vivid , bright animation and it really sold the set for me . Too bad the animation shorts on this set are not as good as the preview . Ive only seen a few of them that are worth watching more then once . An alright set but nothing exciting , like the preview was .
 I love animation , and I think Mike Judge is talented.What could possibly go wrong?This collection is an exercise in style overtaking talent . The box set is very nicely packaged , and the enclosed booklet is quite informative and well done ; too bad the animation is n't . There are a variety of short subjects presented here , a few of which -LRB- `` Fireworks , '' for instance -RRB- are mildly absorbing , but most are stultifyingly boring , while some are just in bad taste . I very much enjoyed seeing the early Mike Judge efforts , even though I had seen them elsewhere , but I do n't know what was going through the minds of Judge and Hertzfeldt when they selected most of these . Probably my least favorites of the bunch are from Adam Eliot -LRB- who won an Academy Award for `` Harvie Krumpet '' -RRB- , who presents a totally un-amusing trilogy with a visual style I simply loathed , and four shorts from Corky Quakenbush , who apparently thinks the funniest concept in the whole world is mocking people with lisps . Words can not describe how excremental I found his `` Adventures of Ricardo '' series to be.I am very generously giving this set two stars based solely on the multiplicity of animation styles and the written commentary presented here .
 Does nobody know how to make entertaining cartoons anymore ? This collection was a rip-off of my hard-earned money . I bought it based upon the fact the Mike Judge was behind the selection process . If you like your animation cynical , depressing , and sadistic , then this collection is for you . Myself , I like to smile when I watch cartoons .
 It is the WORST compilation of animation ever done , very far of what was produced in the last 10 yearsDont buy it you will save your moneyI hope one day somebody will realese a real animation show as the one we can see at each year at SIGGRAPH which is really what the animation industry is doingAVOID ITFrancois
 So far , my 1 year old has n't been able to sit throught this one . The Sesame Street part is fine . She likes seeing Big Bird talk about songs with all of his friends , but the real weakness of the DVD is when the film of the animals comes on -LRB- which is why I bought this in the first place , because my daughter loves seeing animals -RRB- . The first segment is of a dog herding cattle , except the film is so old and grainy it reminded me of the old Lorne Greene animal documentaries he used to narrate . My daughter got bored and crawled away . So I skipped to the next song which was n't as bad , so she sat and watched it happily . Then the third song came up , and again the film looked 30 years old , and off she went . What 's the point in watching a DVD if you half to skip through half of it ? I was very disappointed with this Sesame Street effort .
 My 20 month old son loves Sesame Street and all the puppets , but this video shows too many live animal videos . It does n't keep his interest like the other videos .
 My son likes the movie ; we had owned it before but lost it so I ordered a new one . The vendor sent it in a timely fashion , but it arrived cracked and would n't play . I tried to return it but somehow AMAZON did n't have it listed as something I purchased until after the 30 day return policy had expired . Gessh ! When the system works , I love it , but when there 's a breakdown ; it 's frustrating .
 My toddler and I love the songs on this tape . But , I am troubled by some of the images . There are aardvarks in a small pen and chickens laying eggs on conveyer belt in some sort of factory farm . I realize that the tape is 15 years old , but other tapes of the same era have better images.So , we switched to Sing Yourself Silly and Kids Favorite Songs . My daughter likes them just as well , but with better images .
 Maybe you have to be intimate with the history of the Falkland Islands to understand what 's going on in this movie . I rented it because Ian McEwan wrote the screenplay , and because I usually enjoy Jonathan Pryce . But the movie makes about as much sense as the run-on sentence above in the `` Product Description . ''
 The title character is one Butcher Benton -LRB- Lon Chaney -RRB- who we first encounter on Death Row where he is awaiting execution for murder following an armoured car robbery , the proceeds of which have not been recovered . He rails aginst his lawyer and his two accomplices in the robbery and vows revenge . His body does not reach the morgue . It is taken to a laboratory where it is revived by high voltage jolts of electricity . He sets out to wreak revenge on those he feels have betrayed him . Hot on his trail are a detective and a friend of his from his former life the burlesque dancer Jane . Things build to a climax in the LA sewer system - rather like the classic monster movie Them but with much less impact . Cahney looks ill and strained throughout and the somewhat muddy soundtrack and grainy colour is no help . Direction is routine and uninspired and the voice over narration slows things down even moreThis is all pretty routine and the sight of an ill and uninspired Chaney going through the motions is sadAvoid please-unless dull B movies are your bag
 Not a badly made film , but very unengaging to say the least . Chaney opens up the film with a nice and fairly extensive dialouge exchange vowing revenge on those who sent him up the river giving promise to another film in alignment with his more sucessful Man Made Monster.From that point on it was clear this was a paint by numbers job that only uses Chaney in what might be called an ` extensive cameo ' role . A haggerty Chaney lumbers his way thru the film , no line of dialouge save for the opening exchange , doing his monster on the rampage thing . I never really bought the ` he was too drunk to remember his lines so they wrote him as a mute in all his films ' theory , especially considering the fantastic job he does on the opening dialouge exchange here , but the remainder of this film makes me think there may have been some inkling of truth to it . or maybe there just was n't enough of a paycheck in it to make alot of work remembering lines worth his while.There are other members of the cast with much more dialouge and screen time than Chaney and when Chaney is not onscreen , you may easily mistake this flick for a Z grade cop thriller fro mthe 50 's . Overall , I 'd say skip this one unless you 're a Lon Chaney jr completeist . For a good lesser known Chaney monster film , see Man Made Monster . For a hammy later years B effort from a haggerty and weather beaten Lon Chaney jr , see The Alligator People or The Cyclops first .
 Jack Pollexfen 's second and last directorial effort , The Indestructible Man , is an unfortunate , snooze-inducing mess . The basic ideas are very promising . It combines a funky film-noir with a modern -LRB- for 1956 -RRB- update on the Frankenstein story , with one of my favorite actors , Lon Chaney , Jr. as the `` monster '' , and it 's the first film I know of to use the basic plot later employed for Wes Craven 's Shocker -LRB- 1989 -RRB- . Yet , despite this only being about 70 minutes long , I started watching about two hours before my normal bedtime and I could barely stay awake until the end . I know I zoned out a couple times but hardly felt compelled to rewind the disc and make sure I did n't miss anything.What really kills the film is the writing , which is surprising , because Pollexfen 's principal vocation throughout his career was as a writer . But for some reason , he did n't write this . Two people I 've never heard of did the job instead -- Vy Russell and Sue Bradford . At times , the writing resembles Ed Wood , especially in the narration , which was a bad idea . Not that the direction is much to speak of , but aside from letting some bad , out of focus cinematography slide by , it 's pretty competent in a poverty-row sort of way -LRB- I happen to like many of the poverty row pictures a lot -RRB- . Chaney does n't get to do enough here , and the plot demands that he can not speak for most of the film . Max Showalter , the detective/narrator , and to a lesser extent Marian Carr are the stars . Showalter 's okay , and Carr is attractive and decent enough , but I would have rather had more Chaney . In the bad directorial decision department , there are a few times that Pollexfen has Chaney make Lugosi-Dracula-like googly eyes while he moves towards the camera . It 's a bad idea both because it 's very cheesy in a bad way and it 's responsible for a lot of the out of focus stuff . I do n't know if they did n't have a focus puller or if he had already fallen asleep.In the middle , I also started to lose track of the various victims . They all kinda looked the same , there was n't much character development , and the scenes leading up to their demises were drawn out and bland . Once the victim entered the scene , they were n't in it for very long . On the other hand , I did mention that I zoned out a few times.However , there are some interesting features besides the good core ideas . One is that there is some structural resemblance , especially during the end , to Orson Welles ' Touch of Evil , believe it or not , and that came out in 1958 -- two years after this . There is also a bit of structural resemblance in the end of Blacula -LRB- 1972 -RRB- . Not that this film was influential . The resemblance was probably coincidental , and for all I know , Indestructible Man stole some of this stuff from other sources , but just maybe ... and it 's still interesting to witness , anyway.I 'm mostly complaining in this review , but it 's not that this is a completely awful film . It 's certainly worth seeing if you 're a Chaney fan , a film-noir fan or a Frankenstein film fan . Just do n't expect too much , and preferably watch it when you 're wide awake .
 As a major fan of MST3K , I was very disappointed to see what tiitles were included in Volume 11 . Ring of Terror was the best of the group , which really is n't saying too much . The Indestructible Man is mediocre , Tormented is depressing and boring and Horrors Of Spider Island was n't that memorable either . The extras are the best things about this release . My question is why do n't they release the Finnish productions -LRB- Day The Earth Froze , Magic Voyage Of Sinbad , Sword & The Dragon and Jack Frost . -RRB- ? These episodes are hilarious , and I ca n't believe the rights could be that difficult to get . I realize all DVD releases of MST3K depend on rights , but they could 've chosen better titles for this release .
 Not him personally , but whatever happened to his career ? He seemed like such a fine actor in `` They Shoot Horses , Do n't They '' and `` The Reincarnation of Peter Proud . '' He 's fine in this film too but once again , the 70s version of the `` rebel '' who wo n't conform to society -LRB- or society that wo n't conform to him -RRB- seems a little dated . One just has to view this film in the proper perspective in order to enjoy it .
 I almost bought it until I read the product description which gave away the whole story and even told how it ended , so why buy it ?
 The tape was a bit defective in that it had lines through it a lot of times and at times it would get large , then small then large , again , then to normal .
 I thought this would be interesting since the Warrens were sometimes quite convincing in making the world believe in one of America 's biggest hoaxes - The Amityville Haunting . All I got here was one of the worst , unconvincing and boring shows I ever saw . I know this show was quite old , but the picture and sound quality were also extremely poor-to the point that I was pretty mad that I was even charged for it.I felt like quite the fool paying for this , but unfortunately nobody had reviewed it beforehand . Quite frankly I would have been more entertained by going outside and trying to watch the grass grow !! YES , IT WAS THAT BAD !
 The idea was interesting . A 16 year old girl who is visiting East Germany with her father is drawn into the past , to the Nazi era . The idea is the only good aspect to the movie , however . First you have a bad script . Throughout the entire movie George Segal mostly just repeats himself - `` I 'm ashamed of you , Carla . '' `` I expected better of you , Carla '' . `` I 'm disappointed in you , Carla '' . That 's about it . Amanda Pays , who showed great acting potential , is wasted with similar banal lines . The lighting is dark and dreary - if it were not for the one red car , the viewer would think the film was Black and White . The music is awful - from the opening credits it grates on the nerves and does not set the mood in various scenes . Finally - the film is flat out boring . In the first hour nothing happens other than the viewer grasping the fact that this teenage girl resents her father and they do not have a close relationship . There are three quick flashes into the past - so brief that the girl seems to dismiss them immediately afterwards and so do those who are watching . During the remainder of the movie , the character moves back and forth in time , and its confusing which time period she is actually in . I really wanted to like this movie - I REALLY liked the possibilities . . but after the climax and resolution it turned out to be one of those movies that is forgotten by the next day .
 I should have known better . There is a glut of pure crap being released , trying to cash in on our yearning for concert footage from the Sixties and Seventies . I wo n't actually buy them , but once in awhile I 'll try renting one . VERY little Stones in here , just a bunch of geezers talking about them . What 's maddening is there are little clips of early performances , just seconds of each , then back to a talking geezer . It might have some value if the geezers were interesting , but they drone on about the most boring stuff . WHY , when you have access to actual Stones performance footage , would you not focus on that ? God , was this awful . I did n't even finish watching it , rather gave up hope after about 40 minutes in . It was that bad .
 It seems like Drop Dead Sexy started out with an interesting idea for a dark comedy , but ran aground somewhere in the writing process . The plot holes , awkward characters , and rather thin resolution make me wonder if money ran out somewhere along the way and the script was hastily finished and/or doctored up to get the movie released quickly.Jason Lee is surprisingly flat as the main character . I am guessing the problem is , again , more in the writing than the actor since Lee is doing a great job playing another hapless loser in My Name Is Earl . Crispin Glover was probably the only consistently funny character in the movie -LRB- and is really the only reason I give this movie any stars at all -RRB- . His innate awkwardness lends a special humor to a role that could have otherwise been played as the naive idiot sidekick.Drop Dead Sexy is n't without its funny moments , most coming from the interactions between Lee and Glover , but it does suffer from lowbrow humor -LRB- e.g. the running joke about a gay biker named Tiny -RRB- that actually feels like an afterthought . In better hands this could have been a great dark comedy and possibly a cult classic , but instead it will probably languish as a trashy comedy stuck next to Dorm Daze in the local Blockbuster .
 A friend recommended this movie to me , but I ca n't say the same . The online reviews kind of make it out to be a black comedy like ` Fargo ' -LRB- did these people even see that movie ?? -RRB- . But it 's really just a poorly written/directed rip-off of ` Weekend At Bernies ' . Turned it off after a half-hour .
 Jason Lee and Crispin Glover play two small-time crooks in a small-time Texas town -LRB- that looks remarkably like Austin -RRB- . They dig up a dead woman to steal her necklace and end up `` kidnapping '' her and holding her for ransom from her husband . Supposedly , hilarity ensues , but I must have missed that part.Crispin Glover creates a very believable , original , and funny small-town hick , but it feels like Jason Lee is n't even trying , and the movie definitely suffers from that.There 's a good amount of gratuitous nudity in several scenes that take place in the local strip club -LRB- The Mean-Eyed Pussy Cat -RRB- and even in the morgue . If you 're looking for nudity go for this movie . If you 're looking for anything else , do n't bother.Overall this movie moves along slowly and without too many laughs . I checked it out because it was filmed in Austin and I was interested , but it 's really not worth the time .
 The story is n't very interesting and just about the worse movie I have ever seen . I like Jason Lee from other shows and movies , but this one he was just average . I do n't like Crispin Glover character and I think he was weird . All I liked about this movie were the HOT girls . But even that did n't save this movie from a 1 star review .
 Even though I 'm a big Jason Lee fan , I 've been avoiding this movie . I find its premise offensive . Well , Lionsgate has put the entire movie on YouTube . You can watch the whole thing for free , all in one shot . So I finally could n't resist.It 's a little more interesting and funny than I expected . I especially like Crispin Glover as Eddie , the dim , kind-hearted gravedigger who really does n't want any part of his buddy Frank 's schemes . When Frank -LRB- Jason Lee -RRB- messes up a job he 's doing for a very bad guy named Spider -LRB- Pruitt Taylor Vince -RRB- , he needs to come up with $ 250K to pay him back . He decides to dig up the body of a beautiful rich woman to steal and sell a necklace she was wearing . This being a comedy , Eddie and Frank are unable to put the body back in the grave , so they 're stuck with her.Frank decides to make the most of the situation by asking her husband for ransom . The scheme looks like it might work , and meanwhile , some interesting connections show up between the woman and Spider.The movie is offensive partly because of the treatment of the deceased woman but also because of the treatment of women in general . Almost all the women are strippers or otherwise sex objects . Glover 's Eddie gives the film its heart and even a moral compass as he genuinely likes the strippers he frequently visits and he 's also protective of the body he and Frank have kidnapped , trying to treat it with more respect than Frank does . In fact , if it were n't for Eddie , I 'm not sure I could have sat through the movie.I hate to say it , but much as I love Jason Lee , I think he was the weak link in this movie . His Frank basically yells his lines at Eddie , coming across something like an immature Brodie from `` Mallrats , '' when something more along the lines of his Azrael from `` Dogma '' would have been more appropriate . I 'm sure he could have created an interesting character , the kind of guy who is sleazy enough to think nothing of digging up a body while being interesting and even a bit likeable . But I never really bought his character as the kind of guy who would do a job for a guy like Spider or think nothing of digging up a body to make money -LRB- Frank does n't seem to think it 's a big deal and gives Eddie a hard time when he objects -RRB- . But if you 're still wanting to spend your money on this , just look it up on YouTube and save yourself a few bucks .
 I lost track of how many times this low-budget indie used the same downtown LA scene-setter , with its view of the tallest building . It 's a down-at-the-heels coming of age tale that focuses on a young girl who runs away because daddy abused her . She meets and falls for an illegal alien , and they live in an urban loft , of sorts , though how they pay for it , plus cell phones and food and beer , is left a bit hazy . The centerpiece is an attack by daddy who comes back to get his daughter , only to be driven off . There 's no plot here , just a character study of homeless life in urban LA. . It 's forgettable , but okay as you watch it .
 What annoys me inutterably about `` Lottery Ticket '' is that it 's actually trying to send a message , namely that greed , with all due respect to Gordon Gecko , is not good . As I sat in the theater , listening to the high school kids sitting behind me endlessly tittering -LRB- and making the occasional unnecessary comment -RRB- , I wondered who amongst the filmmakers actually believed a message would get through to anyone . This is not a movie that puts an effort into making a point ; all it does it bombard you with low-grade humor , most of which is wasted on tiresome black stereotypes that were n't all that funny to begin with . It does n't help that the movie is bipolar , broad and goofy one moment and deadly serious the next ; the two tones fit together so awkwardly , it 's as if elements were literally cut and pasted from an entirely different screenplay.The plot involves Kevin Carson -LRB- Bow Wow -RRB- , an eighteen-year-old high school graduate from the projects of Atlanta . Despite his dreams of becoming a shoe designer , finances and family prevent him from escaping the world he grew up in . Lottery fever hits his neighborhood during the Fourth of July weekend , the jackpot now at a whopping $ 370 million ; despite his misgivings about the lottery , he plays the numbers printed on the back of a fortune cookie strip , and miraculously wins . Word spreads quickly , despite the fact that the ticket office is closed and wo n't reopen until the fifth . The neighborhood flocks to his home . People who had previously ignored him now shower him with attention . In due time , he finds himself in debt to the neighborhood godfather -LRB- Keith David -RRB- and on the hit list of an ex-con -LRB- Gbenga Akinnagbe -RRB- , who wants revenge.How did he get involved with the godfather , nicknamed Sweet Tee ? Somehow or another , it connects to the neighborhood hottie , Nikki -LRB- Teairra Mari -RRB- , who is apparently from the projects yet claims to have dated famous men and dresses as if she can afford to live somewhere else ; in an effort to show her a good time , Sweet Tee loans Kevin $ 100,000 , which , of course , he spends in one fell swoop . Silliness soon gives way to bad taste when Nikki reveals that she wants to be Kevin 's baby mama ; not only is this not funny , it 's also offensive . So too is a scene in an upscale restaurant , when Kevin 's self appointed `` entourage '' - a motley crew of overblown caricatures - make spectacles of themselves in front of the white guests , talking loudly and stealing the silverware . In any other movie , a scene like this would be insulting.Virtually every character is a badly developed typecast . Kevin 's grandmother -LRB- Loretta Devine -RRB- is a boisterous Jesus freak who apparently has dreams about lottery numbers . His best friend , Benny -LRB- Brandon T. Jackson -RRB- , is nothing more or less than comedy relief , which is a clumsy fit for the inevitable confrontation between the two . The local reverend -LRB- Mike Epps -RRB- would under different circumstances be a televangelist . As he stands in front of his faithful congregation , a Powerpoint presentation compares what he has with what he wants to have , such as a bigger church , a mansion , and a young and hot wife . All of this , he says , can be made possible if Kevin makes a generous donation . What I find so objectionable is that he has a congregation at all ; no self-respecting Christian would ever take this man seriously.Interwoven with this is a developing romance between Kevin and his long-time friend , Stacie -LRB- Naturi Naughton -RRB- , who may not be as pretty as girls like Nikki but is at least honest , decent , and insightful . A character of such high standards has no business in a movie like this , but more to the point , the romance is about as contrived and predictable as that of your average romantic comedy . It seems she was included only out of necessity for a female lead . She 's a plot device , and nothing more.The same can be said for a reclusive former boxer -LRB- Ice Cube -RRB- , who lives in the basement of the complex and has n't left his apartment in over twenty years . Why ? He claims it 's because the neighborhood is a haven for drugs and violence , although we do n't really see any of that , so it 's kind of hard to take his word for it , and I do n't care how much he hears from the vent in his living room . Because he has been hidden away , rumors circulate that he 's a serial killer . Whenever he wants food or supplies - say a cherry Coke and some beef jerky - he reaches through the basement window , hands Kevin some money , and asks him to go get them . Does this seem a bit implausible to you ? It does n't matter ; his real function is to be a wise elder to Kevin , a convenient way to teach lessons and give advice.I know of a far better film about the ups and downs of winning the lottery . It 's called `` It Could Happen to You . '' It stars Nicholas Cage , Bridget Fonda , and Rosie Perez . Do yourself a tremendous favor and rent that movie instead of going to see `` Lottery Ticket . '' It 's not funny . It 's not meaningful . It sends a message the target audience is not likely to take to heart or even hear , begging the question of why it was brought up in the first place . It does n't know whether it wants to be a comedy or a drama , and because of that , there are moments when it goes too far in both directions . I 'm no expert in calculating odds , but I suspect you have a better chance of winning the lottery than of enjoying anything this movie has to offer .
 I loved this Blu ray . But the company or seller who sent this to me was very shady . They send me pre opened Blu rays and marked them as new . Very bad business . Do n't buy from this seller . Soooooo shady . The packages were in the worst condition . EVERYONE ON AMAZON SELLING IS NOT HONEST ... THIS SELLER SHOULD BE BAND .
 me and my fam just saw lottery ticket at the dollar movie and im glad i didnt pay full price . this movie tried to succeed but ultimately failed ! it isnt funny and the message can get a lil bit confusing . cube is the only reason i 'm not gon na give it a complete one star but thats what it really deserves . cmon cube you can do better my dude !
 We had to turn off this movie about 15 min . into it . We could not understand the dialogue . The dialogue was so fast and seemed in a foreign language to me .
 About an hour in the movie froze and would not play any longer . How do I get my money back ?
 Movie had no real direction . It was hard to know if they had a message about lots of money or what . To many stereotypes as well . Movie also was not funny . Only reason I watched this mess is because it came on BET and I saw the middle 10 minutes of it and thought it was good . Nope . I did like Tierra Marie in the movie though but she was n't enough to give this thing a better rating . Oh well . Ice Cube still got paid and that 's all that matters to him . I saw this on Amazon instant video by the way .
 movie was not as i thought it would be.The subject was good the actors were not that great.i want my money back .
 I do n't usually review films , but considering how highly this one is rated on here compared to how bad the movie actually is , I had to speak up!I ca n't believe this film has a single 5 star rating , let alone several . It 's boring as hell . The reviewers that are giving high ratings must be friends of the movie makers or something . It 's a B movie with B actors , none of which I recognized . Unbelievable borefest . Do n't waste your time !
 OK , so this must be a great movie , because -LRB- as of this writing -RRB- , eight other people have reviewed it , and all of them gave it 4 or 5 stars . Yet , as is the case with so many crappy movies , the people involved in the movies are the ones writing their own glowing reviews!It 's an easy scam to spot . Any time you see a glowing review -LRB- such as for a movie like this -RRB- , click on the `` See all my reviews '' link beside the `` reviewer 's '' name . In most cases , the movie being reviewed is the ONLY movie this `` reviewer '' has ever reviewed . In the case of this movie , seven of the eight reviews are from people who have never reviewed anything else on Amazon , which is pretty much proof that they are affiliated with the movie.My opinion of the movie ? It 's immensely boring . It 's basically about a guy who used to have a great career and a great marriage . Now , both are in the dumper . Yet , the movie never explains why . He works night shift at a limousine service , and the whole 80 minutes of the movie is about him on the phone trying to coordinate the schedules of the drivers . -LRB- Yawn !!!! -RRB- Essentially , no plot.It 's obvious he has made a number of stupid mistakes in his life to get where he is , and , in the movie , he makes another completely idiotic mistake , and ends up in even worse shape than when the movie started . Are we supposed to feel sorry for this guy ? I just do n't get it .
 Was not pleased with item . It skipped constantly . i received a refund from seller but was told this item was purchased at the `` Dollar Store '' franchise . It seems the seller lost on this transaction and that does n't seem right . The seller was honest and straight forward . They deserve better than this .
 Not recommended - the subject of the video is not captured at all in the title . There are lots of long sequences with music and no words . I was very disappointed .
 Or ... an existential feminist coming of menopausal age movie . I utterly could not fathom the reason for making such a film . Perhaps there are those who can , but not I. Sorry , not my kind of movie . I finally learned to like LAST YEAR AT MARIENBAD , but this is asking too much There was a feminist Dutch movie about a cabal of women shoppers who kill a shopkeeper or salesman , some of you know the one I mean , and this was down there in that absence of purpose and empathy department for me . A woman thinks she might have run over someone while driving and spends the rest of the movie agonizing over whether she did or not , when no evidence whatsoever surfaces that such was the case . Give me a break . And no , do n't call me anti-feminist , just a guy who can not relate to a movie this pointless , with no benchmark for reality .
 This movie had a chance to be some kind of metaphorical or symbolic commentary on women , society , or something else ... but it 's never really clear what it 's supposed to be about . I was n't expecting a literally headless woman , and I have a pretty good grasp of symbolism . This film simply does not succeed in getting its point across , if it even had a point to begin with .
 Truly a waste of time , effort and money . I happen to view a lot of films , and this one is pretty much at the bottom . I would summarize by saying that it is a meaningless bore distinguished by poor lighting , no discernible plot , and long lapses of inaction . It is the height of folly that this film actually receivied accolades from the so-called `` Artistic Community . '' I 'm no Philistine -- but please !! Avoid this one at all costs .
 Data may be great but could n't get pass the audio . And why should I when I have so many other choices ?
 I was recommended this movie by a friend of mine . My friend and I share a good deal of favorites when it comes to movies , but this is not one of them.The premise of the movie , the life of a man who can not tell dream from reality , was different and held a great deal of potential . I will not go too deep into story details since I am not sure where I would begin spoiling some of the -LRB- rather thin -RRB- plot . However , the movie 's potential is wasted on a cast of shallow characters and a storyline that not only goes nowhere , it manages to make you feel less for the characters as the movie goes along . I came to dislike the `` protagonist '' of the story the most as the story spiraled into pointless weirdness and crudeness.Since this movie won some awards at film festivals I just may not `` get '' this movie . If this movie requires some kind of acquired taste I would not go through the agony of having to endure till I liked it .
 I 've followed M.Gondry 's work through his short experimental films , TV commercials and music videos . His bizarre graphics are perfect for free-form music and quick-cut selling spots . Many I like ; they are disturbing and thought-provoking , generating inarticulate visceral feelings.But for material requiring plots and extended dialogue his ` hey-look-at-me-I 'm - weird ' film antics seldom or only partially work.Here in this Sleep Science thing , for me , they work not at all . They seem naive and sophomoric and reminiscent of a film-school freshman 's early project.MG 's Spotless Mind film had a somewhat coherent script to drive his images ; here , they seem random and awkward . If you like weird that works , check out TIDELAND or directors Chris Cunningham -LRB- Palm Pictures has a very good collection of CC 's and MG 's work -RRB- Or for Asian weird , sample Tsai Ming-Liang , or Czech-weird Jan Svankmajer , or Russian weird , Andrei Tarkovsky . -LRB- Most , actually , do n't use animation to express their eccentricideas , though ... -RRB-
 Do n't bother , kind of colorful but way too slow and sometimes painful to watch . Summation
 Every so often I 'll watch a movie that I simply do n't know how to categorize or rate . The Science of Sleep would be such a movie , except it deserves a weirdness category all on its on.The blending of reality and dreams in this film is portrayed quite well . In fact , towards the end of the movie it 's hard to distinguish what is happening to the main character and what is in his head . Unfortunately , the main character is so unsympathetic that the audience hardly cares as to his ultimate fate.Some will argue that this movie is a sweet romantic fantasy . If you want an unusual romantic fantasy that 's sweet , with characters you want to know more about , about whose fate you 'll truly care , check outMe and You and Everyone We Know.If you want a French movie that has personality and transcends border lines and is romantic , watchAmelie.If you do decide to watch The Science of Sleep , make sure that you fall asleep during it - at least it will be a good use of our time and your subconscious will absorb the ridiculousness of this film anyway .
 Esta pel&iacute;cula tiene unos subt&iacute;tulos en ingl&eacute;s que no se desaparecen con la opci&oacute;n del men&uacute;
 Michael Gondry has followed `` The Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind '' with `` The Science of Sleep . '' Unfortunately , the film spends more energy on the fantastic way it tells the story than on telling a story . In short , we go through all these dreamlike images of hands that suddenly become huge , a dancing donkey or Bernal flying over a claymation-like cityscape , but that do n't further the story . As an actor , Gael Garcia Bernal is such a nice looking young guy that you seem to want to root for him . However , he became increasingly strange and unlikable as the film went on . Bernal won the Best Supporting Actor Award from the French Academy of Cinema in 1999 for `` La Buche '' and was impressive in `` The Motorcycle Diaries . '' As Stephane , he 's more neurotic . Sometimes it 's hard to tell if he 's asleep or awake ; or in which world the big change in his life is supposed to happen . Apparently , that change is supposed to be that he falls in love . The film teases romance with Stephanie who lives across the hall . I think we have the male Stephane and the female Stephanie 's names selected to show a kindred spirit connection , but it becomes a bit confusing such as the film being spoken in Spanish , French and English intermittently . Emma De Cannes who will be in `` Mr. Bean 's Holiday '' this year plays Stephanie 's friend Zoe to who Stephane is attracted . This is an odd complication since it 's never clear which girl Stephane wants ; and he seems never to be able to make a decision . Then you have Alain Chabat as the obnoxious Guy showing up at work and in bars with his one-track mind . Chabat was nominated for the French Academy of Cinema 's Best Supporting Actor award in 2000 for `` The Taste of Others , '' but it 's hard to see why with this one-note role and performance . Overall , the film does n't go anywhere . Yes , it does make creative use of fantasy and absurd cinematic elements , but unfortunately they do n't serve to tell a story . At the end , I was glad the film was finally over . Taxi !
 I must admit that the main reason I picked this movie to see is because it stars Charlotte Gainsbourg who is accomplished musician and a daughter of a very famous couple
 The Science of Sleep does just that , puts you to sleep and then you wake up , it 's still playing and you wonder if your having a bad dream . I was disapointed to say the least .
 This is one of the worst movies I 've seen in a long time . There is absolutely no plot , the characters are unlikable and hard to care about -LRB- with the exception of Stephane 's co-worker Guy -RRB- , and the effects are cute but really nothing magical . It seems like it wants to be a hip , sexy , trendy movie with something profound to say about being young , artistic and in love , but there is really nothing that it says at all . I only watched it completely out of sheer stubbornness , but there are much better ways to spend 106 minutes of your life . The same guy wrote Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
 The product itself was of poor quality , but wrapped and appeared to be new . During playing , the disc skipped and blurred and was unwatchable for much of the movie . :-LRB- However , the seller , returned my money and was very prompt in doing so . I saw the movie on tv and I loved it ! I just got a bad disc .
 I did not like this movie , I think Gael is a good actor , but lately he is directing or producing some independent movies , maybe I got lost in the science of sleep but honestly there is no science on sleeping and neither in this movie
 I have never liked films that try to find an alignment between dream and reality . Science of sleep shows the hapless Stefan trying to disentangle various obstacles in his way to try to reach his neighbor stefani . The fact that he does n't speak fluent French hardly works for him because when he is around her he says the most silly of things that no one who has ever had a girlfriend would say to a girl they dig . The director tries to give the cemtral character an alter ego in which he is guarded about sexual talk when he is in conversation with his voracious natured co employee , Guy . This is contradictory of course , he tries to be cute by inventing things which do n't exist in real life and it 's almost creepy how he tries to stalk his neighbor . All this while a parallel tv show showing the science of sleep goes on his mind , I found this particularly stressing and anything but arty . The film does try to weigh in viewers with art but I doubt it won any favors with me in this discourse.When science of sleep was just trying to be a simple film about a shy guy who is helping his neighbor move a piano it was good but somehow it ends in its own fate of sleep , awake disturbia which hardly proved to be charming or cute.I blame Gabriel Garcia bernal also for the failure of this film , he was n't cast aptly . He is a man to do well in Mexican cinema not complicated plots such as this one . He hardly seems like an intriguing hip inventor with a half French background.As far as Charolette is concerned she has done some terrible films like Antichrist and melancholia . I can not name an actor with a more ungainly affliction to failure than hers.There were a few good scenes in the film yes but there is no excuse for the brain hemorrhage it causes the viewer by combining comic art , depression in an ultimately pretentious sleepy affair . I like sadness but this film is like that repeated dream which fever gives you ,
 That says it all . The movie is pretentious jive and stands as a testament to the money foolish people will throw away on something that is supposed to be art.But Charlotte Gainsbourg , that is another story . What a sweet heart . This is a women who needs to become a star . I 'll watch for her again .
 I appreciated Nicolas Cage 's acting in this more than most of his other movies . I figured out the ending of the movie rather early , and was disappointed that there was n't a more clever twist . I would not consider this a comedy . I gave it 2 stars because I did like the acting , but I would not want to watch this movie a second time , I found it trite .
 Ridley scott is a brilliant director and Nicholas Cage has a firm grasp on the art of acting . Unfortunately even all that skill and heart ca n't save Matchstick Men . First of all it about conmen , so right from the get go its oh ready riddled with cliches . Cage plays a conman who finds his heart after he realizes he has a daughter , so he has an epiphany . Despite the contrived plot Cage brings real charisma to the role , picking up where he left off with Adaptation . The movie sucks but Cage makes it worth seeing .
 Really had high hopes after a long week to just come home and watch a good movie . Picked this movie because of the outstanding reviews ; famous action director Ridley Scott at the helm ; and Nicolas Cage who I thought was great in Con Air and The Rock . Oh my god , this movie was so boring ! I knew it was n't going to be an action flick , but it was soooooo slow ! Have you ever watched a movie and debated about just stopping because it 's so lame . Half-way thru this snoozer that 's exactly how I felt , but I thought , `` Hey , I paid good money for this rental . I might as well finish it to see if it gets better . '' It improved a little bit , but due to some foreshadowing by Ridley , I was able to guess what happened to Nicholas Cage 's character Roy before it happened . Redeeming qualities are that Alison Lohman did a terrific job of acting , but great acting ca n't overcome a story that 's not compelling . I also was pleased by the sentimental ending where ultimately good things happen for Nicholas Cage 's character Roy.But overall , it was very disappointing and I would rather have watched 4 consecutive episodes of `` Everybody Loves Raymond '' than to have wasted the 2 hours watching this bore-fest .
 The DVD case of this movie cites praise from Roger Ebert and other critics and the plot summary mentions great acting , comedy , and a great plot twist at the end . Thirty minutes into the movie , after we 've met all the characters and understand all the situations that the movie is going to cover , the plot twist is incredibly obvious . I watched the whole movie hoping that would n't be the case , but it was , and it ruins the movie.Minor Spoilers below.In Roger Ebert 's review of this movie , he writes that the movie has 3 plot points . `` It is
 Okay , it 's official
 I did not especially appreciate this film . Calling this a comedy/drama is stretching both categories and after viewing it you do not come away with any sense of finality or satisfaction.The characters have no real charisma where you can relate to them or sympathize with their predicament . Nicholas Cage is brilliant as the phobia-ridden Roy but after a while his facial tics and mannerisms become distracting . The camera angles with constant `` thru the window '' shots are annoying and unecessary . There are some rather confusing scenes towards the end especially between Roy and his ex-wife . If you listen to the directors commentary , on the DVD , at this point he comes across very pompous , self-serving and totally uncaring about his audience . -LRB- Sorry Ridley -RRB- .
 I 'm going to say this movie did not keep my interest . It was too slow paced , but the movie did have some interesting scenes , but then return to slow Ville again . I did not consider this movie a comedy , even though there were some scenes that were humorous . I considered the movie more of a drama . I thought Sam Rockwell 's character was not as developed as it could have been . You knew he was a con artist , you knew he `` acted '' concerned for Roy 's character , but that 's all . Nicholas Cage plays Roy , an obsessive compulsive con artist who teams up with his Partner Fran -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- to con people out of their money . They mostly go after old people who are so nave they pretty much GIVE their money without asking any questions . Roy ca n't stand being outdoors and ca n't stand unorganized dirty rooms as he makes people take off their shoes before entering his house . He has problems keeping the pills that help him deal with his disorders . When he does not take those pills , his ticks , and behavior gets even worse . There is a scene in the movie after he discovers he does not have his pills he cleans his apartment for what seems like hours on end from top to bottom . He cleans every square inch , and even uses a toothbrush to clean small areas that some people would not even bother cleansing . Roy discovers he has a 14 year old daughter named Angela from a relationship he ended years before . When he ended this relationship she the woman was pregnant with his child . Angela wants to get to know her father . They begin to form a relationship that starts off awkward , but eventually turns affectionate . Angela begs her father to teach her how to con , and he agrees . Yet after he shows her the ropes he makes her return the money . Okay nice turn , but again hypocritical being he never returned money to any of the elderly people he conned.One con goes horribly wrong , and their lives are threatened by a con they tried to bilk . An interesting twist at the end turns everything around and things which appear to be true , suddenly are not true after all . Before the movie ends the con gets conned , and he tries to rebuild his life . The movie had potential , but it just loses in parts before it builds up again . Nicholas having germphobia and agoraphobia was an interesting touch . I thought watching him be compulsive would be annoying , but it was very intriguing . Sheila Kelley 's character , the grocery check-out clerk , had such a limited role she might as well not have been there . I thought Alison Lohman played her role well . She had me convinced she was a young 14 year old teenager with her youthful appearance . The movie is not bad , I just did not like the slow pace of the movie .
 If it was n't for Sam Rockwell 's performance this movie would be receiving negative marks from me right now . It was slow and uninteresting . An hour into the movie and I was still waiting for it to start . The plot was predictable and the end anticlimactic . I never liked Nick Cages character so I could never relate to the film . I would not recommend this to anyone . If you want to see a great movie in the same genre , rent The Grifters .
 Wow it was not at all what I expected . I was thinking it was full of action and it was not . If you are a Nickolas Cage fan you might like this film but other an that it was not interesting for me any way . Came fast and great conditions .
 Ridley Scott is one of the top directors in the world . That 's undeniable , but what happened with this one?The plot is boring , even ridiculous . Nicolas Cage is perfect in his role but the script goes to nowhere . This film seems inspirated for House of games and a moral lesson for fathers . And the film remains in the middle of the road.I could n't believe this film carried the signature of Ridley Scott.A minor movie for a status director . As you see the marriage can not result in a happy ending .
 Are you kidding me - 4 stars ????? This tells me that the rest of America - all youz guys - are getting real dumb . You should be ashamed to rate this bomb a 4 star movie . How annoying was the lead actress ? The jerky filming , avante garde , not . Dumb plot - not much better than it was all just a dream.Don ' t rent it ! Scrap it . I hated it .
 Bad plot , bad acting , bad filming . The surprise ending was a surprise because I had nearly terminated this boring , stupid film long before . The actress playing the little girl was especially poor .
 MATCHSTICK MEN , released in 2003 , has star Nicolas Cage as one ofits only big-name actors , obviously bringing credibility , financialsupport , and leadership to the project . And his acting is standardfare , for what we 've come to expect from Cage , solid acting , and afull day 's pay for an honest day 's work.At the same time , several conclusions can be drawn from this movie.The first , is that it severely lacks intensity in terms of thestory , and much of the supporting acting . Secondly , it is filmed , and the story unfolds , much like in a low budget TV production , despite some quality filming elements , from time to time . Third , that creating , writing a script , and filming it , takes a lot of hardwork , and rare talent , and only a small percentage of picturesactually are successful and leave an impression of average to highquality ; it 's tough work , and the effort must not be underestimated.What occurs with MATCHSTICK MEN , is that the entire movie is a messfrom the story point of view , and from a spectator 's view too.Other elements , than those mentioned , are perhaps more subjective , and I wo n't hold it against the makers , such as weaving a grown-manand child relationship , into a story featuring a small time grifter , played by Cage , who himself , does n't really come across , in terms ofpersonality , as one , as compared to , perhaps , other movies . I thinkthe child-grown man relation was an absurd invention.Another absurd device , used in this movie , is that it seems toliterally serve an advertisement for psychotherapy , for Pfizer andother pharmaceutical companies , considering the emphasis of thismovie on the leading perpetrator taking pills throughout the 90mins . Another unnecessary element , was soliciting sympathy for the maingrifter , on account of his own personal emotional demons , andphysical illnesses , and his need to take medication constantly , forpsychological remorse on his activities.All these elements , combined with a confused story , add up as awreck in terms of a movie , despite all the best , hard work and bestintentions , from Cage and other actors , in trying to make thisproject appealing . The script simply had too many flaws , and thefilming too much TV-like , and the actors , lacking intensity , throughout . Not a keeper , by any means .
 This movie was very dissappointing , it did n't have anything that I look for in a movie . sure , the cons were funny , but it just was n't what I expected . If you like Nicholas Cage , this is an even huger dissappointment .
 Matchstick Men has the aroma of a public rest room with none of the charm . This one 's a stinker from beginning to end . A `` matchstick man '' is a con man . Do n't get conned into wasting time or money on this.A couple of matchstick men work their slimy craft in Los Angeles . We learn every detail of their cons . Too much detail . The characters all smoke , for no apparent reason . We learn the name of the cigarettes . Everyone drinks beer . Yes , we learn the name of the beer . A major plot point is that Roy -LRB- Nick Cage -RRB- has agoraphobia for which he takes illegally obtained meds . We never learn the name of the medication . In fact , not even Roy knows the name of the medication . He calls the meds `` pygmies . '' How quaint.Director Ridley Scott films at a strip club where dancers wear bikinis . You see , they were going for that PG-13 rating . Brilliant work ! Why not film that scene at a beach and avoid any resemblence to a silly network sitcom?Now throw in a 14-year-old daughter Roy knew nothing about . Deadbeat Dad warning ahead ? I could go on , but you get the point .
 Matchstick Men falls well short of being a good movie . The plot is utterly transparent and there are no surprises . Maybe fifteen mintutes into the movie you will figure out the entire plot , and then you will cease to care about the characters . With the illusion shattered , you will quickly loose interest . The whole movie you hope that it is n't so , but it is . There is a little redemtive arc at the end for Cage 's character , but this still leaves the audience feeling empty and unfulfilled . I would only suggest watching this movie if you see it on cable and there is nothing else on , otherwise do not bother buying or renting it .
 Nicolas Cage plays an obsessive-compulsive con-man in this extremely tedious film . His life is turned upside down when he learns he has a daughter . That makes him reassess his life and values.That 's all you need to know because this movie is as slow as it is uninteresting . The daughter brings almost no energy to this plot and about 90 minutes passes before anything even remotely interesting happens . I 'm getting bored just trying to write about this dog of a film .
 If he had a daughter he would have been paying some type of child support throughout the years . If he were beginning to see his daughter again he would have made an attempt to see her mother to discuss the matter . If the prescription were as important to him as it was , he would have looked it up to verify what it was so he could try to purchase it illegally.Here was a man who was organized and anal retentive , yet the environment surrounding the con was disjointed and not characteristic of his personality.Here was a man who was financially secure who had no need to place himself in harms way . Yet he not only places himself in harms way but his newly found daughter . That just does not cook.Any con man worth his wait in salt would never allow the con to become unstructured . He was pressured to change the date of the con and forced to change his schedule without a fully thought out solution . This man surely would not have done such a thing.Con man pride themselves on pressuring their marks on making a decision or putting their marks in emotional pressure so they made a rash and non rational decision . This skillful con man would never place him in such a position . What was $ 80,000 to a millionaire?The problem with the movie is that it is not truly logical , it assumes that you will sit in your chair and allow the story to play out and accept the events unfolding without thinking . Rationally the movie just does not work for me.I liked the characters that were cast perfectly . The filming and direction was flawless , but the story was not believable .
 This is one of those movies that needed to just play it straight . The acting was great and the concept , sans twist , was great . But this movie , like many others , tried to be too clever for its own good . Granted this movie came out before M Night Shamalambadingdong was appointed his Hack status , but in general movie creators need to take him as an example when making movies . You dont have to put twist in everything . Sometimes just let the drama play . Let the movie be about characters and interactions , do n't be too plotty . Because after a while you get potty .
 Okay and who made it ? Waooo Ridley Scott ? tHAT 'S THE GUY WHO MADE alien , NO ? Cool and who is the main actor ? Nicolas Cage ! Terrific !!!! Is he the guy who plaid in LEAVING LAS VEGAS and 8MM ... ? oH yEAH bABY ! I will have a great moment ... THE END ! What the hell ! Much talent for so little flick ! It 's so predictable.I knew what it will happen as soon as he met his daughter.It 's disappointing and Cage is wasting his time and talent.I easily understand why he chose to be involved in ADAPTATION but this time , there is absolutely no reason.There is nothing to keep in mind.It 's EMPTY.The twist has been seen in better movies and the end is simply kind of `` I KNEW IT '' It 's not because they waste their time that you also have to.Give up ! And wait that it appears in your TV guide .
 I read their product page and it says you can download the purchase . Then after you purchase , it said that you can only download if you have a kindle fire or other kindle device that can playback video . So , this was a waste of $ 2 and left my 3 year old unhappy bc I could n't get it to play on her innotab . I will never make another Amazon digital purchase again .
 You can hear the narrator talking in the background -LRB- not supposed to happen -RRB- . This is the only reason it gets two stars . Great episode though !
 We usually enjoy all the UmiZoomi episodes but why have one to encourage the child to play in the rain ? We 've enjoyed every other episode but I try to convince him to avoid this one .
 Why does n't he just kidnap her in the suite at the beginning instead of killing umpteen people for no reason in particular , and attracting attention to himself in the process?Also , as other reviewers have mentioned , the killer just is n't scary or interesting at all . In fact , he looks bored during the Lisa character 's chase scene.The original Prom Night also had a large cast but managed to develop most of the characters at least somewhat . This movie has tons of throwaway characters like the gym teacher , the psychologist , and Chrissy -LRB- Lisa 's rival for prom queen -RRB- -- who could be made interesting , but are instead introduced and then abandoned.Obviously most horror films are n't intended to be high cinematic art , but the good ones at least keep your attention.This `` film '' is an insult to Prom Night ' 80 !
 I saw the `` Unrated '' version of this film , and find it unbelievable that there could actually be a more watered down version than this . I have seen more blood when I cut myself shaving . I usually find blood in horror films to be gratuitous and overdone , but it 's unrealistically understated in this film , which I 'm sure will disappoint real horror fans . If you saw the PG13 version , the unrated is no better . This movie is really just a movie about a prom and overblown relationships between over-indulged teens that happens to have an obsessed slasher in it , rather than a slasher/thriller . We are shown the killer at the very start of the film as he falls for the `` hiding under the bed trick '' for the first time . It 's one of the girl 's teachers that looks like a cross between Jesus and Charles Manson . Three years of therapy pass , and the girl is getting ready for prom when the killer escapes from the mental institution and is wearing a clever disguise that makes him look like a cross between Billy Bob Thornton and Harry Connick Jr. . He actually just got a shave and haircut , but nobody recognizes him . Must 've been the ball cap . Truly a master of disguise . The police decide to stake out the prom , and what a prom it is . Red carpet and ropes , grand ballroom , it makes the Oscars look like league night at the bowling alley . The rest of the film is kids crying about going off to college as Billy Bob stabs everyone in sight . He does have the fastest , most deliberate stabbing motion that I 've ever seen , and the killings take about 3 seconds as the victims go as limp as a gazelle in a lions jaws . No defensive wounds here . There will be none of that long , drawn out murder like the shower scene by that Hitchcock guy , cuz Billy Bob 's motto is `` Git ` er done '' , besides , they are about to announce the King and Queen.This movie is basically one big collection of every overused cliche ever devised , minus the screeching black cat . Open a door , someone 's there , close a door , someone 's there , yank back the shower curtain , hide under the bed , cue pigeons , hide uner the bed again , yank back another shower curtain , fiddle in closet , take your meds , walk backwards , check closet again , run into lamp , yank back shower curtain , so that 's what happened to the maid 's body . I guess it never hurts to look . While this movie is n't really appallingly bad , it 's still pretty bad . I did make it to the end , which is more than I can say for `` Black Christmas '' , but I think alot of that has to do with how much fun I was having playing Nostradamus for my kid as I predicted every move onscreen , and at one point even got the dialog word for word . Extra bonus points for the dialog . It might make a good drinking game . It was THAT predictable , and since predictability is the opposite of suspense , this movie is a huge FAIL . There 's no blood , guts , nudity , suspense , terror , good music , sympathetic characters , comedy , drama , nothing except pretty people at a dance.Move along folks , there 's nothing to see here . Now I 'm off to walk backwards into my bathroom to pull back the shower curtain , then check my closet again . Housekeeping ? Where 's that darn maid ?
 It 's been three years since Donna -LRB- Brittany Snow -RRB- watched her family butchered by a knife-wielding chemistry teacher -LRB- Johnathon Schaech -RRB- who had one too many days of high school girls in short skirts . Still troubled , she goes to therapy and lives with her aunt and uncle , but otherwise is adjusting well . Prom night is upon her brain-dead senior class and the killer plans on crashing the party . Chasing the less-than-intimidating killer is Detective Winn -LRB- Idris Elba -RRB- , a hapless civil servant who is always one step behind the killer without a plan . Paint-by-the-numbers , folks.To be honest , I have no clue why this movie is rated PG-13 . The gore is nonexistent , the killings are exclusively off-screen , and a recent nosebleed produces more blood . Actually , I think I do know why the movie was rated PG-13
 i thought the movie was really good till then ending which then again today 's movies all suck at the end which messes up the whole movie . Do n't go out and buy it it 's not worth it .
 This is by far the worst movie I 've ever seen in the genre . There are many low budget films that have much more suspense and creativity .1 . The villain is not scary and is the polar opposite of entertaining .2 . The storyline is summed up by the title of the film .3 . You can barely fill a shot glass with the amount of blood shown in the whole movie.THIS IS NOT HORROR
 i didnt go to my high school prom , and i wish i hadnt gone to this one either . this film bores even the pre-teens it was designed to appeal to ! id give a critique of the story if there was one . dont get it confused with the 1980 film of the same name thats far superior than this trash that probably started as `` hey mr. executive , please let me make a movie and i 'll babysit your kids for free this weekend '' .
 This movie was a dud ! A complete waste of time and money.Growing up as a kid we sat around the tv and during the holiday on channel 11 was the Yule log.I thought it was the end of the world as I knew it.Wrong ! This was ! Yes sorry folks but I will stick with the Jamie Lee Curtis one . . Thank you ! That one you do n't find out the killers identy until the end.This one you know and he is not menacing just irratating as hell.Everyone goes by old pictures of the guy with a beard but hey he could shave it off.Its goofy and sluggish with your typical dopey kids getting ready for college.I 'll miss you says one girl to her friend , I 'll only be a half hour away replies the other.My god no one I graduated with was only a half hour away at college ... Five states away yes and Thank god for small favors.Psst You might want to get a bag clip for the nose and ear plugs the movie stinks and so does the soundtrack !
 First of all , it is very differnt from the movie whose name it stole . The first had a much better and `` mysterious '' background and a fabulous disco-camp sensibility . This film is your standard , stupid slasher flick with a boring plot line , very bad acting , and zero suspense . The slasher ** Spolier ** is a teacher smitten with a student and you know that from the opening scene of the film . The rest is your standard escape from prison and track ` er down dope fest . Snow acts so terminally cute here - you root for the killer !
 This was such a waste of time and money ! I was so disappointed with the whole movie . It wasnt scary even though it was meant to be and the killer was so over dramatic with his killings and I kept wondering why he was so obsessed with this mediocre girl ... maybe its just me . Anyways , dont waste your time on this one and believe me , I love my scary movies but this one was just plain horrible !
 Junkyard fodder . I 'm not certain what the producers of this film were thinking . Whatever it was , this film is better set for a stent on `` LIFETIME '' television rather than the big screen , under the guise of a `` horror film '' . This film is riddled with predictable scenes and blocking . The cinematography is most poor . I do n't think one can blame the cast , they are professionals , they need/want work . I think all the players did their best with this horrid writing and direction .
 After reading some Amazon reviews on this movie that it was n't any good I went and rented it cause I like some movies others do n't . Well I have to agree with others on here . This movie was n't as good as the trailers made it out to be . It just didnt have the wow I was expecting . Before you buy this movie rent it first to ensure you do n't waste your money if you do n't like it .
 I knew they were going to release a PG-13 version of the film only to turn around and create an unrated version . Sorry , but I 'm not buying it -LRB- in both sense of the term -RRB- . This is , and always has been a cash-in remake . I 'll stick with the Jamie Lee Curtis original , thank you . I wo n't even bother renting this .
 I can sum this movie quickly
 3 years ago , Donna Keppel -LRB- Betthany Snow -RRB- was devestated to find her family murdered by a mad psycho named Richard Fenton -LRB- Johnation Schaech -RRB- as she now lives with her aunt -LRB- Jessalyn Gigslig -RRB- and uncle -LRB- Linden Ashby -RRB- . As her friends like boyfriend Bobby -LRB- Scott Porter -RRB- , Lisa -LRB- Dana Davis -RRB- , Claire -LRB- Jessica Strot -RRB- , Ronnie -LRB- Collins Pennie -RRB- and Michael -LRB- Kelly Blatz -RRB- are gon na spend a night at one of the town 's grand hotels as the senoir prom is being held over there . However Detective Winn -LRB- Idris Elba -RRB- has some problems as the killer has escaped from the mental institute to become a party crasher killing off the students in their rooms and at the Prom.In-name-only remake of 1980 's not-so-classic slasher flick `` Prom Night '' which originally starred Jamie Lee Curtis . The whole film is one big mess ! i mean the film does have bad acting and direction . One of the biggest problems with this one is that it 's a dull slasher flick with no imagination , no good kills or even a sense of fun as it 's a total loser.This Blu-Ray offers terrific sound and picture quality but that still does n't make up for the movie not even the unrated version here . The extras are plenty such as commentary , deleted scenes , alternate ending , gag reel , video yearbook , bonus view PIP , storyboard track , featurettes , trailer and TV Spot .
 I usually refrain from reviewing products I do n't care for . I make exceptions , however , for products that are so bad that I do not want any innocent civilians to waste their money or , even worse , for the creators to turn a profit.The remake of `` Prom Night '' is that bad . I can not even give it the same grudging admiration that I give to such unmitigated goofs as David Lynch 's infamous `` Dune '' debacle - at least Lynch swung for the fences . To keep the baseball analogy intact , Nelson McCormick 's `` Prom Night '' is like a guy who tries get hit by the pitch and falls over onto the catcher.This movie is flat-out boring . Not scary . Unterrifying.The plot is not to blame . We learn in the first act that an obsessed teacher has murdered the heroine 's family and plagues her nightmares . The poor girl , Donna -LRB- the preppily named actress Brittany Snow -RRB- , does not seem to be particularly worthy of such attentions as she has no attributes beyond sweet innocence . This girl is so virginal that she blushes when she describes her prom gown as `` sexy '' because it has a corset , and she limits her smooching with her boyfriend to chaste pecks on the lips . Her two best friends are virtually devoid of personality , although her BBF -LRB- black best friend -RRB- is offered a couple of near-sassy lines of dialogue to accompany her plunging neckline.There is an attempt at creating some tension over a vote for who will be prom king and queen , but even the other high school students do n't seem to care . Well , with the exception of one Heather-esque villainness who provides no value to the story whatsoever.The killer , who has managed to escape from maximum security prison and travel 2,300 miles to the hotel that is hosting the prom just in time to overhear what room Donna and her friends have reserved , walks boldly among the hotel guests without any concern that one of his former students might recognize the guy who murdered the entire family of one of their classmates . Oh - that 's right ! He 's wears a black baseball hat - that hat , combined with a haircut , is the perfect disguise . Ominous music cues every murder , which are surprisingly clean and bloodless even though his weapon of choice is a vicious silver knife . -LRB- One wonders how he can murder so many people without getting a drop of blood on him . -RRB- Idris Elba continues to search for a movie role worthy of his stellar performance on HBO 's `` The Wire . '' He does not find it here as he plays a lamebrained cop who is always one step too slow . To think that this is the same actor who played Stringer Bell is just painful.This is a paint-by-numbers movie that we have all seen before . In an attempt to earn a PG-13 label , the movie shuns blood , profanity , T&A ; , and the like , but also forgets to scare the bejeezus out of you . A PG-13 movie can be scary . This movie is just bad .
 Ever since Carrie turned her senior prom into a no-holds-barred free-for-all of revenge , mayhem and murder , we 've been subjected to one bloodbath after another set at that annual rite of passage for pimply-faced teens . You might think that the remake of `` Prom Night '' could not possibly be more hackneyed and predictable than the 1980 original - but you 'd be wrong . In fact , there is not one original idea to be found in this film , neither in its storytelling nor in its filmmaking style.Brittany Snow plays the pretty blond teen whose entire family was massacred three years earlier by an obsessed teacher who , at the time , looked like only a slightly more maniacal version of Charlie Manson . Now , it 's prom night and the killer , all cleaned-up and ready for action , has just escaped from prison , determined to finally claim Donna for his own -LRB- though whether he wants her alive or dead is never made entirely clear -RRB- . Thus , as the revelers dance the night away in the ballroom below , an assortment of whiny , horny teenagers - and various hotel staff - meet their untimely ends in the poorly lit suites above.Nelson McCormick 's directorial style consists entirely of obvious point-of-view shots , false scares and images of people popping up in mirrors at inconvenient -LRB- though entirely predictable -RRB- moments . The greatest waste is that of Scott Porter and Idris Elba who are both so good in their respective TV series -LRB- `` Friday Night Lights '' and `` The Wire '' -RRB- , but who have been given absolutely nothing of interest or quality to work with here .
 This movie was on Starz OnDemand this month , so when I was up at 4AM this morning with nothing better to do , I thought , what the hell ? After all , I kind of like cheesy teen slasher movies , Prom Night is sure to be right up my alley.Eh . Not so much . None of the characters are interesting , the bad guy is n't scary , the plot does n't make a load of sense , and the writing was shoddy.A huge disappointment , even from someone who loves laughing at the bad , the worse , and the downright pathetic .
 This film pulls out every cliche from the slasher movie playbook . Every scene was utterly predictable . Not a scare in sight . It was excruciatingly boring . In fact , it was rather amusing -LRB- and familiar -RRB- to watch a killer go from being very proficient at butchering several teenagers in the first hour and then becoming inexplicably and hopelessly inept at killing the protagonist - a lonely teenage girl . A note to horror directors
 It 's bad enough that we 've had strings of cruddy remakes of classic horror flicks , but Prom Night marks a remake of a horror flick that , well , was n't a classic . This modern day take on Prom Night stars Brittany Snow as the object of her former teacher 's -LRB- Johnathon Schaech -RRB- obsession , who returns to make her life miserable after murdering her family some time before . Naturally , it just so happens to be the night of the big prom , and from beginning to end , Prom Night is an awful , utter bore . Nothing scary or close to suspenseful is to be found here , and the film as a whole -LRB- even unrated -RRB- is a tame and neutered slasher that provokes more yawns more than anything else . What 's even worse is seeing actors like Ming-Na and The Wire vets Idris Elba and James Ransone appear in this waste , which is more of a shame than the film itself . Avoid .
 As if we have n't seen anything like this before . It had a pretty OK plot for a film that revolves around teenagers , but it really ca n't hold it 's own as a good horror movie , if that 's what you wan na call it . The beginning is creepy , and then it just moves into the creepy suspense of just waiting for that one person to get killed , because the only extreme suspense is when you 're just sitting there watching a teenager alone in a room , obviously about to get killed , and it takes forever for the killer to come out and kill them , so that 's what makes the suspense come alive . The ending is OK , but altogether it really fails and it 's not worth watching again . It 's not the worst horror movie I 've seen -LRB- Leeches is the ultimate worst -RRB- , but it 's pretty bad .
 Whoever did the poster art for this movie should get an award . It is far and away the best part of this movie . The lead actress and the detective were pretty good in their roles , but the movie has zero tension and the bad guy is particularly unscary .
 This tells you the movie in general . I do n't think there is anything that will spoil ther movie for you . Besides the movie itself.I have wanted to rent this for a few weeks . I thought it may be ok . I never saw the original Prom Night with Jamie Lee Curtis . As the movie starts there is one thing you notice . Well I should say at about the 10 minute mark . You notice the bad c level cheesy teen TV show style acting . Now I 'm not saying these actors ca n't act . I am simply saying that in this movie , it 's as if they were sitting abound playing cards then got did some recording for 20 minutes and went on about their business . The movie starts out with some kids getting ready for their prom . Then a killer escapes whom apparently was obsessed with the girls who is attending . One cop arrested him before and is there to stop the man before he gets the girl he is obsessed with.Being the obvious scripted horror movie that lets SO many things happen that no intelligent human would allow to happen in the circumstances that surrounded it , they decide to let the girl go to the prom with her boy friend and 4 other friends . The killer gets to the prom and the police have to prevent him from killing . That is the whole movie.I was able to see what would happen before the previews had even finished . The acting is really bad the the story makes you feel like you missed something important in a previous movie . Maybe this story is tied into the first original movie . If so I have never seen the first one so I was lost with that part . If not they do such a bad job of filling you in on the story based before the movie that you start to loose interest . The plot is ok . I mean I 've seen t before . Young attractive girl is stalked by a killer while either babysitting , home alone or at an event with friends who are about as smart as a brick . More than likely you will know what is going to happen by about the 30 minute mark . I did n't get frightened at any point nor was I interested after about 40 minutes . I only watched it because I was staying up to see if I won a bid on eBay -LRB- which I did , hello Chevy Chase LP -RRB- . I do n't remember any real language or violence . I mean you saw people being killed but you saw little blood . Again I felt like I was watching that TV show from the 90s . The fact is this was a very predictable movie with good actors whom only use half their ability to act . They have many things that happen that never conclude or have any reason for being on the movie . I think they had a 50 minute movie on their hands and they put a bunch of random stuff in to fill the time . This will not scare or thrill you and you will probably laugh at the points in the movie that are supposed to frighten you . I would say if you must see this . Rent it . By the way just to add an age to this review I am a 23 year old male . Who likes every kind of movie .
 There are 3 words you never want to hear when your horror movie is being reviewed . Predictable , Flawed and Boring . Unfortunately for Nelson McCormick and this version of Prom Night , that is exactly what this film is . PREDICTABLE
 THE PSYCHO ESCAPED JAIL , AND WENT RIGHT TO THE SCHOOL ON PROM NIGHT.HE DISGUISED HIMSELF.THE POLLICE FOUND OUT HE ESCAPED AND PUT POLICE AROUND THE EXITS AND ENTRANCES AND ALL OTHER DOORS.THE PSYCHO 'S ALREADY IN THE SCHOOL.HE SCRATCHED HIS CARD ON PURPOSE TO GET THE MAID TO GET HIM IN A ROOM.HE ASKED FOR TOWELS.WHEN THE MAID WAS READY TO LEAVE-HE STABBED HER.CLARE WENT INTO THE GIRLS OWN ROOM BECAUSE OF AN ARGUEMENT SHE HAD WITH HER BOYFRIEND-SHE GETS STABBED.THEN LATER , HER BOYFRIEND LOOKS FOR HER-HE GETS STABBED.SO ON AND SO ON AND SO ON.THIS WAS A VERY BORING MOVIE.NO SUSPENSE BECAUSE YOU ALREADY KNOW WHAT THE PSYCHO 'S GOING TO DO AND HOW HE DOES IT.THERE 'S NOTHING TO THIS MOVIE.NO EXCITEMENT.THERE WAS N'T ANYTHING TO THIS MOVIE TO GET ANY EMOTION GOING.SHOULD NEVER HAD BEEN MADE .
 How many ways can I diss this movie ? 1 . Very predictable storyline .2 . Packed to the rim with horror movie cliches .3 . Unlikeable teenagers doing dumb things that put their lives in danger .4 . Girls so jumpy that you can fart and have them running for the hills .5 . The killer is revealed very early in the film taking way all suspense .6 . The killer is not scary and is could easily be a heartthrob for teenage girls .7 . Uses the `` boo '' technique ineffectively and excessively .8 . Uneven pacing .9 . Brainless script .10 . You get the drift . This movie is just pathetic in its execution and is going to set back horror films 100 years . If you want a real horror flick watch The Cat In The Hat -LRB- 2003 -RRB- . Its scarier than anything you 'll ever see in this by-the-numbers slasher flick .
 Like a previous reviewer mentioned , I too was horribly embarrassed I went to see this . It was truly painful to sit through . The original was no classic , but it was entertaining and had a sense of mystery to it . This did n't have anything going for it . Bad script , bad acting , bad everything . As far as the worst remakes of recent years go , this and Black Christmas are tops . At least Black Christmas was rated R so it was n't sugar coated to target a younger audience like this one . The best remakes so far have been The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and The Hills Have Eyes . Perhaps if remakes like Black Christmas and Prom Night had fallen into better hands , they would have been more enjoyable . Do n't waste your time and money here . Buy the original for 6.99 . You get to see Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Neilsen cut a rug to some groovy disco music which is worth the price alone . Otherwise , skip the prom and stay home .
 ... somebody does something really stupid and everyone hates them for it ? well this was a 90 minutes movie of stupidness . Honestly , I found myself yelling at the screen saying `` do n't go back there '' . Truthfully this was a pointless movie , predictable in every way , and the characters were just too stupid to survive .
 Of all the movies I 've watched in the past year , I can honestly say `` Prom Night '' is the ONLY movie I sat through that does n't even deserve a single star rating . Keep in mind that I 've seen `` C.H.O.M.P.S. '' , `` Frogs '' , `` Manos , The Hands of Fate '' and `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' all within the past 3 months ... and enjoyed each of them much more than `` Prom Night '' ... it is simply AWFUL!Where do you start with this thing ? 1 . It 's a slasher movie . I love slasher movies , it 's my favorite horror genre . I grew up in the early 80 's when a new slasher flick came out every weekend , and I saw them all . What is the attraction of the slasher flick ? Watching the kills of course . You want to see Jason slaughter camp counselors in imaginitive or gory ways , it 's the DNA of a good slasher flick . `` Prom Night '' is supposed to be a slasher flick , except it has almost no slashing ! The slashing that is present has no gore ! If someone stabs a worthless teen with a knife there should be blood ! Why try to make a PG-13 slasher movie ? Go ahead and make all the blue tinted PG-13 Asian ghost stories you want . Folks are lining up to watch PG-13 vampires turn all sparkly in the sunlight while molesting high school girls , that 's all fine and dandy , but do n't water down the slasher genre .2 . Are all Prom 's multi-million dollar affairs these days ? Since when do paparazzi show up at high school proms and line the red carpet ? Where are the ugly people in this school ? Even the killer looks like he just walked off the set of a Target commercial . The rest of the cast is made up of the usual rainbow coalition characters found in every teen flick pumped out these days . Everyone is so bland and boring , you simply ca n't wait to see them killed . Unfortunately even when they do die , it 's so blah you ca n't even root for the killer.Please , as a fellow horror fan , I implore you , do n't waste your time here . Feel free to go back and watch the remake of `` Black Christmas '' or `` The Fog '' instead . I thought both of those remakes represented the nadir of horror remakes but I learned my lesson after watching `` Prom Night '' ... the pit of suck is n't deep enough for Hollywood and they can always sink further .
 Awful , deplorable , terrible , even these words do n't accurately describe how much of a waste of time this movie is . It feels like a really creepy episode of Dawson 's creek , except that it would have been better with that cast . The first victim in this movie is the suspense as you see the killer in the first five minutes , we then see him all cleaned up some time later at the lead girls Prom killing systematically everyone who crosses his path . Why is he doing all this ??? Good question , they never explain why so do n't hold your breath . There is no plot , no back story , no point . Donot buy this movie !!! Please . I wish I could underline the word please .
 OK , let 's start off by saying this movie blows ! It 's a slick looking film with no tension and even the jolt scares do n't work ! The cast is surprisingly good , considering how stupid this film is . This makes the original look like ` The Exorcist ' ! When will Hollywood learn ? ... never as long as people will pay to see such garbage ! Stay away !
 I ca n't find any good points to this remake , primarily because of its bland script . Also , the direction brings nothing visually or thematically interesting to light . The cast is n't bad , and the cinematography and lighting are clearly professional , but -LRB- like the Black Christmas remake -RRB- there are no improvements on the original . The lead finds herself facing off with the baddie twice , but learns nothing and responds no differently the second time . In fact , she has to be saved - this is actually a retrogression , as with the Halloween remake , where the lead similarly does n't modulate her reactions in any way . In both cases , the original had a stronger and more lifelike female . I doubt this will even develop a cult following , like the not-so-great original with its scarifying disco soundtrack . I say avoid it .
 this should be a fifth installment not no remake . everybody know that the original prom night was about revenge . a boy witness his sister got killed by 4 kids in a banddet bulding . six years has past . he gon na killed them at the prom . this is about an obsessed teacher killed this girl familys went to prison 3 years has past he some how got out and stll trying to get with her . it not scary it like a nick show . i rather watch prom night 3 . it maybe funny but lease it got more killing in it .
 I recieved this item today . It was broken to pieces for one thing . Another was it was used . I did not buy a used version of this dvd . Thumbs down big time on this one .
 THEY ALWAYS screw up with these lame re-makes , like pyscho , leave well enough alone . loved the original prom night . . this version was crap
 I just watched this horrible film tonight for the first time and I HAD to get on here and give it 1 star . This was SUCH a wasted opportunity . The original Prom Night is MILES superior than this sanitized , high gloss , MTVesque , BORING and so incredibly UNSCARY version . There was absolute ZERO suspense in this . They literally show the killer 's face from the beginning , so there is absolutely no point in the movie when he was feared by the audience . This was a HORRIBLE movie , avoid at ALL costs !
 ... And also explains why I did n't enjoy it much as I should . Just to let everyone know I seen this for free but regret spending my time on it anyway . And also just for the record my husband pick it out not me . After watching this I felt like I was watching a 91210 episode more then anything else . The direction by Nelson McCormick is n't good . He actually repeats a so-called shock moment twice in the movie , once near the start , the other near the end . Except neither are scary . He seems to be more interested in the scenes at the Prom , as opposed to the so-called horror/thriller parts of the story.The kill scenes are bloodless . Using a knife , you would expect to see more blood spilled , but even when you see victims after , the so-called stab wounds look like simple stains on the clothing ! As for the set-up of the kills , none are that shocking , surprising or scary . Tense chase scenes are ruined by dim-witted random pigeons appearing out of nowhere ! As you can imagine I really disliked the pigeon sequence . The film being unintentionally funny just stomps the final nail in the coffin really , the porter death scene is something that I want to see again just for a laugh really . The poor dialogue is just embarrassing , the script is once again embarrassing , and the ending ridiculously predictable you might as well have not bothered to even see the movie from the get go . The movie does admittedly improve as it goes on in a way , the first forty minutes being almost unbearable . Once the killing starts you no longer want to slit your wrists , but you still have to cope with an incredible amount of lack of common sense.The performances of the mostly unknown cast -LRB- to me at least -RRB- are n't that good , but Brittany Snow as Donna is awful . Admittedly her part as written does her no favors , but she 's not good . In fact the only actress or actor of the group that was any good was Jessica Stroup . She was convincing in `` The Hills Have Eyes 2 '' as a marine , and would have been a better choice for the lead role , in my opinion.Overall Prom Night is a boring and lazy attempt at a horror movie . So try to save your money , go rent the original for a better slasher film that 's associated to this .
 After I watched this megabomb , I seriously researched to see if Walt Disney had made it . It 's so clean and predictable and devoid of any blood , suspense or terror , that even kiddies can view it.I 've always loved the original PROM NIGHT with Jamie Lee Curtis . Although the original had gore and knockout murders , it was still fun and suspenseful.Switch to 2007 and you 've got the latest wretched remake of a classic . You would think that surely today 's modern horror film makers could create something juicy and original -- like `` Jeepers Creepers . But no . When they 're not remaking every hideous Asian horror flick like `` Mirrors '' `` The eye '' , `` The Grudge , '' they 're desecrating such classics as `` Prom night , '' `` Halloween , '' `` The Fog . `` In this anemic mess , we 're supposed to believe that the survivor of a mass murder is STILL living in her house and on the anniversary of the slaughter , she goes to the prom . In atrocities like this one , she and her fellow empty-headed buddies do everything stupid you can imagine.When the prom is suddenly shut down because the police are now aware that the killer has returned , what does the heroine do ? She goes back upstairs to retrieve something -- while her fellow party-goers are all racing down the steps.This is a Pure Vanilla movie . It 's pretty and bland and boring and the only good thing about is the terrific box cover/poster that shows a screaming victim . When a poster is the best thing you can say about a movie , then it 's time the movie-makers of this botched classic should think of making something different -- like another Rambo or Rocky flick .
 What was the point of this?I know that movies are made to make money and the simplest movie to turn a buck is the teen slasher film . No thought , all formula . But this particular film is so empty and soul-less that I was overwhelmed with the numbness of indifference . The villain is n't that interesting . The kids solemnly spout lines that were used a bridges between the songs in GREASE -LRB- `` The prom is the end of school -- what if we never see each other again ! '' -RRB- . The production values are good , which only highlights the utter lameness of the proceedings.In the 70s and 80s , drive-in horror flicks provided fun through over-the-top violence , ridiculous storylines , and hot chicks in various stages of undress . Well , it looks like we 've progressed in our politically-correct thinking that even the cheap drive-in horror movie does n't indulge in the same old thrills anymore.So what does that leave?Not a whole lot . Just take a look at this PROM NIGHT .
 Horror remakes suck for the most part and I can only think of a few that were better then the original . This film was released during the PG-13 horror craze , which i 'm glad died off . It 's stupid too make a PG-13 horror considering most kids will just sneak into an R rated one anyways but I digress.The film starts off with a beautiful MTV type blonde who comes home to find her parents and brother murdered by some psycho . They catch him and lock him away from life but he escapes ... on her prom night ! The prom nights were typical teen movie party scenes that I just fast fowarded through . The killer is one of the worst killers in cinema history , almost laughable . He wears a suit , a baseball cap , and one expression . The kills are not shown on camera as a marketing ploy to make people go out and buy the `` Unrated , too scary for theaters '' dvd edition . I will not buy the unrated version based on the movie . The whole movie sucked and i 'm glad I didnt go out and purchase this movie . AVOID THIS PIECE OF CRAP !!!
 It 's always been fun watching horror flicks in which hapless teenagers get killed off and they 're really dumb . Unfortunately , films like Prom Night ruin any fun of seeing these kinds of films . Prom Night is uncreative , uninteresting , unimaginative , and definitely not scary teen slasher film . Panned by critics and hated by moviegoers , Prom Night is an epic disaster of horror cinema , and there are many good reasons why you should avoid it.WHAT IT 'S ABOUT
 You might not agree but you can understand the desire to remake horror films such as Halloween and A Nightmare on Elm Street . However , is Hollywood so devoid of imagination that they now have to remake lackluster films from the 1980 's ? When the original Prom Night came out in 1980 , the slasher genre was still in its infancy and can hardly be considered a classic . In fact , the only thing notable about the original is that it starred Jamie Lee Curtis . Okay , so this Prom Night is n't a true remake although the plot of a killer , stalking students during their High School prom , is still the central theme.A deranged school teacher , obsessed with Donna -LRB- Snow -RRB- murders her entire family before being caught by police . Three years later , on the night of her prom , the police find out that the killer escaped from the asylum where he had been committed . As Donna , her boyfriend Bobby -LRB- Porter -RRB- and their friends enjoy their prom in a posh hotel ballroom , the killer , Richard Fenton -LRB- Schaech -RRB- has made his way there as well . The police , led by Detective Winn , converge on the hotel to locate the killer as the body count rises.Prom Night is as predictable as they come and because of that , there is little suspense . It 's like the scenes were pieced together from every other slasher film you 've ever seen . You know who is going to die and who is going to survive . Worse , Prom Night is a dumb film , filled with characters doing dumb things . When the police evacuate the hotel , hoping to trap the killer inside , Donna decides she HAS to run back up to the third floor because she forgot her mother 's shawl . And yes , I do n't think I 'm playing spoiler too much to say who is waiting for her in the room . When Donna is taken to her home by the police do they leave a squad to protect the killer 's target ? No ! They leave two cops ! When Winn discovers that the killer has escaped the hotel he races to Donna 's house but does n't call for backup until he 's actually inside , conveniently leaving the Swat team to eat donuts back at the hotel . The killer , naturally , seems to be smarter than the entire police force , not too mention a master of disguise and stealth . He easily eludes dozens of cops and can disappear without a trace.The theatrical version of the film was rated PG-13 and this `` unrated '' version is just as tame . There 's little blood and gore for a slasher film . It seems like Prom Night was targeted for young teens and serious horror fans will find little that is compelling in the film.ExtrasThe one area where Prom Night gets a solid grade is in the Extras . There 's a surprising amount of bonus features and some are quite good . There is an audio commentary with the director and several cast members including Snow . Other features include : Deleted ScenesAlternate EndingGag ReelMaking of DocumentaryThree additional FeaturettesTrailers
 Wow . This had to be the most un-thrilling horror movie I 've ever seen . Everyone is killed the exact same way . There is little to no tension in most of the scenes . No gore . Snore . Good points
 28 years ago a fairly successful horror movie was released starring the then-reigning scream queen , Jamie Lee Curtis -LRB- `` Halloween '' -RRB- , and dealt with teenagers being murdered on what should be one of the happiest nights of their lives , Prom Night . Fast-forward to 2008 , and director Nelson McCormick -LRB- TV 's `` Prison Break '' -RRB- and writer J.S. Cardone -LRB- `` The Covenant '' -RRB- have attempted to serve up another dose of mayhem and murder surrounding that festive evening with a loosely-inspired remake of the 1980 slasher film of the same name , the appropriately titled `` Prom Night '' . `` Prom Night '' is the story , as you may have guessed by the title , of a group of teenage friends attending their high school prom , except what should be a night of fond memories , will end up becoming a night of horrifying nightmares for those that survive . Three years ago , Donna -LRB- Brittany Snow -RRB- , a popular girl in the school , lost her entire family to a killer obsessed with being with her . Now , on the night she has waited for throughout her entire high school life , the killer returns to finish what he started.I will admit that I have only seen bits and pieces of the original `` Prom Night '' that starred Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen , and what I 've seen appeared to be fairly predictable , as most horror films in the 80 's tended to be . So , I 'm pretty confident I could surmise what happened in the end without ever finishing the movie . With this 2008 incarnation that has been dubbed a remake by most viewers , albeit an extremely loose one at that , the same predictability of the original continues to exist even in today 's incarnation and the movie definitely does not benefit from it . `` Prom Night '' begins with a very brutal opening sequence that definitely catches the audience by surprise . When watching this surprising opening portion of the movie , you are given this false sense that perhaps you are going to be watching a horror film that is in the vein of the slashers of the 80 's ; except that this is one that actually knows how to send thrills and chills through you . However , after that initial sequence ends you quickly begin to realize that this movie is going to fall extremely short of the expectations that its opening had set you up with.I was intrigued by the story at first , not just because of the opening sequence , but because writer J.S. Cardone had actually created an extremely creepy villain -LRB- Johnathon Schaech -RRB- that was not supernatural as many of the villains in the traditional horror films have been . This villain is one that may actually exist somewhere in the world , and that is a very frightening prospect when you stop to think about it . Even though the killer was much more believable than most within horror films , the movie quickly loses itself amongst numerous horror movie clich&eacute;s , insipid dialogue , and an undeniably heavy dose of plot holes and continuity errors ; not to mention the fact that the movie unfolds in such a predictable fashion that it simply boggles the mind that any writer would even bother submitting this as a finished screenplay.The biggest problem that I had with `` Prom Night '' was the numerous plot holes and continuity errors that plagued the film . Many movies have these problems , sometimes you can ignore them , but there are times when they occur so frequently that it becomes flat-out distracting and there 's just no denying their existence . `` Prom Night '' falls into the category of a movie with so many plot holes/errors that there is n't enough substance left over to make the movie work in any logical sense . One of the main sources of the problem was the fact that whenever the killer murders someone -LRB- and this is n't really spoiling anything , because everyone has figured out by now that murders occur in horror films -RRB- , he somehow is able to move their body without making any noise when someone may be in the other room , and also without leaving any kind of bloody trail or blood stain of any kind . Yeah right , give me a break.Leading the cast of mostly unknown teenagers , many of which I doubt will have all that lengthy of a career in Hollywood , was the surprisingly talented actress Brittany Snow -LRB- `` Hairspray '' -RRB- . Brittany easily carried this film on her own , and her likeability and talent as an actress made the movie at least bearable , but one ca n't help but wonder why a young actress as talented as she bothers to debase herself by coming within ten feet of this garbage . The only reason I can figure is that Brittany most likely viewed this as an opportunity to expand her fan base by gaining the exposure amongst teenagers that a horror film can provide ; however , there have got to be better choices out there than something this ridiculous and uninspired.The rest of the teenage cast , or at least those pretending to be that young , was a mixture of those that were moderately talented individuals , to those that should n't expect much more work to come their way later . Many members of the cast fell into the latter category . The only other good performance in the movie , aside from Brittany Snow 's , would be from Johnathon Schaech as the film 's creepy villain . Although Johnathon created an interesting and realistic villain , whoever made the decision to have him walk slower than a snail during the killing sequences really should have taken a few more moments to think that through . In most horror movies , especially those of the `` Halloween '' or `` Friday the 13th '' variety , the killer tends to walk unbelievably slow for someone trying to make a killing ; however , as slow as those killers walk , their victims normally stop to hide/catch their breath which allows the killer to catch them . With `` Prom Night '' the killer walks slower than Jason or Michael Myers ever did , and his victims rarely stop running away ; yet somehow he manages to catch them every time and to me that is a problem for believability in a movie that is already pushing the limits in that area to begin with.With too many problems that plague the entire movie , `` Prom Night '' fails to deliver any sort of thrills or chills to the audience ; mostly because the audience is too busy laughing at how stupid everything and everyone is within this movie . I must point out that the filmmaker , Nelson McCormick , was smart enough to determine that his movie had far too many problems ; so he kept the movie 's pace going along at a very fast rate . This was done so the audience would hardly have any time to notice all of the little inconsistencies or impossibilities that kept occurring throughout his pale imitation of a horror thriller . `` Prom Night '' is available in PG-13 and unrated editions both contain violence , language , and sensuality .
 I saw the unrated version on dvd and it was bad . I cant imagine what the PG-13 version was like . Truthfully , the movie wasnt awful , but it just wasnt good .
 I did not have high expectations for this movie , but it was even worse than I expected . There is a huge lack of suspense . You find out almost immediately who the killer is and realize early on that he basically is going to stab everyone he sees . There are no dramatic effects , no gore and no connection to the characters . The only character I did end up caring about was Donna , her friends had such dull storylines that you almost did n't miss them when they died . It was so predictable which characters were going to get slashed and the police stakeout was a joke . I definitely recommend passing on this movie .
 Just to put my own two cents in ... This is NOT a remake of the 1980 Jamie Lee Curtis film . The only similarity between the two is that they have a Prom in them . That 's it . Nothing else even slightly resembles the 80 's film.This film was mediocre at it 's best moments . And those moments were scarce . Jonathan Schaech stars * and i use the term stars VERY , VERY lightly * as a psychotic , obsessed teacher who will stop at nothing to have his doe-eyed teen-student played by Brittany Snow , all to himself . He slaughters her whole family and she barely makes it out with her own life.Cut to a year or so later and we find Brittany `` coping '' with the loss of her mom , dad and brother by going to her senior prom . Now , I think it might just be me , but If my entire family was hacked down by a person obsessed with me , i would probably feel a LITTLE guilty dancing it up at a senior prom . I think it would take me at least a decade until I could go out and party-it-up knowing that my family is dead because of someone who wanted to be with me . BUT , THAT 'S JUST ME ! CALL ME DEPRESSING ... BUT , I WOULD WALLOW IN THAT GRIEF AND GUILT!Anyways , Prom Night fails to deliver . It might just be because it 's a movie aimed at a different generation than mine . My own senior Prom was 8 years ago , and culture seems to have changed -LRB- for the worse -RRB- in a lot of regards . The film definetly caters to the youth of America , which is normal . I could totally see younger teens and high school age kids loving this film ... because it ties in that all-important Prom ritual that most kids look oh-so forward to -LRB- Ummmm , YAY -RRB- and there is nothing wrong with that.But , this film felt SO all over the place . It was hard to really understand where it was going at times . The killer had no logic or reason to the people he killed . He just sat around and killed people for no reason . I especially did n't appreciate him stabbing the poor Latina maid who was probably working nights so her kids could wear decent looking clothes , while the spoiled , Gossip Girl hoochie mama 's whine and moan about who is going to win the coveted Prom Queen title . I thought it was a little gratuitous with that death scene . If you are going to make a teen slasher flick ... stick with killing the teens , do n't slaughter random cleaning women . Once again , I 'm just being critical.Overall , the movie just felt WRONG to me . There was just something missing . I think a lot of it had to do with my own personal lack of sympathy towards that specific social clique-I really do n't mind seeing the Bitchy girls -LRB- You know the type-The brats you see on MTV 's SWEET SIXTEEN screaming that they wanted a BLACK Lexus instead of a Red one -RRB- and the a-hole Jock types -LRB- The ones who called you a f * g or rammed you into lockers -RRB- get picked off one by one because ... errrrrrr ... they kinda deserve it as far as the land of fictional Horror goes.Let 's face it , 75 % of those kinds of kids in school were total douchbags and you KNOW you liked seeing a fictional version of them get a little fantasy retribution . haha.Oh well ... take it for what it is ... a cheesy , marketing idea to draw teens to the theaters with a couple of mindless jump scenes and pretty , sparkly prom gowns.I would n't bother with a rental ... but do as you please !
 WOW ! I hope Wolfgang Petersen sued Bollywood 's ass off for stealing his movie almost verbatim ? Shattered happens to be one of my all time favorite movies and , while a modern day remake would be interesting , for Hindi Films to just plagiarize this is beyond comprehension . This movie is n't a slight resemblance to Shattered or a similar tale ... IT IS SHATTERED with a different title , different actors in a foreign language ! Even the main characters flashbacks to going through the car windshield in the accident throughout as his own memories fight the false ones his deceptive `` wife/mistress '' have fed him conflict all there . When Tom Behrenger 's `` Dan Merrick '' came home from the hospital and smashed the mirror in the master bedroom SO DID HIS COUNTERPART IN THIS ONE ! Do n't waste your money enabling the crooks that stole this great movie !!!!
 I need to admit that in the past , I 've been sort of prejudiced against Michelle Yeoh and the fact that , despite being a Hong Kong action star , she does n't come from a martial arts background . Recently I 've realized what an ignorant mindset this was , given the consistent , authentic quality of her output , as well as the fact that she 's part of one of my favorite fight scenes of all time fromYes , Madam ! . Disappointingly , her most recent solo outing in an action film - 2004 's `` Silver Hawk '' here - is far from her best work and unlikely to endear new fans . Frustratingly glossy and superficial , this is one for folks who can take style over substance , even when said style is n't presented very well.The story
 Someone else said they were embarassed to see Michelle Yeoh in this film . I would have to agree . What 's worse is that she produced it too -LRB- with her production company Mythical Films -RRB- . I 'm quite a fan of Michelle , and I love her movies , but this was indeed pretty painful to watch . I 've always believed she was such a great actress , but the acting in this movie really suprised me
 It is a rather silly story and even Michelle Yeoh ca n't pull it out from the fire . I think I will sell the DVD .
 If you like a lot of action and stunts but no substance , plot or real acting then you will like this movie
 Asian production of a comic book of the same name . Does n't offer much except some martial arts violence scenes . I would n't want to see it again , but maybe worth a rental . Contains several scenes of actors speaking in the asian language ,
 As a fan of Michelle Yeoh , I was embarassed to see her in this film . The acting was abysmal . The special effects were probably the best part of the film . Fight scenes were mediocre and boring . This ranks up there with the recently released House of Fury . The cheese is laid on thick and the characters have little or no development . You can tell from the first 5 minutes what this movie is going to be like , a real stinker . Do n't waste your money . It 's awful .
 There is a place fearful to those of us who enjoy good and solid films . This is a place where a person can watch a film and after about ten minutes desire to pull their own eyes out . Truly Silver Hawk is one of the worst films I have ever seen . After the first 10 minutes I truthfully felt like jumping out of a window for wasting 5 dollars at Blockbuster . I later found the will to live by watching Spiderman 2 , Blade , and Batman Begins.I have no idea what the director or the actors were thinking of when they took on this assignment . So as not to rant and rave forever about the emotions I felt upon watching this ... horrible thing called a DVD here are my problems with it.The movie is basically a take off of the whole Bruce Wayne style hero who is wealthy aristacrate by day hero by night . In this case though Michelle Yeoh 's character , Lulu aka Silverhawk fights crime ONLY in broad daylight . I do n't think that night time even exists in this movie . The action scenes are overdone and never present themselves as really anything of danger . At one point Silver Hawk saves a bride at an outdoor wedding by catching a falling peice of plywood with her fingers.There really is no plot , and Silver Hawk 's war on crime seems really like pretend to begin with , as the film never presents itself as something that can be taken seriously . What is also disappointing is the fact that Michelle Yeoh , Michael Jai White , and Luke Goss have played in major films before.My best advice for anyone even considering watching this film is ... life is to precious to loose time on a movie this bad .
 April Showers.The title alone carries with it the melodramatic weight of an emo-boy writing to his lost love.This is a movie that points to our flawed human psychology ; we need easy answers . We need easy closure . We need fixes . We do n't want to believe the world can be dark , scary , random , and unexplainable . Movies , in one way , are a perfect resource for this idea . However , in the objective look at things , personal tragedies such as Columbine , when given this ` easy ' spin , can result in Disney-esque results . Why approach horror in such a way ? What if the Holocaust was portrayed in such melodrama ? Or Pearl Harbor -LRB- see
 OK , it is clear why a new movie goes straight to download without a stitch of advertising . With a pretty good concept and some decent dialogue , you really have to drive the actors and scenes like Bangkok taxi driver to mess it up this badly . I mean just painful to watch sometimes and you want to like it.You can get just vested enough to go - jeez , why did they do it like that .
 If you 're looking for family picture , something cheerful and joyful that would make you smile and laugh , you should see some other Benji films , but not this one . Sure , the dogs are cute . But I think probably most dogs on this planet are cute , and that alone does not make a good family picture . You may think ` Benji
 I was horrified by this movie . My 5-year-old daughter and I watched this together hoping for a normal , uplifting , cute animal movie . The pointless , meandering , nonexistent storyline was the least offensive thing about it . Not much `` FUN AND HILARITY '' ensues in this disgusting downer . The ` movie ' includes a psychopathic father who abuses and neglects his breeding dogs AND his son & wife -LRB- why does n't the wife DO something ?! -RRB- , two idiotic dog catchers , some peripheral characters who show up in the last 10 minutes to ` save the day ' -LRB- too little too late -RRB- . Among the horrid scenes are a small puppy being throw across a room ; a depressing backyard filled with ` breeder ' dogs shoved in cramped , dirty cages ; the implication that the psycho dad throws a bag with a runt puppy off a cliff into a river ; a sick and dying female dog who has been overused for breeding ; psycho dad verbally abusing his son ; the implication that the wife is being hit ; NO ONE doing or reporting any of the abuses -LRB- until the end - when the psycho is finally hauled off to jail -RRB- . Truly one of the worst , most sickening movies I 've ever seen . The issue of animal -LRB- and kid/wife -RRB- abuse is a topic of social importance that should be addressed , but NOT in a movie advertised as a rolicking , heartwarming kids ' movie . This is NOT FOR KIDS . Not for anyone , really .
 Are you kidding me ? Are there two different versions of this movie ? How could anyone rate this 5 stars ? I do n't right many reviews , but I feel like a victim after watching this sad excuse for a film . The title should be Benji Fights All Forms of Abuse . Spousal abuse . Child abuse . Animal abuse . We got 'em all folks ! `` The best family film in years ! '' That was an actual quote from someone who watched this movie . Spoiler alert ! A man throws a puppy in a burlap sack off a cliff into a river . Benji does not save the day . Enter sadness.Best line from the movie . . Son
 I bought two copies of this DVD , assuming that it would be a cute dog movie to give to my four year old son and his friend for Christmas . I could n't have been more wrong . First of all , the father in the movie is a dog breeder who is not only abusive to his dogs , but his wife and son as well . In one scene in the movie , the father , mother and son are at the police station . While they are there , the police officer pushes back the mother 's hair , exposing a bruise on her forehead . While abuse is certainly a disturbing reality for some families today , the topic does not belong in a family movie that is likely to be viewed by young children . Beyond the topic of abuse , the rest of the storyline has little/no redeeming value . I am shocked that Reader 's Digest gave this movie their Seal of Approval . I do not recommend this movie for children or adults of any age .
 Not for kids and not entertaining.Very disappointing ... Abusive father ...
 I rated this movie 1 star because I liked the dog and that was about it -LRB- OK , the cockatoo was cute , too -RRB- . But , I got this movie for my preschool daughter because she loves dogs . I was really saddened that it turned out to be a story of animal abuse , child abuse -LRB- verbal -RRB- , and spousal abuse . The father character in this movie is mentally and physically abusive . He is not `` redeemed '' at the end , as happens in most movies of this type . I was really hoping that in the end , he would `` see the light '' and become a kinder , gentler father and husband . Instead , he 's carted off to jail ! Very sad . If you 're looking for a movie with `` family '' values , unfortunately , you wo n't find them in this one .
 Because Benji looks like sheepdog terrier his is all puffy Im 41 watched it for free thought the moviE was tolerable but my benji doll in my closet -LRB- my souvenir as a child that I kept because -RRB- IT LOOKS LIKE THE ORIGNAL BENJI NOT A BIG CUDDLY FURRY TERRIER . CAMP COULD N'T YOU FIND A LOOK ALIKE OHHH WE LIVE IN 2011 AND EVERYTHING IS SO DIGITAL AND PUFFY RIP BENJI FROM 1973 1977 777777777 77777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777IM 41 MIDDLE AGE NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
 I took less than detailed notes when sitting through BENJI
 My mom bought this movie along with the original Benji for my older son for Christmas . I wish I 'd known what this was about because she could have saved her money . Let me just describe the films opening scene -- it shows a man throwing a puppy across a room . Does that sound like something appropriate for little kids ? After seeing that I immediately turned it off . My son was of course upset and wanted to know why he would hurt that dog . There are plenty of other good kids movies out there . Do n't waste your time on this dud .
 Benji
 One has to wonder how many of these rave 5 star reviews are by the chorus of singers in the film ? Documentary films have progressed tremendously since this film won an Academy Award 21 years ago . It 's no '' The Thin Blue Line '' , which came out three years earlier and revolutionized documentary film making . The Thin Blue Line was wrongfully disqualified by the Academy from receiving nominations because of the re-enactments , or was it because of the re-enactments of the re-enactments ? I do n't think re-enactments raise an eyebrow now.Many of these reviews are of the VHS tape version and anybody rating that either did the review a long time ago when documentaries were not as well made as today , or they are so behind the times they do n't have anything recent to compare , like thousands of documentaries released on DVD first.I live in San Francisco and have known or met many singers like these chorus singers . I watched this a year ago and wondered how it got an Academy Award . It is pretty unmemorable . I guess they were a lot easier to win for a documentary 21 years ago , or the director had a great PR person like `` The Artist '' had . Maybe the success of The Thin Blue Line so upset the Academy that they decided to reward only the status quo for a few years . Does Ernest Borgnine get to vote on documentaries too ? If not now , I bet he did when this won.Nowadays , the competition is fierce for feature length documentaries . I have forgotten the specific details , but being a gay man , I do recall there was a very compelling background story for one of the gay male singers uncovered in this film , but the director chose to ignore it . That was frustrating , It would have been much more interesting than what was n't ignored . The cinematography is boring -LRB- the wife/partner did it -RRB- . People are starting to understand you do n't have to accept boring cinematography just because it is a documentary , but they still succeed today with boring cinematography . That is changing as the bar is raised , even in short , no-budget doc films .
 The only thing potential viewers really need to know about this film is that it is n't so much a ` zomedy ' as it is a teen romantic comedy ... with zombies . If you 're favorable toward teen romantic comedies , then you 'll probably like this flick . If that 's not your bag , then even if you are a big zombie movie fan , you 'll likely be disappointed . Instead of ` Shaun of the Dead ' , ` DeadHeads ' is closer to ` Better off Dead ' . But , even with that exception , ` DeadHeads ' still has other problems . Michael McKiddy and Ross Kidder are ok as the leads , but few of the other actors measure up . And while the plot holes are n't as big of a problem , the ridiculous ending was . For reasons never explained , Michael McKiddy and Ross Kidder are zombies who still have all their faculties while the rest of the horde are the mindless corpses we 've grown accustomed to seeing . Determined to travel cross-country and finally tell his girlfriend his real feelings for her , McKiddy refuses to let a little thing like being dead stand in his way . With nothing much else going on , Kidder and a trained zombie pet named Cheese decide to go along , not knowing they are also the subject of an intense zombie hunt by inept government forces . Will McKiddy find true love that transcends the grave , or will he lose his nerve before he even tries?Like I said , more of a romantic comedy/buddy road trip movie than anything else . Sort of a bizarre date movie . Zombie fans may be disappointed .
 So juvenile , I love zombies and zombie comedies but this had terribly written jokes and poor acting . Not even close to Shaun of the Dead .
 I would rather be water-boarded while someone poured hot wax on my nut sack than watch this chunk of poop again .
 Who wrote these reviews ? This film was terrible . The acting was so over the top I thought I was watching a cartoon . I was n't expecting much , but this was so cheesy . I can believe the ratings for this . Had to be the film makers and their friends writing these reviews . So terrible . Save yourself time and money and watch something else .
 Quentin Crisp was one of the last great wits . A man who lived through two lifetimes worth of adventures , yet this movie comes off flat , strained and art ~ sy -LRB- when it it obvious the director is aiming at art ~ ful -RRB- . It would have been better if the director just allowed Mr. Crisp to speak for himself , but instead , we are given shots of people speaking into mirrors and sometimes even through them.I had such high hopes for this film , but it was a remarkable let down . Still , it is a must for Quentin Crisp fans and I know there are many people who fit into that category . Buy it , if you must , but do n't say I did n't warn you.As a side note , and apropos of nothing , there is a fascinating -LRB- perhaps the film 's single instance of such an event -RRB- and disturbing scene shot in the Bridge Water art gallery in New York . The superb , and at that time unappreciated artist , Patrick Angus , Quentin Crisp and a play-write go to the Bridge Water gallery to show the owner Mr. Angus ' work . The gallery owner poo-poos it and dismisses it as overly sexual and not commercial . You can see the utter and undisguised humiliation in Patrick Angus ' eyes , the pain of rejection and the almost palpable sense of worthlessness as his paintings are cast aside as so much rubish ... the scene is a window into the pain and suffering artists are subjected to each and every day . Mr. Angus died of Aids in 1992 -LRB- that scene was shot and took place in 1988 -RRB- and lived in poverty while his ouvre was only finally understood and appreciated as he lay dying . I suppose that scene alone makes the purchase of this DVD worth ~ while . For one brief moment , we can all share in the ignominy accorded artists by an all too cruelly-commercial world .
 Know everything about Quentin Crisp and his cult of hollow personality I do not , nor -- after watching this docudrama -- do I ever care to . Aside from the temporary allure of his part-Wilde , part-Magoo attire and demeanor , Crisp could n't be more limp , a seemingly complex character embodying such contradictions as building a legacy is pointless once your dead and life begins at fame . Crisp 's personality flaws would n't doom the film if the director had approached this self-described `` professional failure '' like the homeless woman in `` Jupiter 's Wife , '' trying to understand how Crisp came to be the person he is . Nossiter barely scratches the 70-odd years before Crisp became `` famous , '' taking it for granted that he 's a household name for the viewer . Instead , the director is content merely to celebrate Crisp 's quirks , at times employing interesting stage tricks that aptly mirror the neo-dandy 's frame of mind . Without being challenged by the camera lens or director , Crisp comes off no more than an Andy Warhol groupie beating a dead horse , like Village Voice gossip Michael Musto and never-has-been Holly Woodlawn , who are also featured in the film.However , if , as he himself says , Crisp is content merely to be a failure and the straight man 's court jester , then he 's succeeded brilliantly . But what do I care ? Better he -LRB- not to mention Nossiter -RRB- had kept it to himself .
 This is a sometimes humorous film for those familiar with all the facts surrounding UFOs , abduction lore . Production values OK . Acting adequate . I was not very impressed with this film .
 I went to a private screening of this . It was so boring and such a mess I nearly walked out . It made no sense at all . Only out of loyalty to Brandon and Ayers , who produced this mess , did I stay . Come on , guys . You get money to make a film and THIS is what you make ? Brandon , stick to magic .
 Designed for the kid at heart , this movie is an animated feature film starring the man who lives under the sea , Spongebob Squarepants . In this movie , Spongebob volunteers to travel to Shell City to retrieve the missing crown of King Neptune . The king has falsely accused Mr. Krab - Songebob 's boss where he works - of steeling the crown and has threatened to execute him immediately if Spongebob does n't find the real thief of his prized possession.This movie is aimed at the younger crowd , ages one to eight . As far as cartoon movies go , this one does n't rank very high on my critically acclaimed list . The reason is that the movie is mostly stupid with very few laughs . I realize this is a kid 's film , but there are other animated feature films with many more laughs and something for everyone in the family to enjoy . With this movie , the only ones laughing are gong to be those under eight years of age.Even when this movie is n't attempting to be funny , it is still pretty lame . Most every scene is predictable , including the ending , which you already know about ten minutes into the film . The singing scenes are also pretty weak , especially the song `` Now That We 're Men '' , sung by Spongebob and his friend Patrick , the starfish . The lyrics of this song are silly and even juveniles will roll their eyes when they listen to it . The only good song in this movie comes near the end when Spongebob starts to sing a heavy metal - type tune . It 's not something you expect , and it is at least mildly amusing.David Hasselhoff makes a cameo appearance in this film and , once again , his part is rather silly and forgettable . And that sums up my feelings toward this movie very well . Youngsters will enjoy it very much , but it will put adults and teenagers to sleep with its goofiness , lack of good humor , and complete predictability .
 OK , I know people 'll hate me for saying this movie sucks . I know people will love me for saying anything SB-related sucks , but personally I love Spongebob and it 's one of my top 3 favorite cartoons , but this louisy movie makes a mockery of this awesome franchise.The story is the worst part . Plankton frames Mr. Krabs for stealing King Neptune 's -LRB- who looks like some cheesy nut out of `` Teacher 's Pet '' -RRB- crown so Neptune will kill Mr. Krabs and Plankton will be able to take the unguarded Krabby Patty Formula ! However , Spongebob convinces Neptune to give him and Patrick about a week to retrieve the crown from the forbidden area of Shell City . However , Plankton finds out about this and sends the nearly invincible hitman , Dennis , to exterminate Spongebob and Patrick . Although this may seem like a heroic adventure , it 's just too difficult for the writers to do when they 've got ta ' fill up 90 minutes , which ultimately screwed the movie up big time ! Plus , the ending is totally unexpected in the most stupid and goofy way possible.Don ' t get me started on characters . First of all , Spongebob and Patrick hog the screen . Look , Spongebob is the least funny character and Patrick 's stupidity is exxagerated so much , it just ai n't funny ! Plus , Sandy only has one 1-second line in the whole movie and Squidward , who establishes why SB is also funny for adults , has hardly any role in the movie and when he appears , does n't act like his usual self . Now , he stands up for himself and wants to save Mr. Krabs
 I really like watching the 15-mins Spongebob Squarepants episodes on TV ; they 're very innocent and happy , but when I watched this movie I almost lost my head because of the awful it was ! This is actually `` the longest and most boring Spongebob episode ever '' , the critics here in Chile said that and I totally agree with them.The worst thing the producers could do was to include real people and stupid effects that make you laugh in the movie . Like David Hasselhoff , the made fun of himself by acting here !!!! plus , the stupid effect when he starts acting as if he was a boat or something , I had self-shame when I watched that part !!!!! I think that the worst thing you could do is to buy this DVD
 Here it comes ! The big movie of the hilarious TV series , it 's The Spongbob Squarepants Movie ! Spongbob and Patrick are on a mission to save King Neptunne 's crown , and they travel a long long way . Despite my two stars , the move has it 's moments when you laugh and giggle . But the movie lost the essance of the series
 Full Screen Edition dvds suck -LRB- UNLESS IT WAS filmed that way -RRB- . Full Screen crops the theatrical picture to 4:3 ratio which is the shape of a standard -LRB- non-widescreen -RRB- TV screen . There is no letterboxing , but up to a third of the original picture is lost . WIDESCREEN preserves the original theatrical picture ratio of the film which will appear in `` letterboxed '' format on a normal TV screen . If the movie is going to be modified from it 's original version then It should not cost as much .
 I 'll admit it
 Whoever is buying this type of DVD read below the full facts on the fullscreen edition , the following is obviously true.Conversions from movies that attempt to fit as ` fullscreen editions ' and people thinking on buying the fullscreen version wo n't know a little bit of picture they 're missing from their television screen which happenes to fullscreen television sizes . I own the widescreen version of the SpongeBob SquarePants Movie , considering me a SpongeBob fan myself and this movie feels like another SpongeBob episode is combined with it , you probably figured that out already!Before you add this DVD to your cart , I would prefer the widescreen edition , because you will get the full picture of the movie just like you see it wide in the cinema , creating a brilliant outstanding picture , and you could even see extra areas that may be cut off from your fullscreen television screen . Experienced DVD fanatics like me would know everything about this , and you should too with your other collections of Digital Versatile Discs.Because it 's still the SpongeBob SquarePants Movie that I expect it to be , I 'm giving this kind a very sad two stars because fullscreen editions are n't crash hot mostly all the good time , and at least there is the movie you get what you really pay for.If you do n't believe my opinion then you would rather learning on DVD screen resolutions - do n't waste your money by testing this out . You 'll be sorry . Oh by the way , who cares if you do n't have a widescreen television ? Get it anyway ! Remember that this is a fact , and it is n't the saying of my type `` that people have nothing better to say and give it bad reviews '' .
 I am disappointed in the movie . My advice would rent first to see if you truly want this one in your collection or rapidly repeatly watched over by the little ones.The movie had a few funny parts but off beat to the clean crazy humor the show is so loved for by adults and children . Some how seeing Patrick in a pair of net stockings and high heels sort of ruins the image of cool to dearly sad way of getting a laugh , if someone finds that funny . I find the rest of the movie following suit to a lower level of humor where I think they either were trying to hard that they missed the boat or maybe not trying hard enough that the boat is a sinking ship .
 I like Spongebob , though not quite as much as my kids . This was an enjoyable , but not exceptional DVD . Around here the measure of a DVD is the encore factor . If they do n't play the hell of of it , it is n't all that . -LRB- Does n't explain El Dorado , that gets played far more often than it deserves . -RRB- It has n't been played a second time , even by my 7 year old who watches SB every day . I would n't waste the cash on this one , you 'll get more enjoyment out of the endless re-runs they play on Nick .
 As this dvd has a region 1 setting we are not able to play it in Ireland
 As with every Nick movie from 2002 onwards , this movie is rated PG . However , some countries , like the U.K. for example , has a G equivalent . Come on ! We hardly get to see G rated movie in theaters anymore ! There are lots of PG movies for families that are innocent and do n't deserve a high rating . Maybe it 's just a filthy trick for the MPAA to encourage children to read a book or play a sport ? B *** S ** T ! I like movies , and kids like movies . I do n't it when parents worry . Please , MPAA ? Let our country 's children see a stinkin ' movie , will ya ?
 I had to watch this in my band class when we had a substitute teacher because some teenagers are so immature they watch SpongeBob . I do n't watch TV at all , and was not expecting to see this movie.The `` humor '' in this movie ranges from forced -LRB- the whole `` Goofy Goober '' thing , a Chuck E. Cheese-like establishment , only with peanutes -RRB- to disturbing -LRB- SpongeBob 's mentally challenged friend Patrick Star flies into a ceremony naked with a flag in his butt -RRB- . The only good part is when SpongeBob and Patrick get drunk off ice cream . You know what would 've been the perfect ending ? Them getting arrested for underage drinking.Hey , I 'd laugh .
 NOTE FOR PARENTS
 Very bad condition did n't work even one time because was all screchet up all ower , the box was so dirty i had to put in garbage imediatly . I dont recomand anyone to buy .
 What the f**k is this ? The TV show was funnier than this garbage ! People who does n't have seen this movie , DO N'T SEE IT ! It 's a yasste of time and money !
 -LRB- ... -RRB- ! Where was Sandy and Gary ?! I watch this ocassionly and hate it ! Sponge and Patrick go on an adventure to save the world ! Already done ! Two best friends on a journey to save the world ! Best Part was when ... wait no best part!Worst Part
 WHERE IS GARY ? I WANT GARY !!! I WANT GARY !!! I WANT GARY !!! Gary the Snail is the best character in the cartoon . He meows , grooooowls , meows - & - growls at the same time , and can say '' No '' . He plays the violin , wears a two-tone pair of Italian brogues , and reads the paper . He is a towering intellect and is granted ZEROOO role in this so-called movie ! This omission has angered Gary fanatics all over the world ! Any SBSP movie without Gary is sacrilege ! WHERE IS GARY ? I WANT GARY !!! I WANT GARY !!! I WANT GARY !!! WHERE IS GARY ? I WANT GARY !!! I WANT GARY !!! I WANT GARY !!! WHERE IS GARY ? I WANT GARY !!! I WANT GARY !!! I WANT GARY !!!
 The Nickelodeon money machine has struck again . By taking Spongebob off TV and making him a movie , Nickelodeon has done a disservice to those of us who have enjoyed Spongebob over the years . This movie is ridiculous . A story that would normally be given 11 minutes has been stretched into well over an hour of boredom . None of the characters were further fleshed out and the jokes were few and far between.Plankton has stolen Neptune 's crown and pinned it on Mr. Krabbs . It 's Spongebob and Patrick to the rescue . You would think some of the peripheral characters , like Sandy and Squidward would get more screen time , but no . Just dull . The worst episode is better than this movie . Nick was just trying to get the Spongebob name on a marquee so they could cash in .
 Our family just viewed this movie a few minutes ago , it was so bad that we instantly had to tell everyone else how bad it was . We are warning you and saving you twenty dollars.From the beginning this movie took every little joke too far . There would be something funny , but then they would keep going untill the joke was dead.Also there was a great deal of violence which I find that no child could find humourous . The impressions on the character 's faces were very scary and disturbing at times . Like when the time Patrick 's face was melting.Also the amount of them talking about executing Mr. Krabs and other people . The idea of enslaving the entire world with buckets and Plankton 's crazed laugh really made it into a horror film.There was a lot of crude humor and images , such as Patrick dressed up in fishnet stockings.In conclusion they made this movie loud and scary , to hide the fact that it was n't funny.Do yourselves a favor , if you are a real spongebob fan , do n't view this movie . It is NOTHING like the TV series , you will regret watching it .
 Well , we saw this garbage on opening day . I took my 5-year-old who loves the Spongebob cartoon . It seemed like it was nearly completely devoid of humor . Do n't understand how most of the `` reviewers '' on this site reviewed the film BEFORE they 've seen it . As a Spongebob fan , I 'm very disappointed . This is one I wo n't be buying when it goes to video . Flat plot , drawn-out story and it seemed like it would never end . Even the truly funny bits -LRB- I counted about 4 -RRB- did n't make up for the boredom we suffered . Save your $ !
 I am a Spongebob fan , but this movie was SO corny and drawn out . There were exactly 2 or 3 funny parts . This should 've been either a made for TV movie or gone straight to video and DVD .
 I 'm an adult and a member of the `` Spongebob Underground ''
 It was the most exciting movie ever but Mr.Krabs was barly in the movie and sandy or squidward wer n't ethier .
 This is a dreadful movie . Anybody who tells you that it resembles the show obviously has n't seen one of them . The plot is like something you would find in a kid 's story book , the graphics are from the Ren & Stimpy school of animation , and the characters do n't sound the same even though they were done by the same people . This is surely enough to include SPONGEBOB on anyone 's list of the worst 100 films of all time . Guess that means I need to see SANTA AND THE ICE CREAM BUNNY to see if in fact anything worse for kids was ever put to celluloid .
 I gave this movie a 5 out of 5 cause the movie itself is awesome . Absolutely just amazing ... BUTI had to give the special features a 1 out of 5 casue they suck.Thats just the only way to describ them . There NOTHING of intrest really . Just some intreviews with people about the movie , some other crap about underwater life and stuff . ABSOLUTELY NO SPECIAL FEATURES about spongebob , NO SPECIAL FEATURES for Kids . They would HATE these lame excuses for special features ... . nothing interesting or fun at all.Boo to everyone who had imput on this DVD for the spcial features , they really droped the bomb on it !!!!
 I do n't know what i 'm doing rating a spong bob movie . let me say it was a complete disappointment , and boring . but then i remember this is exactly what its supposed to be , a kids cartoon . not an anime for late night airing . buy it for the kids , if your an adult fan , then skip buying , and renting . we realy do n't need to watch sponge bob `` grow up . ''
 Maybe two stars is too low , I kind of averaged out what my three year old thought of it and what I thought of it.I took my above forementioned three year old , actually she 's three and a half and quite ahead of her years , but that 's going off the subject so never mind , I took her and her nine year old cousin to the theater to see this , and they both liked it.Now my daughter likes movies , perhaps more than most her age , and her tastes range from the standard Disney classics to Spider Man to some of the LOTR -LRB- I wo n't let her watch the really scary parts -RRB- and even some odd ball stuff like the battle sequence in the Incredible Flop , I mean Hulk , movie . Anyway , back to the subject at hand , I do n't have television at my house , I think it 's a tool of satan , personally , but my ex likes cable so my child was , at some point in time , exposed to Sponge Bob.When I first found out , I sort of cringed , I mean , I figured there had to be something mentally wrong with someone that would create a cartoon character out of a sponge , but , who am I to say what peoples tastes are ? So my kid likes this Sponge Bob dude , okay , worse things could happen.I 'd never really watched the cartoon before going to see this flick , except for a few minutes here and there , so I was hoping maybe I 'd figure out the draw . I did n't really , except to maybe theorize that the extremely loud and obnoxious dialogue and the extremely loud and obnoxious drawing style of the cartoons is such a stimulus to kids that they just ca n't help themselves.In one scene in this flick , the character Patrick is dancing around in fish net stockings . He is supposed to be a kid , or at least , just a young man , so I guess the humor here is supposed to be aimed at adults , but for me , I just found it stupid.The movie Team America was truly funny and filled with adult humor , it was n't aimed at kids , it was rated R , etc. . This flick entertains kids because they do n't care what 's going on , do n't care what the stupid jokes are and just get so engaged in the loudness of it all they eat it up like candy , okay , but I did n't care for it at all , but , on the other hand , I had a nice evening out with two beautiful young ladies and , that , in itself , is priceless , so heck , just because I thought it was dumb movie does n't mean I 'm not recommending it , I 'm just saying , you 'd better be going for someone else 's pleasure , unless you like really stupid humor .
 Alright we get it SpongeBob 's on pot , we do n't a fricken ' 90 minute film about it , jeeze .
 This was stupid it was dumb and it stunk and the worst partwas the end . Why did thay let spongebobdie from the diver ? Il give you the pan down it was 8 o clockmy dad had got back from work and he had rent the spongebob movie my twin my brother and my sister and i just could hardly wait so we fierd up the tv and i wish i hadenttake my good advice dont even wach this .
 i see dis movie in dis theter it blew chunks spongbob an his friends are gay
 WHY , WHY , WHY does it always have to be the shows I hate so much to take the world by storm ?! Rocko 's Modern Life is a LOT better than Spongebob ! I ca n't believe that they even LIED about Rocko making an appearance in this movie ! For all you Spongebob fans
 Um I think this movie was pathetic . i like sponge bob but come on now spongebob gets drunk and then they have way to much violence in this movie goin our havin a hit man goin after sponge bob and patrick oh my gosh what is this world coming to taking a kids cartoon and puttin so much violence into it .
 This is just pethetic ! I do n't get the point of watching the movie . There was abot hmm ... 2 . .3 funny parts that do n't EVEN GO WITH THE MOVIE ! Even my dad fell asleep in the movie . I should ` nt even tell you the stroy . It 's so STUPID ! DO N'T BUY THIS MOVIE WHEN IT COMES OUT ! IF you buy , I hope you enjoy being bored .
 Yes yes , I know your thinking `` EVERYBODY LOVES SPONGEBOB ! `` And I do admit that it is funny and cute . But It is quite annoying . The show was fine . But a MOVIE ?!? I would rather watch a 24/7 marathon of Telatubies ! The only person in SpongeBob Squarepants that is even remotely funny is Patrick Star!And like every other movie based off of a show , when you return to the show , THEY ACT LIKE IT NEVER HAPPENED ! Not to mention a lot of people are mad a Nick for canceling Invader Zim ! So if you want to save yourself from brain damage , I recomend not seeing this movie.Trust me , that would be a wise choice .
 I LOVE this show . This review is for quality of the DVD , not content . I bought this for my mom . She is enjoying the shows , but some of the epidodes are either missing or mislabeled on the disc . The one listed as Episode 7 is a repeat of Episode 6 . The one listed as Episode 9 is actually Episode 7 . So Episode 9 is missing , unless it shows up as another episode later in the disc , which they have n't finished watching . But presumably at least one episode is missing completely , since Episode 6 was on it twice .
 I really wanted to like this show because Lauren Graham was in it . I own everything that she has been in like all 7 seasons of Gilmore Girls , Bad Santa , Evan Almighty , Sweet November , Chasing Destiny ... , but I will not be purchasing Parenthood.I 'm sorry , I do n't get it at all . This show is just like watching yourself on T.V. Just boing old stuff you and I would do at home and the stuff you would deal with on a regular basis . Oh , no , who 's going to pick up the kid , -LRB- Peter Krause -RRB- I have to work late . How exciting ?!!! Oh , let 's decide where we 're going to dinner tonight -LRB- Peter Krause -RRB- . Oh , look where am I going to do my laundry . Two character 's -LRB- Dax Shepard and his character 's brother in law -RRB- & washing machine was broken on the episode that I watched . Baby sitter cancels at the last minute . Oh , no , who -LRB- Peter Krause -RRB- are we going to call ? That 's the stuff I saw and it was a total snoozer !! The only reason that I am giving this 3 stars is because I like to see Lauren Graham back on television . She was awesome on Gilmore Girls , and I hope they 'll do a reunion show . It 's too bad that Parenthood is so boring . Also , the camera movement was making me dizzy . This is my review of the episode called Date Night from Season 2 . I picked this episode because the daughter of Luke from Gilmore Girl 's was going to be on this show and I was wondering if the ugly duckling turned into a swan or stayed a ugly duckling . She looks a little better , but her voice is still as annoying .
 This is not one of those fun 50 Movie Pack Sets that are part public domain treasures/part OK to good older films and hidden treasures/part bottom of the barrel . Even in the bottom of the barrel material , though , you can usually find some stuff that is so bad that it is good . Unlike the Mill Creek 50 Movie Packs , the films in this package have all been produced since 1990 , and more than half of them have been made in the last four years with more than a few films produced in 2006 . That 's record time for material to be shuffled off to a cheap public domain movie pack , and for good reason . Some of the films in this pack have some interesting psychological angles , but the majority of them are just poorly acted bloodbaths , or in many cases they are just plain boring . I would list the films with their stars , but I ca n't find one of them with an actor or actress or a director I have ever even heard of . My advice is , this year for Halloween , stick with the 50 Movie Horror and Sci-Fi packs from Mill Creek . There 's certainly some junk in them , but there is also plenty of good campy fun and some films that are pretty good for their genre that just slipped into the public domain for no good reason other than just the passing of time or the bankruptcy of the studio that made them . I 'm not saying there is nothing of any value here . I 'm just saying that you can do better for your money . The following is a list of the included films and their years of production : FILM/RATING OUT OF 10/YEAR MADE1 . Abberdine County Conjuror / 2.7 / 20062 . Barely Legal Vampires / 2.3 / 20063 . Blood Legend / 3.3 / 20064 . Capture the Flag / 3.0 / 20035 . The Crucifier / 2.2 / 20056 . The Cutting Room / 4.0 / 20067 . Death From Beyond / 2.7 / 20068 . Demon Sex / 3.0 / 20059 . Devil 's Moon / 2.8 / 200410 . Disk Jockey / ???? 11 . Flesh Eating Ghouls From Outer Space / ???? 12 . From Venus / 5.6 / 200513 . Gorno / ???? 14 . Granny / 3.9 / 199915 . Human Behavior / ???? 16 . Inexchange / 4.2 / 200617 . Kill the Scream Queen / 1.9 / 200418 . Kill Them and Eat Them / 4.2 / 200319 . Lifeblood / 2.7 / 200620 . The Lunar Pack / 2.8 / 200421 . Massacre / 4.0 / 198922 . The Night Owl / 5.9 / 199323 . Nightmare Museum / ???? 24 . None Left Standing / ??? 25 . Parasite / 2.6 / 200426 . Purvos / 3.5 / 200627 . A Circle / 2.3 / 200628 . Reanimator Academy / 3.3 / 199229 . County Fever / ???? 30 . Revenge of La Llorona / 3.1 / 200631 . Rose of Death / ??? 32 . Season in Hell / ???? 33 . ShadowHunters/4 .5 / 200434 . Shower of Blood / 3.0 / 200435 . Siege of Evil / ???? 36 . Skyggen / 6.1 / 199837 . The Slasher / ???? 38 . Sleep Disorder / ???? 39 . So Mort it Be / 3.0 / 200440 . The Somnambulists / 4.1 / 199841 . Sorority Babes in the Dance-A-Thon of Death / 2.1 / 199142 . Soul of the Demon / 3.1 / 199143 . Strange Things Happen At Sundown / 3.3 / 200344 . Terror At Baxter U / 2.0 / 200345 . Three Can Keep A Secret / ??? 46 . To Become One / 3.1 / 200247 . The Traveler / 4.1 / 200648 . Unborn Sins / ??? / 200749 . The Vulture 's Eye / 3.0 / 200450 . The Woodland Haunting 2 / 2.8 / 2006
 All of these movies look like they were shot with a VHS camcorder in a garage with people who have never acted a day in their lives . Sure , I do n't THINK I could make a better movie ; but if I made a movie like one of those included in this set , I would rather make no movie at all .
 These movies are n't even campy , much less scary . The acting is not on par with the standard high school play ; yes , it 's really that bad . No entertainment value whatsoever . You will get more out of your twenty bucks by using it for toilet paper than you will from buying this dreck .
 So the subject is far fringe . . get that . I even get the whole Harry Potter wizard rock thing . What I do n't get is fifteen minutes of footage of trees ...
 Only vaguely reminiscent of the humor and zip of the original series.Almost everything outside of Rocky and Bullwinkle in this movie comes off poorly , and the squirrel and moose only have a few good lines themselves even . A clinker and poorly realized . Treasure the original cartoon series by Jay Ward . Long live Frostbite Falls !
 The high point of the film is when Robert DeNiro , as Fearless Leader , confronts Boris -LRB- Jason Alexander -RRB- over the news the `` Moose and Squirrel '' have escaped again.DeNiro adjusts his monacle , and asks : `` Are you talking to me ? Are you talking to ME ? You MUST be talking to me , because no one else is here ! `` Of course , if you 've never seen ` Taxi Driver ' it 's not funny.Since I have , I fell off the couch ...
 Oh how disappointing !!!!! Rocky and Bullwinkle should have been a natural for those of us who grew up with the cartoon . The simple , yet endearing , themes of the cartoons could have been produced via the marvels of modern computer animation into a funfest for both kids and adults . Sadly , this attempt missed every single mark.The story line had promise , but it was left unfulfilled . The implementation appeared to be clearly aimed at 4 year olds , except the adult themes and gimicks would n't have been understood . The characters were petty , lacking in charm , and poorly acted . How , in the name of heaven , did they miss the opportunity to cast Danny DeVito as Boris ???? Would have been a natural . The female lead came across as selfish and inept -LRB- but not in a funny way -RRB- . It 's hard to imagine how they could have made such a stinker out of such a beloved cartoon .
 That may not be an actual proverb , but it sums up what was wrong with this production . While Jay Ward 's classic -LRB- surprisingly one season only -RRB- show is remembered for its innovative blending of the political and the satirical in the guise of a cartoon , this film will simply be remembered as the one that Robert De Niro SHOULD N'T have made.Thankfully , June Foray , the original voice of both `` Rocky '' and `` Natasha '' , is on hand . That is more a tribute to her talent than it is the worth of the film . Jason Alexander is No Paul Frees -LRB- `` Boris '' in the series -RRB- . Keith Scott is quite good as `` Bullwinkle '' -LRB- initially done by Bill Scott -RRB- but his turn as the `` narrator '' falls short . William Conrad -LRB- AKA radio 's `` Matt Dillon '' and television 's `` Cannon -RRB- provided the original 's `` bite . `` All in all , it may have looked good on paper ...
 This move made Dudley Do-right look like the Piture of the year . I could not believe that Robert DeNiro even was in this movie . This was a movie of has been who even sunk to their lowest by being in it .
 I for one thought that this movie was one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . One of the most tragic injustices to a classic cartoon series , the plot is so poorly planned out I wonder why they even bother to make this movie . Sure there is some cuteness to the movie but everything else about it is ridiculous . Even the humor that is spotty here & there is n't enough to save this rubbish.I hardly remember anything from this movie anymore and this is coming from someone who can remember almost every line of several all-time favorites like Robin Hood -LRB- Disney version -RRB- & Great Mouse Detective . That 's generally how misconcieved the plot of this movie is . Forgettable . All this movie is is just a hodgepodge mess.There is n't much of anything that this movie offers . Little humor , just plain boredom is what results in wasting 90 minutes watching this movie . The crooks are ridiculously acted and unintelligently portrayed in the movie especially the woman crook . I barely managed to stay in the theatre during the whole time as I was getting ready to head out the door.There are far , FAR superior adaptations of cartoons such as The X-Men & Spider-Man . These two are a million times better than this . By far one of the worst movies I 've seen in the past few years . > : -LRB-
 They can add a million `` Extras '' to this production , and it still is a useless pile of moose poop ! -LRB- Besides , we buy films for the film itself , do n't we ? Not the fluff . -RRB- When I first heard `` Rocky & Bullwinkle '' were getting the big screen treatment , I was very excited , I was a big fan of the original as a child . I figured at the very least a brilliant `` Roger Rabbit '' type of film , mixing live action with animation . And when I heard about the cast of villians , Rene Russo , Jason Alexander , and Robert De Niro ... how could it fail ?? Well ... here 's how ... The film starts off promising , with Rocky and Bullwinkle ably voiced by Keith Scott , and of course the brilliant June Foray , complete with a wise cracking narrator!The film falls apart the minute the writers decided this was going to be a film dumbed down for kids . Did they ever `` get '' the original television show ?? Rocky and Bullwinkle was never written as `` just another kids show '' . The writers , big kids themselves , knew that their show was for adults , disguised as a kiddie program . Kids could enjoy , and adults would get the witty `` in jokes '' . Watching the shows as a child and an adult , I learned this.So ... when Piper Perabo suddenly appears as a teenager in the CIA , claiming `` Rocky & Bullwinkle ! I remember them ! '' . Most viewers wo n't buy it for a minute.I have nieces older than her , who have no clue who Rocky and Bullwinkle are . So from that point on , you know you 're in for a bumpy ride!Rene Russo is a very sexy Natasha Fatale , Jason Alexander a perfect Boris Badenov ... but the high point is Robert De Niro as Fearless Leader ! A wonderful , over the top , self parody , that makes you wish the film was only about him ! The villians are perfectly cast ! And they start out very funny , until the dialogue runs out.Randy Quiad ... definitely belongs in this picture , as does Jonathan Winters , except due to a bad script , they are wasted.Then there is the animation ... it 's fine until our heroes enter the `` real world '' . You 'd think , some ten years later , the effect would be even more eye popping than `` Roger Rabbit '' ... when in reality , it 's about two steps backward.I am all for childrens films . `` Inspector Gadget '' is a good example of a childrens show made into a childrens film . BUT , Rocky and Bullwinkle are from the `` baby boomer '' era ... so why dumb it down to a childrens film , when there are no children awaiting it ? Asking Hollywood to think is dangerous , I know.This film took over three years to get released . -LRB- Enough time for Piper Perabo to go from goofy teenager , to teen temptress in `` Coyote ugly '' -RRB- . Even that much editing time , did n't help.As Boris Badenov would say , `` Hoo Boy ... back to drawink board ! ''
 A movie based on Rocky & Bullwinkle could have been a really funny movie and still have been kid safe , but this was not the case . Mostly because it was n't funny , but also because there were too many slow moments and just too many things that did not need be in the movie -LRB- do we really need to be told what a fax and e-mail are ? -RRB- . There were a few funny moments in the movie , most of which was acknowledging that a previous joke was bad , but the movie lack too much of the cleverness of the orignal series . Also the animated sequences are a poor attempt at recreating the TV shows animation style . The only thing that I like that really stode out was the Dudley Do-Rightish type name of Piper Perabo 's character .
 I do n't this is even a good film because 30 minutes into the film I was bored to death I 'd rather watch a Pokemon movie than this movie and why I trew the copy I recorded away forever .
 This is maybe the worst movie since `` the Invasion of the Killer Tomatoes . '' It is boring and lacks any creativity . `` The Killer Tomatoes '' was much more creative and interesting.I enjoyed the original Rocky & Bullwinkle cartoons . Unfortunately , the transformation from animation to real human and animal characters does not work in this movie . The characters are real goofy and boring and simply awful . This movie does not do justice to the original cartoons . I do not see anything of what others describe as `` whimsical , funny -- at times hysterical . '' This is simply not true . I suggest that you save your money and buy a different movie .
 This movie is definitely meant to capitalize on Baby Boomer memories rather than to entertain children . Like bad Karaoke , it seems familiar , but fails miserably . Well known baby boomer aged actors obviously wanted to be part of a 1960s phenomenon -- I wonder if they took their kids and grandkids to see this disappointment . The puns are there such as Crimia River , a joke sure to be lost on today 's 10-year-old . The puns are n't enough for this baby boomer to find any redeeming value in the script . The cultural references are there such as DeNiro repeating `` you talkin ' to me '' -- that scene actually was painful for me to watch . Some scenes were such a stretch that they fell horribly flat , for example , Rocky asking what today 's students protest -- I wanted someone to answer `` this feeble movie . '' I hung in there until the credits simulated the falling placards of the tv show . Do yourself a favor , spend your 90 minutes chatting with someone who has seen the original episodes , it will be a much better use of your time .
 The script for this movie is awful . It offers no kind of clever storyline or word-play written by the original writers in the 50 's and 60 's . The movie lacks the luster and imaginative word-play reflecting on events of its time . It is an absolute bore and has little redeeming value if any at all . Why anyone allowed this movie to be made and released , is beyond my imagination . Yes , the animated special effects are well done but special effects alone are no reason to make this movie.Prior to viewing this movie , I had told my eight year old , how wonderful and funny the original Rocky & Bulwinkle cartoons were when I was a child . However , my child saw no humor or wit in this poor attempt of a movie . The animated characters transformed to real life by Russo , Alexander , and De Niro are so obviously working with a bad script and direction that their portrayals of Boris and Natasha -LRB- Jason Alexander and Rene Russo -RRB- , along with Fearless Leader -LRB- Robert De Niro -RRB- , lack originality , humor and wit . This movie has to be among the worst films ever made . Rating this movie one star is too generous.Save your money and watch the original 60 's tv version . It is alot more interesting and funny .
 This would have to be one of the worst films ever made in Hollywood history . All the actors must have been hard up for money to even think about reading the bad script . Thumbs down to this garbage . I could only watch about 20 minutes of this film and took it straight back to my video dealer and got my money back ... Do n't even think about hiring or buying this one !!!
 This movie was downright PAINFUL to sit through . I actually fell asleep -LRB- in the theater , mind you -RRB- somewhere past the middle , and that NEVER happens when I am watching a movie ! I can enjoy pun oriented humor with the best of them , but this movie was riddled with really , really bad puns . The overly simple plot could have -LRB- should have -RRB- been compressed to under an hour . It 's a shame , because the majority of the cast was top-notch talent ; they just were n't given much to work with . From the kids perspective , my nine year old daughter did n't like it either .
 You would think something which was based on this classic , zany cartoon just couldnt miss but somehow the creators were off by a cartoon mile . The script is horrible ... and there isnt a single funny gag in this thankfully short -LRB- 82 minute -RRB- movie . The effects are good if not eye popping but thankfully the strength of the original franchise will withstand this forgettable and misdirected assault .
 Great 60 's cartoon , piss poor movie . How they got DeNero I do n't know .
 Robert DeNiro is slighly amusing and the voice of Bullwinkle in this film is by the guy who recently wrote and excellent bio of Jay Ward -LRB- and Alex Anderson , the true inventor of Bullwinkle -RRB- and his wonderful cartoons . However , the plot involves making people watch bad television . I wonder if they should add bad movies too . There is really no need to bother with this film if you 're a fan of the original cartoons . As Spanky Mc Farland -LRB- of Little Rascals/Our Gang fame -RRB- said upon the release of the 1990s Little rascals remake , `` Why bother ? We got it right the first time ! ''
 I think the animators spent so much time bringing Rocky and Bullwinkle to life in 3D , that they forgot to write anything remotely ressembling a script . Despite a great cast of DeNiro , Alexander , and Russo plus a fairly decent plot , this film fails on almost every level . While the actors try their best to deliver awful lines , most scenes are ruined by the poor blonde protagonist who does not belong in the movie at all . I would go so far as to say that it was n't her fault ; it was a bad character . They should have stopped attempting to build a moral and backstory into the movie and focused more on the comedy . The amazing jokes of the original series have all but disappeared in the transition.It is easy to see why this was a huge flop at the theatres . Kids today barely know the great moose and squirrel so the director wasted too much time explaining to the younger generation , thus ruining the flow . Parents , on the other hand , will be continually annoyed by the randomly inserted FBI agent who has no place in the film .
 The TV show was fast , sharp , and funny , but the movie is slow , dull , and pointless . Fans may have a hard time reconciling the original cartoon characters with these pale carbons
 Unlike the source material , which was fun , breezy and sharp , this movie is uninteresting , leaden and dull . I can not fault the performers , who were definitely in character and tried to rise above the material . The one exception is Piper Perabo , who is completely unable to act whatsoever . She ca n't act , she 's not attractive , and she has no comedic timing , so what she 's doing in the film is unclear at best.The script is chock full of exposition . Loads of exposition . I wonder if the studio was so concerned that no one would know who Rocky and Bullwinkle were that they tacked on the beginning newsreel-esque footing to explain . That footage is terrible . And it 's on top of the deadening , endless exposition that follows . Come on , it 's moose and squirrel ! If the viewers do n't know who they are at first , they can figure it out in context.The film continues ever so slowly , with no discernible plot -LRB- not always a bad thing in comedies -RRB- and with very few genuinely funny moments . The direction hurts , and is suited much more to drama than to comedy . In the special features section of the DVD , it is brought up more than once that it took years to get this project moving , and that the script had been in development for most of that time . It 's hard to believe that with 8 + years to work they could n't do any better than this.Avoid .
 The only good thing I can say is I did not fall asleep while watching it . Poorly acted and directed with the question ` are the old cartoon worth changing into movies ? ' If this answer is movies with little to not plot and extremely poor taste here you have them .
 Near the start of the film , when Jimmy is walking the white picket fence , the top and bottom of the lamppost are missing . They were always there before . When he runs through the gate at school , the roof of the building is cut off as is much of the foreground . It 's this way throughout the entire film . There should be a warning on this that it has been modified to remove much of the original image . It 's really a shame to dishonor such a terrific movie this way .
 I AM CONSTANTLY BUYING WORKOUT DVDS . EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE , I BUY ONE IN WHICH I AM DISAPPOINTED , BUT USUALLY I AM STILL ABLE TO DO IT TO SOME DEGREE . THIS ONE IS TERRIBLE . SHE IS ALMOST NEVER IN TIME WITH THE MUSIC , WHICH IS CRUCIAL TO DANCING . ALSO , HER COUNTING IS RIDICULOUS . SHE IS ALL OVER THE PLACE & HAS NO RHYTHM BY WHICH TO INSTRUCT . I WILL NEVER DO THIS !!! I AM A DANCER & I AM TELLING ANYONE WHO IS LOOKING FOR DANCE TO FOREGO THIS ONE . JUST AWFUL !!!
 Boring and the Girl Dj in the back was n't really playing records . . Just seem the setup was fake . . Dance moves was n't that great !
 I was expecting real aerobics . I did n't even sweat . I was really disappointed . Use it if you want to exercise without sweating .
 Really not much of a workout at all . Very slow paced and very little aerobic stamina or strength required . Glad I only rented it .
 Are you kidding me ? This movie is pathetic . I wish i could give it less than one star , but amazon is being generous . I 've tried to watch this movie 3 times , never getting through the movie , always turning it off in disgust .
 I think this movie depicts how the media blows many incidents way out of proportion . In fact , they will desperately go to great lengths and alter what people said in order to present a more catchy , dramatic news headline . John Travolta portrays a man who lost his job a museum . All he wants is his job back . He brings in a gun to be used as threat but accidently fires it and kills a security guard . He realizes that his whole life is ruined . Meanwhile a reporter tries to portray Travolta as a working class man who was simply trying to provide for his family . He shuold serve some time but then should be granted a second chance . Basically he was trying to portray that not every criminal is evil at hurt . However , the media quickly revamped his story and turned it into a sick twisted , racist pig who is holding kids hostage.As far as the movie goes , it is rather long and boring . Most of it is slow and dragged out over the 2 hour mark . This movie could have been made into an hour and a half . It starts and ends well but the middle became a bit confusing and can be very disinteresting for the viewer to follow .
 Lord knows the media is a worthy target for social commentary . However , it is also an easy one , and has been often targeted in the past . Thus the central problem with `` Mad City , '' Costa-Gavras ' updating of Billy Wilder 's `` Ace in the Hole . '' The film spends nearly two hours denouncing the media -- namely print and television news -- for a variety of social ills , for not all of which it can so easily be blamed . And those things it can be blamed for , we kind of already knew.Nonetheless , an excellent cast works hard to bring off this story of reporter Max Brackett -LRB- Dustin Hoffman -RRB- , who ` lucks into ' an exclusive when a disgruntled , laid-off security guard -LRB- John Travolta -RRB- takes his former employer and a group of kids hostage in a museum while Brackett just happens to be in the bathroom . Travolta is to be commended for taking on a part that is not particularly sympathetic , in the form of a character that is not very bright . He and Hoffman carry the film as far as it can go , but by the end you are likely to feel that you 're being hit over the head with the simplistic central message , such that the tragic coda loses impact . It 's not a bad film , and with these talents it ca n't help but have its moments , but overall it 's a bit of a missed shot .
 I feel gypped ! I bought this CD for the final prisoner song which played during the credits . Surprise -- no such song . What happened ? When I pay for an original motion picture soundtrack , that 's what I expect to get ; not an abbreviated version of the score . Please gim me my money back .
 ... because the first two times I watched it , I fell asleep . -LRB- I rarely do this during movies . -RRB- Travolta is way out of his league with his role as a nave security guard . He gives off such a `` Look at me ! I 'm ACTING ! '' vibe , it 's impossible to maintain suspension of disbelief . The movie progresses at a snail 's pace . Alan Alda as usual convincingly plays a jerk . If you want to see an out-of-control media really fouling things up , check out `` Tomorrow Never Dies . ''
 I deceided to rent this movie after reading all the good reviews , and seeing that Ian Somerhalder was in it . But , I was thouroughly disappointed after watching it . It brings nothing new to be seen and is even quite tame in most respects ... Boring movie . Also , I 've never found myself actually rooting against the main character ... He was so annoying and whiney in that clueless sort of way through the entire movie , I just wanted him to fail ... Fail miserably .
 If you really do n't care if a movie makes any sense , and you prefer graphic violence to good acting ... then this may be the DVD for you !!! Otherwise it is a complete piece of trash.Opening scene
 One good thing about this movie is that it helped me find religion . It was so bad that I actually wrote a prayer
 `` Point Blank '' is the most offensively stupid movie out there . It boggles the mind knowing that when the makers put this movie together , they were actually being serious about their work.The action sequences , the dialogue , and the overall plot of the movie is so shamelessly horrible , further words about it could n't describe it.The scriptwriter put the Marine Corps in way too many characters ' background , probably just because he thought it would make the movie cooler . Pathetic.You ca n't really blame the director or actors because they can only work with what was written in the first place . Still , they should be ashamed for even having their names associated with this film.The only reason you should buy this movie is so you can BURN IT WITHOUT EVEN OPENING THE CASE !
 This movie has a somewhat good cast but a very bad plot . Full of shootups and bangups but a senseless story line . The acting is terrible and Rourke has a limited speaking part . This movie became boring after 5 minutes -- so predictable and I found myself advancing chapters to get thru the movie . Take my advice -- avoid this movie . Not worth the cost of rental -- use like the other reviewer said -- as firewood -- one of the worst movies i ever saw -- and I have seen plenty !!!!
 There were some 5 star reviews written about this fiasco of a movie . After watching it for myself , I can tell you that the 1 star reviews are by far the most accurate . The action scenes are horribly choreographed . The dialogue in the script was stolen form other better movies and re-assembled by a hack . The acting was wooden . The actor playing Wallace , who has played this role multiple times in other films , was the only actor who held up his end . Mickey Rourke is terrible and un-watchable . It is really not worth watching . Please spare yourself the agony . All copies of this movies should be burned so others do no make the mistake I did . The only satisfying point is that I did not pay to see it , please remove this film from Prime .
 I Bought every season of 24 and will buy season 7 tomorrow -LRB- opening day -RRB- . As I fan I was geeked at the coming of this movie . I was soooo disappointed . It did n't have that 24 feel or pace . Slow moving , plodding , lack of action . Jack against terrorist ? No . Save the world ? No . Nukes ? No . CTU ? No . Action ? No . Slow , plodding , boring ??? Yes , yes , and yes . On a 1-10 I give each season between 7 to 9 . I would give this movie a 2 on a 1-10 . Also , totally NOT necessary to transistion the last seasons . Can I get my $ 24 dollars back ? Still love 24 , but redemption has no redeeming value . Peace .
 This film does not have english closed caption , only spanish , which was a big disappointment since my husband needsclosed caption to understand because he is deaf , so we did n't watch this movie . However , the gentlemen that I bought it from was most wonderful as he allowed me to open it , check it out for english subtitles and when it did n't have them , I returned the moviue to him and he refunded me my money along with all shipping costs back and forth .
 This product is falsely represented as having English and French subtitles . That was the only reason I bought it . SORELY DISAPPOINTED
 24
 24 Redemption only redeems lost profits for the production company . The positive reviews of this movie must surely have been written by paid informants . No fan of 24 could possibly like this movie . Save your money for Season 7 .
 rent seasons 1-4 . they are the best but after that it all went down hill . it is also to note in this redemption jack once again fights a helichopter . WTF > its liike the billionth one to come accross his path . the acton sets with jack were well done but like most years too sparce and in between , and all those new characters seem remnisent of the circus that was season five .
 To me , one of the real strengths of the TV series `` 24 '' has been the show 's ability to weave romantic relationships into the complex plots , intense scenarios , and `` oh-my-gosh ! '' cliffhangers . Sure , fans love to see Jack Bauer get all intense and save the day , but when it comes right down to it , the Jack/Audrey , Tony/Michelle , Chloe/Edgar , and Karen/Bill -LRB- including others -RRB- relationships are really what drive forward the drama of any given season.This TV-movie , produced because of the TV Writers strike of 2007-2008 , contains all the key elements -LRB- intensity , interesting plot , etc. -RRB- of `` 24 '' 's past seasons minus that one crucial element
 I 've seen every season of `` 24 '' and was delighted to see there was more to the saga I had missed and got to feel the rush of new `` 24 '' again ... but this does n't have the same feel as the show.I felt it was a watered down version of the show . Predictable , boring , no real great action or suspense.I could n't believe it ... I had my girlfriend watch it with me and it was her first time seeing the show and now she has no interest in seeing more.The series is rewatchable , this is not . If you can save your time but if you 're like me you 'll just have to see for yourself .
 Let me start by saying that I love `` 24 . '' I love each season for its own particular strengths . I even loved Season 6 , with all of its flaws . But as for `` 24
 I do n't understand why there were 2 discs # 1 in both movies I ordered . I thought it was a mistake , but both movies had 2 duplicate discs . Did anyone else notice this ?
 Just did not like this episode of the 24 . I have many more episodes of the years and this 1 episode just had nothing to it .
 What a rip off.This movie sucked and it cost $ 8 I could have had a real movie for that much .
 To me , one of the real strengths of the TV series `` 24 '' has been the show 's ability to weave romantic relationships into the complex plots , intense scenarios , and `` oh-my-gosh ! '' cliffhangers . Sure , fans love to see Jack Bauer get all intense and save the day , but when it comes right down to it , the Jack/Audrey , Tony/Michelle , Chloe/Edgar , and Karen/Bill -LRB- including others -RRB- relationships are really what drive forward the drama of any given season.This TV-movie , produced because of the TV Writers strike of 2007-2008 , contains all the key elements -LRB- intensity , interesting plot , etc. -RRB- of `` 24 '' 's past seasons minus that one crucial element
 24 Redemption provides an intro to the 7th season , taking place between 3 p.m. and 5 p.m. in Africa . It provides an introduction to some of the key players in the upcoming season , and adds a little context to what will take place there . It 's also a chance to see Jack Bauer outside his normal element -LRB- i.e. not facing imminent death every second -RRB- . Beyond that , however , it adds little . Do n't run out and buy this thinking you 'll be lost without it or missing a key ingredient for season 7 . This movie-length episode lacks the energy and intensity usually found in 24 . You also wo n't see any of the supporting cast you are used to . This is strictly for diehard fans who have to have all things Jack Bauer . Everyone else will be at least mildly disappointed .
 To me , one of the real strengths of the TV series `` 24 '' has been the show 's ability to weave romantic relationships into the complex plots , intense scenarios , and `` oh-my-gosh ! '' cliffhangers . Sure , fans love to see Jack Bauer get all intense and save the day , but when it comes right down to it , the Jack/Audrey , Tony/Michelle , Chloe/Edgar , and Karen/Bill -LRB- including others -RRB- relationships are really what drive forward the drama of any given season.This TV-movie , produced because of the TV Writers strike of 2007-2008 , contains all the key elements -LRB- intensity , interesting plot , etc. -RRB- of `` 24 '' 's past seasons minus that one crucial element
 This is a special effects movie from 1989 . Considering its age , the special effects hold up very well . However that can not be said about the plot of this movie . There first half of the movie starts slowly and it attempts to build supsense until the monster arives . Unfortunately the monster itself is so preposterous that its arrival only brings a major let down in the plot . The extended chase sequence is straight out of ` Alien ' but holds none of the emotional tension that ` Alien ' succeeds in providing.This is a movie that tried to replicate the success of ` Alien ' . It is really just ` Alien ' placed underwater with none of its suspense .
 Horrible . Predictable . Everything predictable -- even the part where you never get to see the monster , and even when you do `` see '' the monster in the end , you 're not really looking at anything but a random conglomeration of bogus latex . And I mean RANDOM.And then , when the sharks even attack the characters in the end ? Well , the movie makers thought that would be scary , but I remember the movie audience erupting in laughter at the preposterousness of it all . A ridiculous , terrible waste of my time . Do n't let it waste yours .
 Being a mixture of Alien and John Carpenter 's The Thing , you would think that this would be a fairly dark and suspenseful sci-fi thriller . But it 's not . What you get is a bland , tedious adventure that offers no thrills even when it tries . A group of undersea miners discover a Russian underwater ship named Leviathan . During the investigation , it looks to have been abandoned since no one is on it . The miners go through tapes and medical logs , and something leads them to believe that a cataclysmic event has occurred here . Eventually , the event repeats itself , as one of the crew members starts to feel sick and things start to get much worse . This is when the movie should start to give us chills , but it fails . The scenes in which everybody on board is in danger should give us thrills , but it fails . The entire movie should have been a classic sci-fi thriller , but it failed to become one . Why ? Because it 's a boring 100-minute movie that lacks both suspense and intrigue . It 's one of the most tedious movies I have ever seen , and I hated it.Grade
 Q . What happens when you try to mix elements ofAlienwithThe Abyss?A . Nothing good.Some infectious agent that `` parasitizes '' humans and turns them into monsters from the deep that grows at an astounding rate and requires no energy and nutrient intake while growing . Divers do n't get the bends from an emergency ascent after many days living under the ocean in deep water . There must just be standard air instead of any special deep water habitat air mix . Pieces of the habitat just seem to fall down inside for no good reason.I found myself just wondering who was going to live , and who was going to die . I had one right and one wrong guess.Yawn .
 If you enjoy watching genetic alteration of people turning into els and eventually growing into a Giant Piranha with arms and legs , than this movie is for you . The story has been done alot before and those movies were better made -LRB- The Fly , The Thing , etc -RRB- You get to see the creature in the last 10 minutes which is a disapointment because its not even that well done and too many quick shots , hardly ever get a good look at it . I think the part with the sharks trying to attack them and Peter Weller punching out Meg Foster at the very end of the movie was more entertaining than the rest of the movie itself .
 To my surprise I actually enjoyed the first half of this movie . But once this poorly made fish creature began appearing while devoring half the cast , the movie transformed into an exact clone of Alien and I lost interest . Peter Weller and Ernie Hudson are the bright spots in an otherwise routine monster film with an unbelievably stupid ending .
 I made the mistake of asking a group of friends to see this in the theatre and was embarrassed that I wasted all of our time . I know there are some who like it , but we found it so insipid , so unoriginal , and so unbelievable that it was not even funny enough to laugh at.The story is that the Soviets were messing with genetic engineering , experimenting on a crew with spiked vodka . Rather than creating homo aquaticus , it made men into monsters that want to kill everyone else . Not only are the special effects laughably bad , but the acting is indifferent at best.Don ' t bother .
 What happens when you mix one hundred percent ` Alien ' with fifty percent ` The Thing ' add a dash of ` The Abyss ' and add no originality of your own ? Voila ! You get Leviathan . This montage -LRB- montage is putting it very , very nicely -RRB- of ` Alien ' , ` The Thing ' , and ` The Abyss ' does n't even try to hide the fact that it is a rip-off of all three sci-fi classics . Instead , Leviathan unabashedly tries to make money , almost scene for scene , off retred ideas and comes up flat . Not even the all-star cast -LRB- how did the producers get Peter Weller and Richard Crenna to sign their names to this ? -RRB- and an ineffectual Jerry Goldsmith score can save this shipwreck .
 With all of the bad qualities of Alien and none of the good ... another crap film wasting the interesting possibilities of human mutation -LRB- does anyone actually READ good science fiction anymore ? -RRB- A typically claustrophobic underwater film which despite some interesting set design is essentially a one set film -LRB- which I hate -RRB- ... Forget it . If you must see claustrophobic underwater films , see Das Boot or Abyss !
 I am delighted that Sinister Cinema has begun to release so many oddball and unknown movies on DVD , but would have been , in retrospect , even happier if they had decided to skip `` War of the Insects '' -LRB- alternate title
 For the record , this induction did n't come easy.For while it 's easy to banish the latest Simon Cowell spawned atrocity to the Official Room 101 of Amazon , adding Heroes was something I really did have to ponder over.Because , really , in today 's climate of stagnant reality , make-over , `` celebrity '' , dancing and singing infested television , a show that strives to capture its audience through an often baffling and layered series of story arcs , a show with a competent cast and superb effects should surely be applauded ? And it 's about SUPER HEROES ! And there 's a smoking hot blonde running around in a cheerleader outfit ! How could it not be amazing?Don ' t ask me , but Heroes somehow managed it . In fact , Heroes is a solid golden bucket of fail . It could be great , it should be great - but all it manages to be , at best , is average . On the whole , though , it 's po-faced , tedious , self important and boring . How the hell do you make a show based on super heroes BORING ? Oh , I know ; by making the blandest , most two dimensional characters in the history of television . Sylar aside -LRB- and that 's often at a push -RRB- , the best characters in this show do n't even have super powers . Think about it . I 'm right.Here 's something to think about . When Heroes started , the word on the street was that it was `` The New Lost '' , and that 's so preposterous it 's not even funny . Lost is smart , funny , touching , scary , exciting . . it 's got characters and dialogue that Heroes could only dream of . Lost had every single person on the edge of their damn seats wanting to see what was DOWN A HOLE . That was it . In Heroes people die , get reborn , get blown up , go back in time , go forward in time - and it 's a Herculean effort just trying to care . The difference , my friends?It 's all in the writing . For while Heroes has a good cast , a good premise and a ton of money thrown at it , the boring , flat characters , the time travel premise that 's tied the show up in knots and effectively made it worthless -LRB- hey Hiro , why not go back in time and , I dunno , kill Hitler or something ? Or why not go back and stop every single thing you do n't want to happen ? -RRB- the crucial lack of any real pacing that could give the show some surprises -LRB- `` oh no ! Noah 's dead ! Oh wait , he 's not . '' In the same damn episode ! -RRB- and the laughably overlong storylines -LRB- it 's Hiro , in Medieval Japan , for the entire second season - just what no-one wanted -RRB- make this show a frustrating , unrewarding , ho-hum experience.And really , yeah we 've got reality garbage coming out of our ears , but in an age where smart , funny , brilliantly written shows like Lost , Dexter , Burn Notice and Californication are on the air , Heroes just seems like a chore . Hell , even Journeyman was better than this.So whilst I fully expect 1000 negative marks from the zealots and the over-protective nerds for adding Heroes to the sin bin , you know it 's only because the truth hurts .
 Every season -LRB- yes , even the first -RRB- , I threatened to quit watching , as the show failed to deliver on its initial promise , then got worse , then got even worse yet . Finally , halfway through the third season , I did give it up , and thank goodness for that extra hour in my week ! Even if that hour is spent just watching reruns of better shows , it 's time well spent . I ca n't believe this show is still around , sucking money out of a failing network . I wish the NBC execs had Hiro 's power so they could go back in time , pick up The 4400 instead , and give us a proper ending to that show ... it may not have been perfect television , but it was much , much better than Heroes.Heroes is an example of screenwriting at its worst - convoluted storytelling that is hard to follow , fails to offer any reason to even try , reinvents characters constantly and for no good reason , and attempts to pass off silly , insipid plotlines as real drama . It somehow manages to bore , confuse and frustrate at the same time , and I 'm quite surprised that anyone still watches it . Even some of the less negative reviews here say things to the effect of `` after a bad second season and first half of this season it finally picked up a bit , so here 's hoping season four ... '' . How have we come to value our time so little that we 're willing to watch repeatedly bad shows , waiting for them to improve ? I 'm guilty of it too , but when I catch myself doing it , I feel very foolish . And after suffering through a trip to feudal Japan , a totally random desert vision quest , and the rest of the stupid storytelling thrown at us by Heroes , hopefully I 've learned my lesson .
 My god , how far can a series that was once number one in the ratings fall in terms of quality?The answer to that my friends is in Heroes Season 3 . I 'll try to summarize my points . Normally I would be afraid of posting spoilers , but there is NOTHING to spoil ! 1 -RRB- Season three picks up with Noah Bennett captured and imprisoned in Level 5 of the Company . WTF !? Was n't he going back to work for the Company in order to protect his family ? How did he get put in level 5 ? This is never explained .2 -RRB- The muscle mimic girl from season 2 is just gone . Totally phased out . Hello ! this is n't Married w / Children ! You ca n't just drop a character with no explanation ! BTW , I love Married w / Children .3 -RRB- Not a mention of the virus that was to wipe out mankind in the future . Nothing . This plot is totally nonexistent in this season .4 -RRB- Mohinder . Wow , talk about destroying a character . Damn , this guy has no depth or interest now . He injects himself with a serum hoping to find the antidote for the genetic mutation that gives people abilities , but instead ends up turning himself into some weird insectoid creature . Just think of scenes from the `` Fly '' with Jeff Goldblum .5 -RRB- Ok , this is the best . They try to turn Sylar into the son of the Petrelli parents ! HAHAHA ! OMG ! Then when that did n't work out so well , they fired the two head writers of the series and tried to erase their mistake by saying that the Petrellis were trying to trick Sylar .6 -RRB- They killed off all the supervillains from the previous two seasons . Parkman 's dad , Adam Monroe , and eventually Father Petrelli . Basically , the plot in the first half of the season revolves around the Petrellis dad still being alive and then going out for revenge on all those who opposed him.Ugh , if you want to waste a few brain cells go ahead and watch this season . If you have n't seen it already , do n't bother .
 Season one of Heroes was absolutely brilliant , and season two was pretty good -LRB- some people thought it was quite poor however -RRB- . However , season three takes an absolute nose dive into entirely terrible storylines and completely changing some of the characters . The show is suffering an identity crisis -LRB- again -RRB- and the writers can not make up there minds as to where they want to go with the series . The end of the season begins to clear up some of the issues that most fans -LRB- and even the creator/writers -RRB- were noticing such as having way too many characters and too many subplots going on at the same time . However , the damage has been done for the most part , and speaking for myself -LRB- and I 'm sure many others -RRB- , I have lost all interest in the show , and I do n't think they can bring it back . By completely changing characters such as Ali Larter 's character -LRB- I already ca n't remember her name she has become superfluous -RRB- , Mohinder -LRB- who loses all the appeal of being the one definitive good guy with no power , to becoming an unethical annoying character whose story is like watching Jeff Goldblum in The Fly -RRB- , and Noah -LRB- ? -RRB- Bennett -LRB- Good ? Bad ? Make up your mind ! -RRB- , the writers seem to reinvent the characters entirely ignoring precedence of the previous seasons . Season 3 is absolutely atrocious and unless I start hearing amazing things from many sources that season 4 is good and somehow patches up the problems in season 3 , you can count me out from the series from now on .
 Yes , apparently season 2 was n't the worst of Heroes we were going to see . As we all know , the series started strong but disappointed with the season 1 finale . Then season 2 came along and did n't quite work , though it added some good actors -LRB- David Anders , Kristen Bell -RRB- . And now season 3 does not only ` not quite work ' , it 's also boring , unbelievable and just plain stupid.The series ' problem is the writing
 Please refer to the international movie data base for plot summaries . I read them all . And I thought the lack of integration was due to writing style . Not so . This is for people with extremely short memories . You have to be willing to suspend disbelief AD INFINITUM for the sake of enjoying what are often mere bits and pieces of stories . Are you able to gloss -LRB- more like glide -RRB- over these ? - Pinehearst -LRB- ? -RRB- and Danko 's cleaup crew NOT clashing during the whole season . - Sylar -LRB- with his mind intact -RRB- and Angela Petrelli as allies just because she said she was his mommy -LRB- and he believed her ? -RRB- . -LRB- I thought Sylar WAS NOT MENTALLY RETARDED . -RRB- He would have taken one assignment to get out of his cell and disappeared . - Sylar -LRB- with his mind intact -RRB- and Danko -LRB- ditto - mind untouched . -RRB- as allies . -LRB- I thought Danko WAS NOT MENTALLY RETARDED ! -RRB- He paid dearly for that -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- . There is LOTS more from where that came from , but you can read about it , or or watch it over . If you find it worth your while , by all means , continue to watch . File it under `` fun while the TV was on '' . PERSONALLY , I WILL NOT CONTINUE TO WATCH THIS SERIES . It 's too demanding in the worst possible way .
 I purchased this for a friend for Christmas . Unfortunately when the box set arrived it came damaged from the trip . It was n't shipped in a very protective way so the corners of the box set itself were pretty messed up . My friend did get around to watch the DVDs till about a month later , everything seemed fine until he got to the 3rd disk which would begin to play but then would constently skip and freeze . We tried this on at least 3 different DVD players with the same result . Later I emailed them about this and recieved no response . I was n't too happy with them or the product .
 i still watch it , but its not at all what it was in season 1 , way better than season 2 , has its moments but is wildly uneven and i cant seem to understand any direction they are taking , but i believe season 4 will def determine if u can save this show or just give up on it.ps
 I ordered this product from a seller -LRB- Electronix -RRB- through Amazon and I never did recieve it . I hope they kick Electronix off their site ! Amazon has been great in helping me get my money back .
 Even if I bought season 3 heroes blu ray format , I 'm very bored when I 'm watching the episodes . Everybody was planning something in a very strange way . Brothers were killing each other ? which was very weird . My mind just did n't accept the events in the episodes although I find very good the series supernatural , sarah connor chronicles .
 Heroes season 3 -LRB- insert super sigh here ! -RRB- . What can I say ? The stories started off so well in Season 1 , in Season 2 , writer 's strike cut the momentum pace of the entire plot and twisted it into Season 3 . They wanted to give the audiences everything they asked for and in the end , ended up with a completely confusing and convoluted plot that have us fans reeling from headaches , and trying to figure out which time-line is the prime time-line . To my utter horror , I never expected season 3 to end up like that ! It was just completely nonsensical to begin with . Sylar 's character was developing nicely , how he was slowly changing to the good side , and then the sudden twist while searching for his real dad . I was totally disappointed with that storyline . Come on writers , you could have done so much more , or did the writer 's strike just short circuit all those creative juices to begin with?Cheesy dialogs and switching every Heroes ' powers , that was such a `` smart '' thing to do . I liked Peter Petrelli the way he was before his dad changed everything . Please put things back to the way they were ! The shifts in alliances for Noah Bennett were also just overly confusing . He was , he was n't , I do n't know anymore . The plots were either borrowed or stolen from Uncanny X-Men , or other comic storylines , where they wanted to register `` mutants '' and keep them controlled.Although I have to admit , even the actors themselves tried to hold the storyline together , and they did a great job this season acting out what they were suppose to . But sad to say , it was all for nothing . I have to admit that I got lost in the convoluted plot halfway through season 3 and switched to watching Fringe instead , now , at least that series had some promise !
 Heroes was the most exciting show in years . Finally ! Then the end of Season 2 and ESPECIALLY Season 3 ruined the entire experience for me.I will treasure my Season One Box Set , but I will save my money for quality TV on DVD - which does not include Season 3 of Heroes .
 Even if you think you want to watch more heroes , it is better if you pretend that season one is the only season .
 I would have kept it if they did not cancel the show . Now they left us hanging !
 Love Heroes - disappointed ca n't find this episode . Everywhere I have looked episode 16 `` Building 26 '' is being replayed as episode 17 `` Cold Wars '' . It 's the same here too , only difference is you 're paying for it here .
 Season 1
 The third season of `` Heroes '' was a complete mess . The season started off in a fairly strong manner , with the heroes targeted by the government and having to work together to escape . However , this compelling idea was abandoned after a few episodes , with the heroes once again scattering all over the globe with separate -LRB- and uninspiring -RRB- plotlines . What the producers and writers consistently fail to understand is that the fans of the show enjoy seeing the heroes work together , and not in the same predictable pairings -LRB- Ando & Hiro , Peter & Nathan , etc. -RRB- . By the end of the season , I really had no idea what the main plotline was and why I should care about any of it . `` Heroes '' started as a fresh , clever series filled with interesting characters , and the producers showed a willingness to add new characters to help prevent things from getting stale . Unfortunately , the producers and writers really lost the thread by the third season , stubbornly sticking with the same cast of heroes , long past their expiration date . Particularly frustrating was their stubborn insistence on focusing on Sylar as the main villian ; I enjoyed Sylar during the first two seasons but having a nearly unbeatable foe makes the rest of the cast look weak . Instead of introducing new heroes , each week brought new alliances between the heroes that quickly dissolved before they really could be explored . One week Noah and Sylar are working together , then they 're enemies ; the next week Nathan and Peter have reunited , then they 're enemies ; shampoo , rinse , and repeat . Keeping up with these shifting alliances was dizzying and tiresome . Likewise , all pretences of continuity have been abandoned in favor of ending each episode with a `` shocking '' conclusion.I 'll watch at least the first few episodes of Season 4 of `` Heroes , '' as I feel a certain obligation given the time I 've already invested in the series . Also , I do still care a bit about a few of the characters , despite being jerked around by the inconsistent writing of the series . However , I find that I can no longer recommend the series as a whole to new watchers , which is something I did prior to this season .
 Oh , how the mighty have fallen . After debuting as one of the most buzzed about shows on network TV , `` Heroes '' continues to die its slow , agonizing death , steadily wearing out its welcome and any good-will fans may have left for it.The show 's third season is so * frustrating * to watch , because there is potential for greatness that is completely squandered by inept storytelling and acting . The first of the season 's two main arcs focuses on a myserious formula that can grant normal humans Abilities -LRB- superpowers for those not versed in `` Heroes '' lore -RRB- . But a glimpse into the future reveals that this formula may bring about a post-apocalyptic future where the good guys are dead or evil , and so the present heroes work frantically to prevent the formula from getting out . The second half of the season deals with the fallout of these events , which have caused the US government to begin rounding up and imprisoning anyone with Abilities in less selective version of Angela Petrelli 's Company -LRB- which only locked up violent individuals -RRB- . Both of these ideas are cribbed from the `` X-Men '' comics -LRB- no matter what anyone tries to tell you , this show * is * X-Men without the costumes -RRB- , making it all the more baffling that the writers ca n't tell a decent story . These ideas have been explored and fleshed out before ; it should n't be too much effort to recast and retell them for a new audience , maybe with a twist or two . But the writers completely fail on that end , instead offering up nonsensical plots too reliant on `` shocking '' twists with no basis in the reality of the show 's universe . They also attempt to juggle multiple plotlines involving different characters , but their insistance -LRB- contractual obligation ? -RRB- to give everyone screentime in every episode leads to awkward pacing , scenes that are more like outlines than fully realized drama , and a lack of true depth and character development.And any time an interesting idea comes along , they suddenly backtrack and try to pretend it did n't happen . What 's this ? Sylar may actually be feeling remorse for all his misdeeds , and is trying to change while struggling his is inate need to acquire more Abilities through grisly murder ? A fascinating chance to develope his character into a tortured anti-hero . But instead , let 's have him suddenly revert back to a megalomaniacal villain for no real reason , because that 's how he was in Season 1 when the show was good . One of the series regulars has been killed in the line of duty ? How shocking and sad , until that same character comes back to life 10 minutes later.Which brings me to my biggest complaint about the show
 very good but the cd s arrived with a problem on the number 5 who get scratch . hard to read in the dvd player
 Smell that ? That 's the smell of a once great television show going straight down the crapper . Thanks to an unbelievably awful season 3-there 's really little point left in following the once brilliant `` Heroes '' . Over the course of this extremely disappointing season , Heroes devolved from a well written , exciting , `` must see '' television show into a frustrating exercise in viewer patience . Despite the hope that things would improve after a sub-par Season 2 , the exploits of the so called `` Heroes '' -LRB- who really do nothing that even remotely resembles anything heroic -RRB- yielded nothing but disappointment `` weak '' after excruciating `` weak '' . The first volume of Season 3 - `` Villains '' was excessively convoluted and drawn out-sans anything of any real substance happening . Characters also seemed to completely change personalities and flip flop their allegiances on a dime for no other reason than to suit the writer 's purposes.Despite my hopes for an improved second volume with `` Fugitives '' things only got worse . With a premise that smacked of the completely ridiculous -LRB- Nathan 's wildly out of left field decision to betray all of his peers and condemn them all to imprisonment for starters -RRB- `` Fugitives '' became a hard pill to swallow in every way imaginable . Despite a noticeable attempt to improve the show and `` right the ship '' in the last few episodes , the silly and hard to accept premise kept getting in the way . With the exception of the episode set in the `` Coyote Sands '' desert -LRB- which was one of the few watchable episodes of the season -RRB- `` Fugitives '' like `` Villains '' was a total wash.What I found most disappointing about Season 3 of `` Heroes '' however was n't its silly and laughably-bad writing , or even its complete lack of direction-instead it was how the writers took some of most iconic and likable characters in television history -LRB- Noah Bennet , Mohinder Suresh , Peter Patrelli , Matt Parkman -RRB- and rendered them completely unlikable . Noah was consistently a two-faced jerk for the majority of the season and Suresh a whiney b * tch determined to work for the bad guy . Peter , the show 's `` anchor '' went from being the most morally grounded `` hero '' on the show to a selfish allegiance-swapping loser with no honor at all and Matt finally revealed himself as a totally useless waste of a character . Even Claire was not immune with her character 's `` all-talk , no-action '' stance on things . Outside of Hiro and Ando-by season 's end there were no character 's left who 's stories I really cared about . And even the dynamic duo 's story itself seemed to grow more silly and weak by the episode . -LRB- Are n't they running out of ideas by now how to keep Hiro from having powers ? -RRB- And it absolutely blows my mind that the show insists on bringing Ali Larter 's characters -LRB- all five hundred of them -RRB- back to the show time and time again . I know -LRB- or knew rather -RRB- a lot of Heroes viewers who absolutely hate Nikki/Jessica/Tracy / etc.-this one included . Why on earth do they keep bringing her back when she has yet to serve any real purpose but to annoy so completely?I find it interesting that the next volume in the series is called `` Redemption '' . With ratings plummeting and stories getting more silly , ridiculous & repetitious each season , and faithful viewers dropping off right and left , I hope there 's truly some deeper meaning in that title ...
 A co-worker and myself were recently discussing our admiration for Star Trek . While I favor the original series and Next Gen , I gave up halfway through DS9 and only watched a handful of Voyager eps . I did n't even bother with Enterprise , as I felt the franchise had run out of gas and despite it 's claim for fresh ideas , was recycling older plots and characters . He told me that he felt Enterprise fell short , but as a Trek Devotee , he stuck with it till the end . I am attempting to do the same with Heroes . I am halfway through season 3 , but man , it 's getting tough.The first season was terrific . Fresh , inventive , action filled , and exciting . The second season had its moments , and the characters were at least interesting . Season 3 is , so far , horrendous . As stated in previous reviews , characters allegiances getting switched , frantic and illogical pacing , ideas dropping in from nowhere , simply because the writes deem so . It 's like bad high school improv . Cast members increasingly becoming unlikeable and it 's a struggle to get through . I recently purchased season 4 because I want to see it through to the end . Which means I 'll have to watch season 3 all the way through . Oh well . Could be worse . I could be throwing away my time on America 's Got Talentless Morons . John , I feel your pain .
 I am not sure how to find you . My shipment was posted to arrive on the 18th . It is now the 23d and it has not arrived . :-LRB- Is anybody out there to contact me ?
 a -RRB- huge scratch on disc1 , amazon sent replacement quicky , thanks.b -RRB- story is a bit complicated & not exciting as before .
 Season 1 is good , season 2 is decent but the season 3 of Heroes is simply horrible TV , it 's so bad that I stop watching after a few episodes . Nothing makes sense , terrible writting and portrayal , the story is terribly boring and increadibly stupid . There are momentts so bad that make laugh.One of the most expensive shows , and one of the worst by far . They need to fire all the writters .
 I loved seasons 1 and 2 . I was really looking forward to season 3 but was extremely disappointed . I kept waiting for it to get better - but it never did . What were the writers thinking ???? They took a GREAT series and totally screwed it up !
 The first set of DVDs received were defective . A follow-up email promised to replace them promptly . That was November 2 . To date , the replacement DVDs have not materialized , and my credit card has been charged .
 I have so enjoyed the series up to this volume . I love the stories of how people are waking up to their inner &#34; giftings &#34; and the struggle to find their place in this world . It 's a now message for this generation - a harbinger of things to come . Lost people looking for redemption is never a false story.The twisting of heroes and villians is way overdone . I ca n't deny the relevancy of the Heroes ' struggle with darkness . &#34; Am I a hero or a villian ? &#34; &#34; Am I living up to my gifts ? &#34; These are great questions and it used to be uplifting to watch each character 's struggle with their brokeness . The main failure of this series -LRB- volume 3 -RRB- is that the story now completely blurs good vs. evil . Calling a bad guy good without redemption is a false story.I simply ca n't enjoy the story anymore . Hollywood frequently twists good and bad , but this is excessively dark . Our world needs affirmation of goodness - especially in the dark times .
 Oh no - thanks for nothing ! Boring , predictable , badly written , going nowhere . Heroes was an awesome series when it began . Season 2 had the writers ' strike , so fair enough , a little underwhelming . But Season 3 had no excuses and the only interesting person was Sylar ! We want to get to know the characters better each year and yearn to know what is in their futures . I 'll watch next season , but if it does n't lift its game , farewell brave Heroes !
 From the box cover I was expecting something half way decent . This was just dribble and nothing of any socialredeeming value . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 Downloaded the show after I bought it , yup paid money for something ... and all I get is broken sound and flashes of color . I however can play it on amazon.com or their player but that 's not how I do things . I save things to watch over and over on VLC and this wo n't play and it wo n't convert and it sucks.I wo n't be buying online again . I expected to be able to save this to my external drive as I would any other video I bought at the store but sadly that is not the case . The only way to make this work is play it on amazon player or windows media player but not VLC which I use and prefer . I do n't want multiple players or to have to remember which video played on which player . Just too much crap .
 The film begins with an almost Fargo-like series of mis-steps and mishaps that actually grab your interest . Unfortunately , that 's as good as it gets . The joke , if you get it , begins with a Mr. Grozny -LRB- a fish-out-of-water Sean Pertwee ... would n't Dr. Who just turn in his grave ? -RRB- inviting the idiot who blew his last job to steal some `` family heirlooms '' in the penthouse suite of some Moscow high-rise . What they showed could well have been the former Lubyanka.Recruiting the aid of a couple of Russian morons , probably too closely related , the theft goes from bad to worse , as does the film . Stupidity abounds with the cast slowly being slaughtered by some whirling dervish and so on.Comedy and horror really do n't mix too well and you have to be careful about your mix . Severance got it absolutely right and The Cottage comes in a close second . Here , it 's like oil and water , one or the other.This wretched experience brings the Keystone Kops to a new level of sophistication.For what it 's worth , `` grozny '' -LRB- pronounced `` grozh-nyee '' -RRB- means `` terrible . '' As in `` Ivan the Terrible . ''
 After a diamond heist gone wrong , Ritchie -LRB- Stephen Dorff -RRB- must make amends with his Russian mafia connections on another job . Inside a luxurious penthouse the caper goes awry . Teamed with the Russian version of Laurel and Hardy , Ritchie and the group is trapped on an undeveloped floor with a psycho who is equally involved in LARPing , ballet , and murder.The most unfortunate aspect of Botched is the title describes the execution . It 's a poor attempt at the horror/comedy blend where the horror is n't scary and the comedy is n't funny . Throw in disco lights and a few Scooby Doo chase scenes to make it worse . I 'd be remiss if I did n't mention an atrocious , tone-def , misfiring score . It 's Addam 's Family , carnival , Italian restaurant , Benny Hill , and Tetris theme song all rolled into one . Worst score in movie history.For whatever reason the movie is set in Russia , where all of the actors aside from the perpetually dramatic Dorff butcher Russian accents filled with inaccuracies and inconsistencies . Speaking of butchering , look for the Ed Gein inspired wallpaper midway through the film ; it 's the fraction that 's even remotely creepy . As for funny , there 's a cheap fart scene . If you 're considering watching this travesty , I 'd recommend treating it like gas
 I like to think of myself as a fair appraiser of movies . I try to take movies as they are when giving to , or taking from , their merit , and not what I think they should have been . In all fairness , you ca n't judge a movie like The Shawshank Redemption on its comedic intent rather than dramatic effect anymore than you can judge Thomas The Tank Engine based on how many dismemberments and T&A ; shots there were . It 's not fair to the film.However , upon watching Stephen Dorff 's Botched , I think I am being fair when I say that this was a horrible script surrounded by a great cast and intense execution . What does that really mean ? I 'm not too sure , but I 'll sure as hell try to explain it.Botched , directed by newcomer Kit Ryan and written by Derek Boyle , Eamon Friel , and Raymond Friel , introduces us to Ritchie Donovan , a professional thief with a streak of bad luck -LRB- played by Stephen Dorff of SFW and Blade fame -RRB- . Our first contact with Ritchie displays a twice-bumbled jewel heist , of which Ritchie 's employer , probable Russian mob boss Mr. Groznyi , is quite unhappy with . To redeem himself , Ritchie is given one last job , to steal a cross from a family living on the penthouse floor of a building in Moscow . With the help of brothers Peter and Yuri , the job goes bad , and the three felons are caught on the 13th floor -LRB- inferred -RRB- of the building with a group of apparently innocent bystanders , a security guard , and some Dungeons & Dragons fanatic with a real sword.Hilarity ensues . Or at least is supposed to.I will be fair
 Allow me to be frank - this is a terrible film . The most interesting aspect in viewing this stinker is observing how consistently the film degrades from ` full of promise ' in the first 15 minutes to bad and then absolutely dreadful by the time the end credits roll . As a further insult to injury -LRB- or perhaps a blessing in disguise ? -RRB- this disc contains ZERO extras - not even a cheezy 10 minute making-of featurette .
 Well I gave this movie a chance because I am a big fan of guts and horror movies . As well as some comedy/horror films . This one had a chance until the `` crazed '' killer is shown . That character and performance is so awful , that it ruined the film for me . I know I am no professional reviewer , but that 's just my personal opinion .
 Yes I 'm going to be the square peg in the round hole.Stephen Dorf was tolerable but the rest ... STINKO!Its bloody but stupid.How dare they put this in the same ball field as Shaun Of The Dead.At least Shaun was funny this ... not!I like what the other writer said about being drunk to find this amuzing ... You 'll have 2 hangovers while engaging this rubbish ... MENTAL !
 When a horror movie does n't work it can be bad but when a comedy is n't funny it can be teeth grindingly awful . And unfortunately that 's pretty much what happens here . `` Botched '' shoots for that comedy/horror genre that 's so hard to nail and it falls short on both counts . In the story a professional thief is sent to Russia to steal a specific artifact from the penthouse apartment of a large building . Things go badly and the thief -LRB- Played by Stephen Dorff . -RRB- , his two associates and a group of hostages find themselves trapped in the seemingly abandoned 13th floor of the building . Then people start to die . It 's not a brilliant setup but it 's not awful either and there 's plenty of blood and gore -LRB- Although some of the gore is just gross . -RRB- so you had the potential here for a pretty watchable movie . Unfortunately the scary part is n't scary and the funny part is n't funny . And while you can sometimes get away with a horror movie that 's not scary , bad comedy and `` quirky '' characters that do n't work are mind killers . I gave this two stars because the actors are all game snd do their best with what they have to work with . And honestly because I do n't know why this was so bad . It should have been funnier . It should have been a more entertaining movie . It just was n't .
 Not unlike howNirvanamade Seattle the recruiting hotbed for the pop music industry in the mid-80s , Tony Jaa ` sOng-Bakhas the western action film industry 's eyes on Thailand , importing and rereleasing just about everything they can get their hands on in hopes of finding the next great copycat . To be succinct , they will not find it in `` The Sanctuary '' , the sophomore solo outing of stuntman-turned-star Michael Boongerd , mostly because there 's not nearly enough action here to live up to the standard set by Jaa and his team.The story
 This is a Thai film designed for Thai audiences . It deals with a Thai couple keeping ancient antiques in the country , so it has a nationalist message . When I visited Japan , almost every sign had a Roman-alphabet translation with it . Here things were written just in Thai . That 's fine ; it 's just different . We Americans bag on dubbed films too much , but the dubbing here did seem slightly off.This had a cool martial arts scene on top of used cars . There 's a wicked bomb explosion . The women , both friend and foe , were given strong , or at least non-marginal , roles . Still , the martial arts is n't as good as in a Jackie Chan film . The film does wrap loose ends well . It just had the feel of a B-movie that you 'd seen on Ted Turner 's network . This was awful , but it 's far from award-winning . I love Russell Wong , but must admit that he get crappy roles . He may be past his prime , unfortunately . However , he looks good here . He 's not as pudgy as in recent films . He might represent the bridge between East and West here . This may be signified as he is a `` yellow '' man first seen dressed all in white . He 's a foreigner clearly , but he has a Asian love interest as hottie . He does martial arts -LRB- Eastern -RRB- but collaborates with foreigners -LRB- Western -RRB- . I wonder if his multiraciality may have played a role in choosing him for the role . He has a bedroom scene , but you only see his back . You miss his chest and booty , which he luckily showed in the film with Jennifer Beals and Christopher Walken .
 two stars , one for spending some money actually producing this movei , another star for having it on Amazon.Unless you are absolutely bored and have nothing to do , like me , and have Amazon prime membership where you can watch for free , do n't bother watching this flick.This is a waste of time and `` money '' if you spent anything on it.The only thing left after watching this movie is the desire to go scout a vase that looks like the antique vase in the movie.So , I am going to search in Amazon now for something that looks like it .
 The story starts out OK , but then it degenerates over the length of the series . Some characters are so wishy washy as to be completely aggravating . It also felt as though many characters were entirely too 2D with little depth and those who did attain some depth appeared to acquire it instantaneously rather than through a progression . As a story I felt it was not well thought out and left a lot to be desired . The artwork was good for the most part , although again , a lot of dis0parity between the landscapes presented and the architecture involved . I found the mix of technology on a world primarily disposed toward magic to also be confusing rather than entertaining . Overall I felt I was watching a film noir done in anime . I do n't know if American/English speaking culture is so much different from Japanese , but there is a definite loss in translation . English spoken did not always synch up with the movement of the characters ' mouths at times making it also confusing as to just who was speaking .
 A little-seen film starring Vincent Gallo and Courteney Cox , directed by Justin McCarthy -LRB- brother of actor Andrew of ` Less Than Zero ' -RRB- , released from marverick indie company Lions Gate , which also released quite impressive ` Bufallo 66 ' directed Gallo.But this film is a disappointment . I like Gallo , and watched almost all of his films -LRB- including notorious ` Brown Bunny ' -RRB- , but ` Get Well Soon ' suffers from too many things.First , this is about the popular midnight TV personality Bobby , played by Vincent Gallo . Sorry , but I do n't believe it . Gallo looks never the kind of the character he plays here , because Gallo 's talent -LRB- as musician , film director , whatever you pick -RRB- is not to be found in mainstream media like TV . He is not Letterman or Leno , and that 's his strength , is n't it?And Bobby comes back to his town , where his ex-girlfriend Lilly lives , and Bobby tried to make up for the past wrongs done to her , with a help from her brother who is now in a mental institute . This quirky romantic comedy follows the process of love between them , with some episodes about the immates of the instutite , who tries to steal a dog of Matthew Broderick -LRB- who does NOT appear -RRB- . Lilly is played by Courteney Cox , whom I love to see in any films , but somehow she lacks the charms she showed in other films of his . The biggest problem is still Gallo , whose dangerous charisma was sensational in ' 66 ' or ` Palookaville , ' but not here , only looking like sleepwalking . Sorry his fans , but he is totally miscast.Perhaps more damaging is the director 's poor direction . The characters are annoyingly unfunny , trying to be funny , and the jokes are as fresh as last years 's news , recycling those jokes about gays or mental institute . For die-hard Gallo fans only ; others , skip it .
 you have watched this film or will be watching it because either you 're a Vincent Gallo fan or a Courtney Cox fan . it 's very unlikely that you like them both . whoever cast them must 've been on some very strong -LSB- STUFF -RSB- to not have noticed that there is n't any sort of chemistry between them . and considering that in this dull story they are supossed to be in love , chemistry is an important fact . Vincent Gallo is one artist that I 've always respected . he 's an all around great artist . his directorial debut and one of his best performances , Buffalo ' 66 , has become a favorite of mine since the first time I watched it . his talent does not fall short in this film either . no one can portray depression like he can i guess . but the film itself just does n't go anywhere . the repeated theme that money and success does n't give you happiness and that love is the answer is such an abused theme that it should be placed on the discontinued shelf somewhere . i do n't understand why Vincent Gallo took the offer to act in this film . he 's known for being very picky in choosing his films . this does not seem like a choice he would make . as far as Courteney Cox goes , i 'm truly surprised that actors as talentless as her actually have a career when there are thousands of starving actors out there that could use roles like this . i tried watching this movie 3 times and on the 4th i finally finished it . it really could n't hold my attention . i would not recomend this film to anyone , unless you 're a Friends fan . it might appeal to your taste . but if you 're watching this because Mr. Gallo is in it I would skip it and rent Palookaville instead .
 This has to be THE WORST MOVIE I have ever watched , a complete waste of my time and money , I hope all future purchasers read my review and act on it - DO NOT buy this , it really is 100 % rubbish - GUARANTEED !!!!
 I bought these dvd 's expecting them to be good quality recordings of bad quality films . Instead , I got bad quality recordings period.They seem to be compressed like vcd pirate copies , and every now and again the company 's insignia logo comes up at the bottom right hand of the screen for about 30 seconds or so.I was disappointed with the vcd-like quality , and annoyed to be assaulted with logos during the films in this way.Don ' t buy it .
 Amazon has a bunch of reviews here from a DVD set that contains this film . I hope this review does not get linked into that set . I looked this up in the IMDB . It was made in 1964 and should have been 80 or 81 minutes long . Amazon says 2006 . And their copy was just over an hour . The Sci Fi takes a back seat here . It is really more of a police drama . The acting was rather good . But there are some jarring cuts where I suppose some of the film is missing . I saw it on Prime for free and I got my money 's worth . I do n't regret spending the hour watching it . But once was enough . I wo n't be watching it again .
 Slightly better than `` Alien Worlds '' movie pack . But , as with the `` Alien Worlds '' multi-movie pack , this is disappointing . The production quality is just not there . The movie selection was marginal at best . The remastering quality is not good . I would not buy this again . If it was n't so cheap I would be very unhappy , but I got what I paid for .
 I could not disagree more with the other reviewer . This ENTIRE film was totally predictable . It was a series of scenes that we 've all seen a thousand times in our lives all put into one movie . The first hour is excruciatingly boring . The lead character -LRB- besides his hideous `` man bangs '' -RRB- just `` broods '' in scene after scene , troubled for seemingly no reason at all . His boyfriend , a `` wifey-queen '' in every respect , makes the whole scenario a very obvious role-playing thing . It 's another film about an un-accepting family and the ` should a kid be raised by gays ' thing , which we 've all seen 100 times . It is very melodramatic , almost laughable in several parts . In fact , the very problem is -- it 's TOO `` normal . '' Is that what we see movies for ? The other reviewer said ` finally something DECENT . ' Must `` decent '' be so extremely boring ?
 Again you have sent me a product I cant play because it is for the wrong zone This is the sixth or seventh and I will not be buying any more .
 Why Moldovia does n`t produce action movies ? The right answer is `` I do not know , but if they are not , then we will do it for them '' . And they did . Jean-Claude Van Damme is popular in East , let ` s do the business . It looks like a bad US movies back in 1980 . Unfortunately , the girls in the movie so ugly , that you would not enjoy even this part too . But I like the business idea - American Movies for Local Markets .
 A total waste of money . I could not get the video to play on my computer . I 'm not sure why . I also could not download it to anything other than my Kindle . Waste of time and money .
 This movie was just bad . Makes all his others seem so much better . I am a huge fan of his films but this one just seemed like a c-Level movie .
 When you see the movie cover you will think that this is a Bloodsport movie . In a way it is , but it does n't really get there until the SECOND half of the film . It starts with an old Van Damme telling a story of how he learned to fight , but does n't even go there . This movie goes from how he escapes New York to becoming a prisoner on a pirate ship , then getting with Roger Moore and his idiot sidekick . They go from one island to the next and end up at a fighting tournament , which is not long at all . I swear this is just like Bloodsport
 I 'm a Van Damme fan but this movie sucks real bad , only good parts are the fight scenes at the end of the movie , perhaps the last 10 or 15 minutes . Buy it only if you can get it for like 7 bucks .
 This movie is Bloodsport minus the entertaining parts . Better production value - much worse script . Much worse everything almost . So if you liked Bloodsport which even at its cheesiest was a classic entertaining martial arts flick and you wanted to see another version of it that sucks but has more scenery , well here you go ! Enjoy !
 I bought this as a gift and you can almost always be assured that with be the case anytime I buy something with martial arts in it . This one is pure and simple excuse to showcase Van Damme 's martial arts abilities and not to tell a story . Especially not a good one . Van Damme plays a Frenchman in America in the '20s sort of a pseudo-Fagan character , with a heart of gold however , doing petty thefts and street performances for chump change . Apparently he somehow learns of a big job a gang is pulling -LRB- it is Chicago after all -RRB- where the Fagan-ites will hit it big . Only to end up with Dubois -LRB- Van Damme -RRB- being shanghai 'd , kidnapped by pirates and sold into slavery of sorts as a fighter . Erstwhile a mysterious Asian man sends a messenger to deliver scrolls to various individuals . And there 's the first half of the movie for you . The remaining half is twice as difficult to believe and nothing but martial artists beating on each other . Back to the first sentence , yes , it was a gift but not out of maliciousness . My cousin LOVES Jean-Claude Van Damme and we 'll leave it at that .
 The Quest is Van Damme 's atempt at a comeback going back to the films where he was staright into fighting and not playing a cop or any like that . The film has okay fight sequnces but the storyline is a little murky and the fianl does drag a little . But still better than the two previous Van Damme films which were Sudden Death and Maximum Risk .
 If it 's showing on TV and you want to laugh , watch it . Just do n't spend any money on it.The plot was ridiculously banal and was completely secondary to the whole thing . The movie is just a B-film action celebration , with stupid , overplayed `` round one , fight ! '' streetfighter kinda sound effects for every geek to love and every normal person to have a ball laughing at.Basically , fast forward to the last half an hour or forty minutes to listen to some guy announcing the different countries and to hear the gong blast before watching some silly but cool fights . I mean , they 're all pretty lame because you KNOW that the obvious ending is to see the American Van Damme fight the heartless big bad behemoth , but it 's always more interesting to see what happens to the OTHER fighters ... Who wins between Russia vs Spain -LRB- a great fight -RRB- ? China vs Korea ? Turkey vs Holland ? All the fighters are portrayed as the stereotypical image of their country and it 's really quite a blast . The stand-outs are the Turkish fighter -LRB- serious Ottomon savage -RRB- , Chinese -LRB- monkey-acrobatics -RRB- , Japanese -LRB- fat sumo -RRB- , Korean -LRB- buff asian -RRB- , Spanish -LRB- flamenco dancer who hits on the only chick in the film -RRB- , Greek fighter -LRB- ethical -RRB- etc. . Roger Moore 's presence is a joke and yeah , only if it 's on TV and you 're bored .
 Really BAD movie with really BAD actor . Van Damme is always trying to do something cool , but he ca n't . He do n't have sense of humor , he do n't have any talent , he do n't have artistic tastes . The only thing he has is muscles . But who cares ? This movie is one big fight . Everything between fightings is dumb and unfunny waste . Bad . Not one star , but really bad .
 This was the worst movie ever . The story is nearly the same than in Blood Sports which was one of the two good movies from Jean-Claud -LRB- The other one is hard target -RRB- Do n't whatch it ...
 The main reason for reviewing this is simply backlog ; I do enjoy Van Damme 's oeuvre for the high comedies that they are , but this film really was n't much of an improvement over ` Cyborg ' , which was possibly the worst film ever made -LRB- yes , that includes ` Hudson Hawk ' -RRB- . Prior to release , Van Damme had been going around saying it will be a pure action film , returning to his ` Bloodsport ' roots . I wish . For $ 20 million dollars cheaper , ` Bloodsport ' makes ` the Quest ' look like ` Best of the Best IV ' . For starters , it 's rated PG-13 , so the action ca n't be all out -- something we do n't have to worry about when his films are rated ` R. ' Secondly , what little fighting there is only surfaces in the last 25 minutes of the film . While as a director , Van Damme does n't make many resolutely bone-headed mistakes , he should stay away from vanity projects like this one.The film itself is quite boring , and while it is amusing to see Roger Moore pick up his paycheck and run -LRB- it 's been a hard life since ` View to a Kill ' -RRB- , nothing merits buying this on DVD .
 The Quest was one of the movies that began the descent of Jean-Claude Van Damme from a major motion picture star into a straight-to-video movie star , which still is better than most actors accomplish , but far from the level that Van Damme achieved at the height of his success.The Quest is a poor ripoff of Bloodsport and Kickboxer about a martial arts tournament with Roger Moore thrown in for comic relief . While there are some good fight scenes , they do n't make this film worth watching or buying . Fortunately , Jean-Claude made many more that are worth watching .
 I have one thing to say about this movie
 I saw this at the theater expecting an action packed movie . It was awful . A waste of money and a waste of time to watch . Really . Rent it if you must .
 In my life , I 've come across a few movies that were so bad , so very bad , that they entertain through sheer ridiculousness . The Quest is one such movie . There are about 15 different subplots in the movie , each one lasting about 10 minutes and each one involving Van Damme wearing an outlandish costume . Every new subplot opens up another loose end , and the different subplots are only held together with poor acting -LRB- excepted by Roger Moore -RRB- and cheesy dialogue -LRB- exemplified by Roger Moore 's character -RRB- . The various subplots hang until the end of the movie , when Van Damme 's narration simply dismisses them all . Then the entire movie turns out to be a flashback that is in turn encapsulated in a book . It 's priceless . I highly recommend watching this movie at least once for a good laugh .
 This film was n't too bad considering it was directed and cowritten by star Jean-Claude Van Damme . The movie starts off in the 1920 's with Van Damme dressed as a clown wearing stilts working with street orphans to steal some money from gangsters . He escapes from gangsters before being chased by the police onto a ship . The next morning , out to sea , the ship owners chain up the stowaway and put him to work . Shortly after the ship is ambushed by British cavaliers , led by Roger Moore , which free him only to bring him to an island and sell him to the Mutai to be a fighter.The movie quickly changes from an adventure story to a video-game movie the likes of Tekken . All of the best fighters in the world are invited to fight in a tournament at the Lost City for the prize of Golden Dragon and honor . The fighters are acted by real fighting champions from around the world . Each brings his own fighting style resulting in some satisfying matches which is the saving grace of the film.This film would have been much improved with plot twists and more attention paid the the back story of Van Damme 's orphaned past to gain a better appreciation of why the fighting is so important to him .
 No focus , suspense or story arcNo characters worth caring aboutNo sex and no point whatsoevereven for almost free on Here TV
 Decent production values , some fun gore , handsome guys but little beyond that . There is no background , no history , no big reveal of the killer . Without a preset motive or potential villians , it 's just a bunch of pretty boys taking turns being beheaded . Whatever .
 This movie was down right horrible . No suspense whatsoever . It has absolutely no plot . I 'm guessing the killer had something against the main character since he stuffed all the heads in his apartment . Did he have something against his dad ? His dad was a cop . Did his dad arrest him once or something ? Or were the details of his dad just thrown in there for no reason ? Or is the killer just a homophobe ? The ending of this movie is just insulting . It actually made me mad that I sat through it.I 'll give it 2 stars for the nasty eyeball scene .
 I FELL ASLEEP DURING THE MOVIE . NOW I DO N'T KNOW THE PLOT . NOT MEMORABLE . I WOULD MOT RECOMMEMD THIS FILM TO ANY ONE
 I do n't expect special effects to be memorable in a low budget flick but this one was killed by the acting . Not one character in the whole movie was believable , endearing , intriguing , or even attractive . This went beyond facial features and expressions to actions -- running and chase scenes were like watching people in casts . Except they were n't in casts , except for that of the movie of course . Perhaps this could have been saved by a great plot , but the plot was weak and depended on good acting to create a sense of eerie tension . That failed completely as the main characters lumbered around like a couple of refugees from Weight Watchers . The only concern created in the viewer was whether they might accidentally run into a wall and knock it over.I do n't usually bother reviewing a movie like this but I thought maybe you might find a warning useful .
 I 'm a big Baumbach fan so I thought I 'd grab this DVD to put in my collection . Unfortunately it 's almost too horrible to watch because of the video transfter quality . The VHS copy is n't like that , I rented it from BB just to see . Anyway , I would n't suggest buying this DVD unless you want a horrible ... peice of work .
 Ignore the blurb on the VHS box , the movie is not about a couple 's hot parties with hip friends , it is about a couple 's awful parties with jerk friends . Now , that might not be a bad thing -- in fact , I think it could be easier to make a good movie about bad parties than about good ones -- but the advertising is dishonest.Much worse , though , is the the pointless and boring character of the movie , which is about a bunch of stupid or verbally sadistic `` friends '' who mostly do n't like each other . While I 've known cliques that keep getting together despite frictions between some members , it 's inconceivable that these people would keep getting together for these abusive and tedious holiday events . Also , the couples ' relationships , which come and go between these parties , are unexplained and mostly unexplored , as are some individuals ' character changes , and indeed , almost everything that does n't happen at the parties themselves .
 When I see `` All Star Cast '' mentioned in a movie description I think of names like Robert De Niro and Dustin Hoffman and John Travolta - NOT Justine Bateman or Ally Sheedy or -LRB- pause to roll eyes -RRB- Rae Dawn Chong . But hey , a little hype to pique interest in an obscure movie does n't mean it 's a festering stinkpile , right ? Right ? But since the mailbox was further away than my TV , I decided to give it a try before walking all the way outside to angrily mail it back to Blockbuster with a terse note to cancel my subscription . Anyway , I really should start listening to my instincts . Thirty minutes later , after becoming criminally insane with boredom , I snatched this meandering yawn-fest from my DVD player . The story ... Well , there is none really . The whole thing is little more than a series of parties in which a group of friends meet and engage in `` witty '' , `` clever '' and often snarky dialogue . It 's a character sketch kind of movie but the problem is , the characters are pretty lame , including Ally Sheedy who plays HERSELF , and the `` clever dialogue '' appears to have been written by drunks or film school dropouts . Or , as is more likely , drunk film school dropouts . It 's the kind of artsy pseudo-intellectual dreck that people like to pretend is profound and funny but critical thinking skills will tell you it 's rubbish . Couple this with the movie 's production cost of around $ 99.00 and the shooting schedule of a couple of afternoons in poorly-lit houses and editing done by the same drunken dropouts who wrote it and tadaahhh - FESTERING STINKPILE ! Get this movie only if you either want to waste 90 minutes of your life and hate yourself for doing it or be a part of the clique of twenty or so people worldwide who think Noah Baumbach is a brilliant filmmaker . Trust me - neither is worth the agony .
 Perhaps predictably , this movie suffers from not having the same kind of time and money invested in its production compared to Kicking & Screaming and Mr. Jealousy . Those two films had a uniquely beautiful combination of literate dialogue and humorous ensemble interaction . While Highball had many of the same actors from the first two movies , the overall dialogue and themes were totally different . The first two movies had irreverence mixed with the sympathy of nostalgia and the difficult emotional transition to adulthood . Highball had no direction at all.While I no longer remember all the details of Highball , I felt that the characters were poorly defined and the plot less meaningful than Mr. Jealousy and Kicking & Screaming . The movie seemed incomplete and hastily put together.If you like literate , witty ensemble comedies , you should definitely see Kicking and Screaming , then Mr. Jealousy , then the Whit Stillman trilogy -LRB- which also features Chris Eigeman -RRB-
 By NazarI 've seen fifteen animal movies and believe me Elephant Tales is the worst . If you want a good movie then elephant tales is not the movie for you . It 's about tutu and his brother following this rainbow to find their mom because tutu like to her.When I watched that movie , I was a bored person like a zombie . The worst part of elephant tales is when their sister pretends to hate her brother Tutu . I was so bored that I fell asleep in the middle of the movie . Then I fell off the couch with drool on my shirt.Did you know that elephant tales is so horrible and terrible that I would rather go to school naked than watch this movie ? If you like animals , especially elephant , then you might like this movie . You can find it at Blockbuster if you 're interested .
 `` Walkabout '' happens to be one of my favorite films . I was looking forward to thisCriterion Blu-ray release being the definitive version for my DVD collection . Imagine my surprise when after loading it in my Sony Blu-ay player -LRB- BDP-S350 -RRB- a load message started to blink , finally resulting in a message that said `` DVD WILL NOT PLAY '' ! I have had this player for 2 years , and this is the first time a DVD could not be played . Wondering if others have had this occur with this Criterionrelease ? I plan to return it to amazon in the hopes that it was simply one bad apple in the bunch . Fingers crossed , that I 'll finally have a `` Walkabout '' keeper !
 My BDP-S350 can not play this Blu-ray properly , the image freezes a lot of times . I had not had any problems with this player ever .
 As a middle school English teacher , I was delighted to finally find the movie that bears the same title as one of my favorite adolescent novels . To my disappointment , the movie is nothing like the book . The Book
 This was a very confusing and inaccurate movie adaption of the book `` Walkabout '' . I read the book for 7th grade English , and it is very beautiful and moving . It gives information about Australian plantlife and about the Aboriginals . Sadly , the movie is very different , and it is very untrue to the book . Some examples of the mistakes
 This was a movie I was actually looking forward to seeing . Even though I think Nicholas Roeg has been responsible for some of the most pretentiously `` arty '' films ever to have been released , everybody I knew who 'd seen `` Walkabout '' said that in this particular case he 'd struck a good balance between dialogue and non-verbal storytelling and created a cinematic `` tone poem . '' Well , Roeg is as tone-deaf here as he is in his other films . He 's so hot to get to the `` meat '' of his tale -- two English children are stranded in the Australian Outback and struggle to survive with the help of a young aborigine in the midst of a vison quest , or `` walkabout , '' of his own -- that he leaves loose plot ends all over the place and when he does n't think that the audience has `` gotten the message , '' he clubs us over the head with it any way he can.The three leads , to be fair , are great , especially David Gulpilil as the questing aborigine . But there is simply no story here . The circumstances surrounding how the children got into their plight in the first place are so poorly drawn right from the start that you 're never engaged with who THEY are . They 're reduced to being stick figures in a landscape . And after about the 15th wide panaramic shot of the Australian desert at sunset , sunrise , midday , whenever , after seeing the 22nd dead animal carcass on the desert floor swarming with maggots , after the 3rd or 4th contrasting vignette showing `` pure '' nature juxtaposed with `` crass '' civilization , I was ready to scream , `` Get those poor kids out of the sun and BACK HOME !! `` Beautiful cinematography and noble intentions do n't necessarily make good movies . `` Walkabout '' is a good case in point .
 This movie is right up there with Killer Tomato 's . As a previous reviewer said , you do not know what the characters names are . The father is writing and making notes from a map then tries to shoot the children , ends up setting the car on fire and killing himself.If ever a book was trashed this movie director did it . Read the book please . In the book there is a plane crash , in this movie the father drives out into the `` bush '' the girl if she had any sense would would have followed the marks the car tires had made and made it back to civilization instead she walks the other way .
 OK , i read that the 1990 version had nudity , so i thought since this said it was in 1970 something it was safe , and than the rating said G , i had to fast forward at least 1/3 of the movie , and finally just decided it was n't even worth it , and just cut it off ! ENOUGH SAID .
 I just did n't get it . Extremely disjointed -LRB- what was the point of the weather scientists ? -RRB- Brief moments of brilliance , but all in all , almost as bad as 2001 . Definitely a film made for those who find satisfaction in suffering and pretending to have a deeper understanding of life .
 I ordered two of these DVD 's -- one right after the other . Neither one would play ... so I would rate the item as unusable .
 I bought this thinking this would be an exciting aventure story - it was neither exciting nor an adventure story . Most of the time was spent trying to figure out what was happening - kind of goofy . This was a great disappointment and waste of money .
 I hated this movie . I do n't think I got it . There were TOO many things that did n't make any sense to me - the weather balloon people , why the father killed himself , the hunters , the plaster of paris family , or why the boy killed himself . Maybe it was just too deep but I missed the whole point . My family just took away my renting privledges because I told them this was a `` masterpiece '' . Oh well .
 Got from Netflix and it not only would n't play , it crashed my Samsung BDP-2500 two times and crashed Netflix giving me message my account had been hacked and wasting my time resetting for streaming Netflix . I got the blue-ray disc from Netflix and the disc was n't damaged , it 's just a piece of crap master that screws up blue-ray players . Stay far away from this .
 One of the most reprehensible movies I 've ever seen . And I 've seen lots of reprehensible movies . For so many years , I waited for this movie to be available on home video . I saw it when it was originally released to theatres , and remembered it with such fondness . I was giddy with joy when I finally got a copy.The film now has that vaunted five or so many minutes of footage restored to it . None of the critics , who went on and on about the film and the great new footage , bothered to mention what that addition consists of . So I will tell you -- it consists of animals being brutally killed , skinned , cut apart , devoured . Which totally changes the aspect of the movie . One of the previews before the film has a clip from a review saying the brief amount of violence is necessary . Thus , the review does not apply here at all . It is an ugly , barren , cruel in the extreme film.Nicholas Roeg has managed to destroy the novel , `` The Man Who Fell to Earth '' and the story , `` Do n't Look Now . '' He is equally superb with this movie . The film itself is pretty lame as well . I must have lost some of my idealism since I first saw it . Or I must have grown past movies like this.To have Jenny Agutter moaning at the end , remembering the great days of her youth and the walkabout and how nostalgic it all was and better than the humdrum life she is now leading , is laughable . I 'll take humdrum any day of the week over almost dying in the wilderness , almost starving and thirsting to death , with flies eating the moisture out of my eyes . Come on ! You 'd have to be a moron to miss that.The movie tries to be profound , symbollic . The native finally decides his ultimate fate because , partially , he is sickened by hunters killing animals , without allowing them dignity in dying . This same native who just murders animals all over the place with such gusto and joy and bloodlust like I 've never witnessed before , is just slightly hypocritical about the whole thing . Agutter is a wonderful actress and is the only reason to see the film at all.I sat through the thing , looking , I imagine like Cletus the Slack Jawed Yokel , with my jaw dropped throughout . I could n't quite believe what I was seeing . It is , I feel , the job of the critic to warn us about certain movies , so we will know what we are getting into . John Canby did it years ago about a film involving extreme violence . It should have been done here as well . Believe me , if there was a choice of rating this no stars , I would do so .
 DONT LET THE OTHER REVIEWS THROW YOU > I honestly thought that the end credits were the best part of this movie . I thought that the acting was bad , the sound was horrible , there was no plot and there were quite a few tasteless scenes.I felt ripped off as the Criterion Collection usually has GOOD movies . Im sorry to say but someone goofed in picking this movie for the collection .
 This movie starts in Sydney . A teenage girl and her little brother live with their father . They do n't say much.In an unexplained change of scenery , they are out in the middle of the Australian outback in a Volkswagon Beetle . The father unsuccessfully tries to shoot his childeren , sets fire to the VW and kills himself , for no apparent reason . The girl and the little boy wander around , not saying much.Eventually , a teenage Aboriginal finds them , solving the food and water problem they have n't mentioned . He does n't speak English , so they do n't say much . They wander around some more . Eventually , the Aboriginal either dies of bordom or kills himself because he has realised what this movie is going to do to his acting career . The girl and white boy do n't say much about it and wander around some more.Mysteriously , the girl ends up back in Sydney . We do n't know how . We are n't told and we do n't care by now because we are so bored.There is so little script that we do n't find out the names of ANY of the caracters.Jenny Agutter is such an attractive woman , and such a fabulous actress , that this did n't finish her career . However , the director still managed to make her uninteresting , even with her clothes off.Like most Australian movies , this has good cinematography , and nothing else going for it . It helps explain why the Australian film industry can only survive by offering high income earners enormous government tax deductions to flush their investment dollars down the toilet . It also helps to explain why the public watch very few Australian movies .
 So I read about the movie on Amazon and checked out the top few reviews & thought - hey , my kids are 5 & up . We 'll watch this together to introduce our home study unit on Australia.NOBODY MENTIONED THE TERRIFICALLY VISUAL & HORRIFYING SCENE RIGHT UP IN THE FIRST MINUTES . Poetic ? I think not!Dad 's brand of loosing it means that he tries to kill the kids -LRB- all played out on the screen so you ca n't wonder about it - he tries to shoot them then lure them back & finish off the job -RRB- . When he fails to kill the kids , he blows out his own brains & lights the car and himself ablaze ! The camera does n't miss the gory bounce of dad 's blown out head bouncing in front of the burning VW . and `` poetically '' flashes back to that several times in the first 30 minutes or so.When the camera panned in for `` crotch stares '' of the aborigine 's bum & then captured the sister 's panties as she swung on the tree we clicked off . I had no idea what was coming next - another dead dad bounding in front of the burning VW , maybe a little Aborigine on School Girl lesson on the birds & bees ? I dunno.This is definitely not rated for a reason ... it 's not because of frontal nudity on the Aborigines checking out dad 's charred VW . It 's not for the girl in her bra washing clothes at the waterhole . Its for graphics we do n't want to explain to kids - suicide and homicide to start.Word to the mothers ... . Caution !
 My sister conned me into watching this . All six of the people who saw it absolutely hated it . We all have different taste in movies , so I can only assume universal unappeal . Really , what a waste of 2 hours!If you enjoy being beaten over the head with visual symbolism from your freshman lit class , because the director assumes you 're too stupid to get anything subtler than constantly intercut images , or if you are one of the `` people '' who enjoyed A Clockwork Orange , then you just might like this . That is , assuming that you 're also Australian , and really bored.Otherwise , I ca n't imagine why it got a single decent review.You 've been warned !
 Dumb , dumb , dumb . Walkabout made no sense at all . Very few lines were said , half of which seemed to be in another language and half of the rest in screaming so loud that it could n't be understood . The little annoying boy could never be understood at all , and the chick seemed to be that same way a lot of the time . Then , that stupid native guy came along and brought a bunch of naked tribe members along . That made no sense . Next came half an hour of pointlessness . For half an hour , the chick skinny-dipped , the native Australian guy went hunting , and the little annoying boy was a pain . And another stupid thing - why did they have a weather baloon launch ? It made no sense with a weather balloon being launched in the middle of a movie about people surviving in the Australian outback with some native wearing a thong . Oh - why did they show so many closeups of that guy 's thong ? With all that put together , I think this movie was about the stupidest thing I have ever seen .
 Father takes son and daughter out in the middle of the desert . For some reason that the viewer need not know , he tries to kill them . He fails . Sets fire to the car . Kills himself . The kids are stranded . So far , seems like a bad movie , right ? You know , get the kids there in the middle of the desert , somehow , no matter how plausible the situation . Why not have a giant kangaroo abduct them from their home and abandon them there ? I should have stopped the movie right then and there . Anyway , they find an aborigine -LRB- the only credible contribution this film has to offer ; a documentary following him around without those annoying Caucasians would have been much more interesting -RRB- , walkabout , and swim nekkid with him at the end of the movie . Obvious symbolism here and there . Little meaningful dialogue . Blah , blah , boring ! The acting is forced and amateurish . I hated this movie . And this is what gets me
 The previous reviewer wrote
 This movie got great reviews so I looked forward to watching it . I 'm an Aussie living overseas so like to watch as many Aussie movies as I can , and almost always enjoy them . This was the exception . There were just too many parts of the movie where the story line did n't make a lot of sense . Then there was all the 70 's `` artsy '' stuff which was a turn off . I will keep it in my collection but probably wo n't watch it again .
 Based on the generally positive , even enthusiastic , reviews from most professional movie critics , I expected a lot of this movie . Perhaps too much . And so , I was rather disappointed . It is a very interesting and beautifully photographed movie , but it has a number of defects that to a large extent ruined the experience for me.First of all , the movie script made two fundamental changes to the original book on which the movie is based , which are serious mistakes . In the book , the children 's father dies as a result of an airplane accident in the Australian desert . This is a very reasonable and plausible dramatic mechanism to explain and justify the fact that the children find themselves lost and abandoned in the desert . In the movie , instead , the father kills himself , with an apparent half-hearted and failed attempt to kill his children as well . This whole scene is extremely unpleasant and makes little sense since nothing is explained about the reasons that might have driven him to not only kill himself but also to condemn his children to a horrible slow death in the desert . Also , in the book the young aboriginal that helps the children to survive dies of a virus transmitted to him by the children . This makes sense since aboriginals had little contact with white people and therefore presumably their bodies have not developed defenses for many microbes carried by whites . In the movie , on the other hand , the aboriginal kills himself because the white girl does not respond to his mating dance , which seems extreme and not really credible.Another element in the movie I did n't like is that invariably all white characters are shown as highly unpleasant and even disgusting -LRB- the father of the children , the hunters , the Italian meteorologists , the company employee they find at the end -RRB- while all aboriginals are shown as very nice and good . I found this naive and simplistic.A final negative element is that the nude scenes of the children , particularly the beautiful 16 year-old girl , seemed somewhat exploitative to me . What was really the point of the long nude bath of the girl in the pond ? A much shorter scene would have made the point better .
 Received this DVD and it was loose in the box . It would not play . I returned the DVD to the address on the mailer . Very disappointed .
 beautiful shot this film looks amazing . interesting story . i just couldnt get past all the animal deaths . they were too much for me .
 I have long used this film as a benchmark of sorts by which to rate other films . In thinking about films and their failure or success , I constantly reference Walkabout as The Worst Movie Ever Made . It is frequently said that this title belongs to plan 9 from Outer-Space , but let me state the reasons why Walkabout it perhaps the worst film .1
 The DVD was on time and the right one , but the computer said it could only play on REGION 4 , the UNITED STATES is in Region 1 , Have to set the system up to play this DVD and then Reset it to play all my other movies .
 For all the hassle Drake has been given to Josh in their ownTV show , after it completed its run , who really got the last laugh ? Let 's check their filmography : Josh Peck - `` Mean Creek '' , `` The Wackness '' , and the `` Ice Age '' seriesDrake Bell - `` Superhero Movie '' , `` The Nutty Professor '' animated movie , and ... `` College `` The Bell has been cracked , and boy what a large gap it made . This is one movie that really made me angry , and had to down a couple of beers to drown the misery . It 's primary goal is to be as disgusting , mean-spirited , and heartless as possible , nothing else.But at least the movie 's advertisements did n't sell it as something else , because if the poster art of a guy throwing up in a toilet tells me anything , this movie has warning signs . If you can look at the film 's poster and find it amusing , and the thought of a bunch of teens pressured into drinking scotch drenching below a guy 's hairy bum made you laugh , then you 're going to like `` College '' ... and you ` reAndy Milonakis . Anyone else with even a hint of decency should just turn away and never look back.What I 'm suppose to believe is a plot has three high school buddies going on a college weekend trip to see if they can be accepted . Because Drake Bell got dumped by his girlfriend , all because he was n't cool enough , he 's using this trip as a chance to prove his worth . When they got there , they soon became pledges in a frat house of anarchy , and thus they pretend to be college freshmen to get laid . And nothing else significant happens , it 's basically a series of gross-out situations leading up predictably to the kids getting back at the frat house in the most outlandish , impractical ways . Situations regarding kegs , jugs , ` questionable ' toys , drugs , a clogged-up toilet , used condoms , sodomy , farm animals , vomit , bodily fluids , and Verne Troyer ; it 's one crap after another , there 's more crap here than Mr. Hankey 's family reunion.Jeez , this movie manages to make the Farrelly Bros. movies look safe for children . I do n't see the point in it taking the `` Underground Comedy Movie '' route , being gross for its own sake . They 're never funny at all , just unnecessary shock and awe . At least in otherlowbrowcomedies , it has likable characters to justify its vulgar behavior , but `` College '' does n't have that . The main characters are of the `` Superbad '' preset
 College paints the same tried and true portrait of drunken debauchery that high school kids love to watch , and while it manages to provide a little bit of laughs , it does n't end up nearly being as funny as it could be . Basically Superbad-lite , College tells the tale of a trio of high school kids -LRB- Drake Bell , Andrew Caldwell , Kevin Covais -RRB- looking for some fun at a college campus on the weekend . Running afoul of some frat boys -LRB- Nick Zano , Gary Owen , and Whitest Kids U Know member Zach Cregger -RRB- , the trio partake in the usual mix of hijinks that you 'd expect from this sort of thing , with a few laughs to be found to be sure , but not nearly enough to hold your interest during the film 's whole running time . It does n't help when our trio of heroes prove to be more annoying than the frat boys they 're taking on either . You 'll definitely see worse comedies of this type than College , but you know you 're in for a rough time when you get more laughs watching the DVD 's blooper reel than watching the actual flick .
 I 'm not going to go in detail on this movie like most reviews , cause this movie is so terrible that it does n't need to take anymore time from my life . Quite plain and simple , pass on this movie . It sucked BAD ! I ca n't explain how awful it was . It seemed like a k-mart version Super Bad . No wait , more like a Dollar Store version . Just plain crap . I gave it one star , because I could n't give it 0 stars . It 's so bad , it 's not even pirate worthy .
 College has to be the worst movie ever created . To take a movie that plays off the stereotypes that have been used time and time again is one thing , but to do so and make the movies a millions times worse , that 's just sickening.This movie has virtually no plot , except showing college to be one huge party with nudity , alcohol , cursing , and debauchery and about nothing else . The acting , I mean look at the names , is terrible . The driving force behind this film is ultimately shock factor ; that is , where can we place the vomiting scenes and excessive male nudity to receive the most number of cringes . I do n't think I laughed during this movie , but I did cringe a lot.The underlying romance is completely ludacris and bears no resemblance to real life . Three high school guys go down to a campus and score three college girls , like that happens every weekend.Some movies are bad but acceptable because you 're just looking for cheap laughs . This is n't one of them . This movie is so bad , in fact , that you will be hard pressed to find yourself laughing once . Unless you 're one of those people that still finds the inaccurate stereotypes of frat boys , sorority girls , nerds , punks , and fat kids funny , in which case , you 'd be too young to buy this movie anyway .
 Honestly , I 'm surprised the current direct-to-video headliner `` National Lampoon 's ... '' was n't above the title . Take three typical high school seniors , the fat wisecrack kid -LRB- think Jack Black & Chris Farley had a son -RRB- , the nerdy kid -LRB- played by Kevin Covais , American Idol 5th Season finalist who no one really took seriously -RRB- , and the `` normal '' kid -LRB- Nickelodeon escapee Drake Bell -RRB- , and place them in the same old story of spending their first weekend ever in the future college they wish to attend and all the equally stereotypical hot drunk girls and mean as Hell frat guys they encounter . If you 've seen Animal House , Revenge Of The Nerds , or any film that had some member counting on getting that scholarship and drunkenly blowing it badly , you 've already seen this film . However due to the changing times , the extremely high levels of nudity and sexual situations , surprisingly high in let 's say `` alternative lifestyles '' , will remind you why films like this today need that little over-the-top extra to even get mentioned in the same paragraph as those real college classics . But when it boils down to it , it does have a couple of laughs , groans , and guffaws , but nothing to make you really want to see it a second time . It 's disc has both the Unrated -LRB- that really , really pushes it -RRB- and a Rated -LRB- will anybody choose/see this version ? -RRB- plus a gag reel , half of which is already in the end credits ala a Burt Reynolds film . For a rent it 's not too bad , but the filmmakers here should go back a grade to see why college films succeeded so much in the first place without trying so hard to blow us away with gross-out jokes than actually well-written ones . -LRB- RedSabbath Rating :6.0 / 10 -RRB-
 Any guy over the age of 21 has seen this film 500 times , well I hope you have n't used your time that unwisely . The point , this story has been told over and over again , especially by National Lampoon.This is at best a 2 star movie if you put a teenagers hat on -LRB- as an adult it 's probably -10 stars -RRB- . It 's got the whole thing , drinking , fights , parties , jiggle , urination , and seriously fake college campus equiped with awesomely bad fraternities and sororites.The back story , three high school seniors visit a campus and pretend to be college students . They fake pledge to a fraternity , and they get three girls . In the end they get found out and the three girls fall in love with these kids . In the meantime , the fun happens.It is just stupid enough for guy humor . There is absolutely no relationship between this and what really happens in college.On a positive note , the shots are all in focus , the sound is reasonably well recorded , and the lighting is good -LRB- that ca n't be said for many many films , including huge budge films -RRB- . In it 's genre , it 's mid to bottom of the pack.The comparison to American Pie is really wrong . It 's probably just barely as good at the 4th Amerian Pie movie -LRB- they got progressively worse -RRB- .
 The movie was so scratched up it did n't even work properly . I know the item was used , but it should have worked . Bad buisness .
 If I wanted to see a rehash of Superbad , I could do two things :1 . Watch the original and indulge in every last minute of it over and over-or-2 . Hope they will do a part 2 , even though original is untouchable.The movie College , I 'm guessing here , was suppose to make Drake Bell into some breakout star and stear him away from the Nickeloden mole . Well he better luck next time and stick to what he knows best . I giggled a few times during this movie , all mainly because most of it was a total rip-off from its big brother Superbad ! Oh well thankfully I never paid to see this at the movies or on dvd .
 Wow , what a POS this dvd turned out to be . I actually felt bad for the actors that were in it . The storyline was horrible and laughable at the same time . All that being said if you must watch this I will give you a couple positives . They could have turned this into a whole season instead of just a hour and a half so be thankful for that . Also , not to give anything away something unexpected happens that really is a game changer . I liked the series and watched every episode but this was a joke and a half . Only dvd extras are 2 bonus scenes ... that 's it . You have been warned .
 Sara 's ordeal in this movie is ridiculous . I find it hard to believe she would fall outside the line of protection when her safety was the sole reason that a deal was ever negotiated for Michael and everyone to be exonerated . If Sara is n't safe , none of them are , and that 's the principle that ultimately undermines the peace and freedom that Prison Break has sought to conclude from day one.It 's somewhat fun to see Gretchen one final time , but her fate is more irritating than it 's meant to be . Michael 's fortune is the worst . He 's bypassed all kinds of high-security doors , floors , walls , tunnels and fences and in the end he ca n't open a single door without making the most horrifying sacrifice in the entire series . It makes little sense for Michael to be an amazing engineer and not be motivated to devise a backup for he and Sara so that he might live long enough to see the birth of his child . Basically , this movie spoils the television finale and creates a fugitive all over again . It should be completely disregarded .
 As a longtime fan of PB I had to pick this up when it first came out , unfortunately I was highly disappointed with the overall writing and ending . . to be honest it 's not worth collecting because the original season finale is sufficient enough .
 Quality and product was good . However the movie was not . I crammed what happened in all of a previous season into one episode . Everything that happened was just to crazy however of course it worked out except when Michael died at the end . They should have left it at the end of season four instead of adding on this last bit .
 This so-called `` movie '' is nothing more than the last two episodes of Prison Break that never aired in the USA , but did air everywhere else in the world . In a nutshell , FOX thinks fans of the show are stupid enough to let themselves get ripped off and be convinced it is n't disgusting to shell out DVD-Blu-Ray purchase/rental fees just to see something that they should 've been able to see ... FOR FREE !!! Why buy this when you can find it online and watch it for free ??? Do n't waste you money on this , folks !!! It is a total & blatent ripoff !!!
 C'mon , this was serious ? A DVD for 2 episodes that do not answer NOTHING?First , we ca n't see if Michael is really dead and , this was the worse idea EVER to kill the protagonist and `` hero '' of the show.Second , how Sara got her freedom ? She is a fugitive now ! 4 years of answers was said , and nearly 1 month passed in this episodes!With this DVD you murdered this fantastic series and destroyed the good memories . Everyone who really enjoyed Prison Break , will be pissed with this DVD.My personal recommendation is
 For the life of me , I ca n't think of another series that went from being SO good tom becoming so terrible . Season One was GREAT -LRB- except last episode was so so -RRB- . Season 2 , stupid . Season 3 started interesting in Panama -- but then everything fell apart and TONS of `` Big Clues '' went NOWHERE -LRB- Hello ? The Bird Book , the bricked-in Australian ? -RRB- . Season 4 was beyond stupid -LRB- Did the `` brilliant '' General EVER get anything right , beyond making empty threats like a 3rd rate James Bond villain ? T-Bag -LRB- brilliant in season 1 was adrift 90 % of the time in subsequent years -RRB- Sara
 Do n't buy this . it may not have been included in the TV run of this series but it is included in the last episode of the DVD season 4 . This movie is identical second by second of the last episode of the DVD season 4 .
 This is just an extra 2 episodes to show how Michael , the hero of the show , died . They can go to hell with these 2 episodes . The wedding of Michael and Sara lasts about 2 minutes . They do not even show them reciting vows . They posted a wedding photo online to try and sell this garbage to the Michael and Sara fans . I 'm through being manipulated . If Michael would have lived I would have bought it , but killing him off ruined the series .
 This is nothing more than the last 2 shows of the final season . I love the show but this does n't give u really anything for the money . I 've always enjoyed my purchases on amazon till now . This to me , is a rip off .
 This `` Final Break '' is the exact version as Season 4 's Episode 23 . Of course this film is thrilling ; I 'd give it a FIVE STARS !! Just realizing it 's the same thing with a different name and then I 'd have to pay for it ; is kind of frustrating.I love all the actors and plot is awsome!Thank you FOX for this great action experience !!
 First of all note , if you bought the `` entire series collection '' like I did , this movie is already included . It 's included in the last episode of the DVD season 4 -LRB- disk 7 -RRB- Second , I have so much negative comments about this DVD . Looking here on the reviews at Amazon , these following quotes -LRB- from other reviewers -RRB- are exactly the same as on my mind : '' ... No real answers to the missing 4 years , except to see Michael and Sarah marry ; and that lasted all of about a minute or two ... '' '' ... But what about the missing four years ? C'mon , this was serious ? A DVD for 2 episodes that do not answer NOTHING ? 4 years of answers was said , and nearly 1 month passed in this episodes ! ... '' '' ... Totally unconvincing `` trumped up '' charges against Sara was extremely dramatically unsatisfying ... '' '' ... If we just consider that the whole team was given full immunity for getting Scylla back , this edition is utterly absurd and an insult to the show 's fans ... '' '' ... Everything and everyone , appear to be tired , bored , unconvincing , no longer having much fun ... `` We were all promised to get answers to many questions that happened in the mean time of the `` FOUR YEARS LATER '' in season 4 . Answers to what happened with Gretchen -LRB- Anyone knows ? Me neither -RRB- . And many others!At the end of season 4 , I was happy to see the return of Sucre , C-note , and Kellerman . But there is still a lot missing ... I 'd love to see
 Totally agree with Nora Lamy.If we were supposed to just get a rush from the wild ride on the roller-coaster of this plot and series then the ending was like slamming into a concrete bridge abutment at 90 miles an hour!There is no logical reason that after all the sweat and tears , that there could not have been a happy ending . Yes , this was a skillfully crafted work , but it makes this viewer wonder now if it was worth the investment in my time and money !
 I bought this DVD in the hope that the writers would redeem themselves after that awful series finale and show us that Michael had to fake his death somehow but is enjoying life with his family after all . Boy was I wrong . It just brought back all the frustration I had after watching the series finale . The writers totally got it wrong AGAIN !
 a total waste of time and money ; no real answers to the missing four years except to see michael and sarah marry ; and that lasted all of about a minute or two . okay , and we got to see how michael really died ; but what about the missing four years ? we did n't see michael 's burial in the movie but we saw the grave in the season finale . there was no wrap up of any kind ; but i guess they have four sequels if they want to try and keep it going as a movie . the show started out so good and i 'm a huge fan but it was starting to get ridiculous especially during the 4th season . and come on the `` final break '' was getting sarah out of prison ? there was little point to the movie ; they could have squeezed what little the movie had to offer into the final tv episode . i could have done better
 As usual , the writers spent minimal effort with creativity - although I have been a fan of the series since day one , I was a bit disappointed with this mini movie - they could have made a season out of it -LRB- are n't they pros at stretching ? :--RRB- -RRB- . Perhaps it was a nice way to explain a few things ; however , I felt a separation from the regular episodes and this feature film . The acting was ok and it felt more like a reunion show . I think it is still worth seeing -LRB- who ca n't live without those 3 seconds predictable twists ? -RRB- . If you are a die hard fan go for it , otherwise wait for FOX to air it - for once , I think it was pretty much right on the money . Spoiler alert
 loved prison break , once upon a time . me and my girlfriend watched this and as soon as it was over we just laughed at how horrible it was . we could n't decide which was worse , the acting or the script . even if u are a fan of this show there is really nothing noteworthy here , and definitely NOT worth $ 20 , heck not even worth $ 5 .
 Sadly , the Prison Break series which started with a bang but kept slowly sliding downhill from the peaks of its glorious First Season , ends lamely with a double whimper . The Final Break is the second and final ` end ' and , truly , nothing but what were meant to be the last 2 episodes of the series.I wish I could say that The Final Break at least stays true to the standards set by the ` seasoned ' episodes but the viewing feels more like the series death by exhaustion . By the time we reach this final break , Sarah 's - I 'm not revealing anything that 's not on the blurb printed on the back of the movie 's case - everything and everyone , appear to be tired , bored , unconvincing , no longer having much fun . Yes , many of the old characters are back and we get to see the insides of a women 's prison but , to borrow a line from an old commercial , this addition is ` less filling ' without tasting that great . What in the previous episodes and in the early seasons was so outrageously impossible most of us would willingly suspend disbelief and have fun watching the escapes and plot twists is now almost ridiculously impossible and I found it impossible to relate to the characters any longer . I watched The Final Break with detachment , frequently checking the ` remaining time ' counter . When it all ended , the feeling was of relief for it all being over . Finally.Concerning the Blu-ray release : - Once the disc begins play , you are greeted by what seems to be more than half a dozen -LRB- did n't count them -RRB- promos for some mediocre series and movies including some available on DVD only , not on Blu . You 'll have to repeatedly ` skip ' to get out of this inconvenience because you ca n't escape by pressing the ` menu ' key . I hate when ` they ' are trying to force us to watch their commercials after we actually pay for their product . This shows disrespect for the customer . - The picture quality is consistent to that of the ` regular ' TV episodes - it 's ` good ' . - There is only one sound track option but the sound setup , interestingly , is part of the Setup menu - and you get to choose one out of the only one option available - the impression the ` menu ' leaves is that all was thrown out to us , the indiscriminate ` consumers ' very much on the cheap . - The ` extras ' are made off 2 -LRB- two -RRB- deleted scenes and nothing else . - The plastic case has some strange perforations/holes that probably make it more likely to break and whose reasons is difficult to understand other than maybe saving a penny or two on plastic.That 's just about it . Both my wife -LRB- a huge fan of the series -RRB- and myself are glad it 's over . We are very likely to watch Season One and maybe some of the seasons that followed again but I ca n't see us re-watching The Final Break or the last few episodes of the last season .
 this was nothing but a repeat of the last episode of season 4 . i saw that for free on netflix but was hoping this would be something more since she was broken out in one day . apparently not . i searched for season 5 and this popped up and before looking at the details i purchased it . my fault for not looking at the details but still a rip off . $ 15 for an episode that i already saw on netflix for free .
 i am thinking this is not a divided Season 4 set but the 2 additional episodes that have been taped post-Season 4 . It will probably be a 2-hr movie event although an air date has yet to be scheduled by Fox .
 As a disclaimer , I 've never seen the tv show . We rented this as a stand alone . The plot was trite and unbelievable , full of people doing things that no person would ever do . Plus the lame , cliched bull dikes on steroids routine in the `` Bitchs ' Wing '' of the prison . Even fast forwarding through much of the appalling dialogue was n't enough to keep this show painfully dragging for what seemed hours .
 In the `` Prison Break '' series , two brothers , whose only resemblance to each other is that neither seems to have more facial muscles than that of a chalkboard , must break out of prison -LRB- and thus , the clever series title -RRB- while trying to take down a nefarious organization called the Company -LRB- I find it ironic how Rupert Murdoch television series like `` Prison Break '' and `` 24 '' like to cast as its villain a mighty mysterious corporate power -RRB- . In this final prison break , the two brothers must break out the series ' heroine from a women 's correctional facility , which is probably only slightly harder than trying to break out of Central Park.The first season of `` Prison Break '' was entertaining because the series was so stupid that it just could n't see how stupid it was . First , it made prison seem like a sandbox -- in fact , the sandbox seemed scarier and more insane than Fox River prison . Second , all the characters just played to stereotype , except for the star , who never could seem to get over how lucky he was to get cast in a major television series with no acting ability whatsoever -LRB- such a statement could apply to Dominic Purcell , but I was referring to Wentworth Miller -RRB- . But , despite its stupidity , absurdity , and mediocrity , it was held together by a certain nifty cleverness -- I mean , the entire escape plan was tattooed on the guy 's body.This nifty cleverness died out by the end of the first season , and I just stopped watching `` Prison Break '' . Its final episode is the product of a cast and a crew who are all just bored and tired . In the final scene , Michael Scofield , the series ' star , tells us that we are free . With the series dead and never to be resurrected , the brothers can achieve their true calling and go voice Saturday morning cartoons , and we the audience are ... free , at last -- free , at last .
 This so-called `` movie '' is nothing more than the last two episodes of Prison Break that never aired in the USA , but did air everywhere else in the world . In a nutshell , FOX thinks fans of the show are stupid enough to let themselves get ripped off and be convinced it is n't disgusting to shell out DVD-Blu-Ray purchase/rental fees just to see something that they should 've been able to see ... FOR FREE !!! Why buy this when you can find it online and watch it for free ??? Do n't waste you money on this , folks !!! It is a total & blatent ripoff !!!
 ****** SPOILERS ********* SPOILERS ******** SPOILERS ******* SPOILERSAfter watching Prison Break Season 4 , I had no desire to watch this 2-hour addition , but I just wanted to complete the circle.I have read that this was made because the network gave the ok for 2 additional episodes after announcing the show was canceled.This `` sequel '' -LRB- it covers a short period between the moment the team gives back Scylla and the 4-year anniversary of Michael 's death -RRB- , shows how Michael breaks Sarah out of a woman 's prison.If we just consider that the whole team was given full immunity for getting Scylla back , this edition is utterly absurd and an insult to the show 's fans.I gave it 2 stars because the actors continue to give strong performances , because it is more in line with the fast pace rhythm of Seasons 1-3 , and because it tried to give some solace to the many fans who were devastated by Michael 's death ; by showing that he died honorably , of his own choice , by sacrificing his life for Sarah 's freedom.I am one of those fans who was very upset with the fact that Michael was killed off in Season 4 , but I can accept that sometimes there are creative decisions that fans may not agree with.If Season 4 , including this Final Break would have been intelligent , not so full of inconsistencies and ridiculous story lines ; I would be more willing to accept Michael 's death . I think many fans are disgusted because to add insult to injury , the writers gave us an unrecognizable Prison Break in Season 4 -LRB- see my review -RRB- ; and a 2-hour sales pitch to the network for doing a show on a woman 's prison , with this Final Break segment.I feel cheated by the writers , not because they did n't give me a happy ending , but because they gave me a stupid one in this Final Break and Season 4 fiascos , after creating one of the best shows of television history .
 Plot has plenty of holes ... does n't pass any reality/common sense test at the basic levels . I wo n't give the plot away , but only say that it is bad enough to spoil the movie . They could 've done much better with only a little bit more effort.Fortunately , Amazon allows resellers ... I sold my copy immediately after watching ...
 If you 've seen the end of Prison Break 's Season 4 , you already know how things turned out . This add-on , composed of two episodes that were n't aired in the U.S. , fills in the gap.If you 're a die-hard fan who enjoyed Season 4 , this is for you . If you thought the series went downhill in Seasons 3 and 4 , you might want to see this anyway , but you might want to rent it rather than buy it.The story is as contrived as the rest of the series , but with everything pressed into 90 minutes of action , it goes by so fast you ca n't really enjoy it . Season 1 might have been this bad if it had been only 90 minutes long.The story opens with the wedding of Michael and Sarah . Two minutes later , at the wedding party , Sarah is arrested for murder . You can take it from there.It 's watchable , but since you already know how it all turns out , not that exciting .
 This is the worst video that I 've experienced . It 's what happens when video making becomes democratic . She lingers on a rat , yes a rat , in Venice . We watch her wash her cloths . They visit an Etruscan burial site , and act like teenagers at a horror movie for several long minutes . It 's just really long with very little useful information . I want my money back .
 I bought this despite the fact that it had only 1 one-star review , thinking that maybe the other reviewer had too little patience for it . I was definitely wrong . It 's really that bad . I think these people just took a home video camera along to Italy and filmed themselves talking in front of monuments . It seems totally unscripted , in a bad way . I rarely take the time to write reviews , but at $ 3.99 I feel like I should warn others . I 'm an avid traveler -LRB- about 30 countries so far at age 28 -RRB- and I love documentary films , especially about other places . This is just bad .
 I watched this movie out of curiosity about Jean Harlow , and I kept watching hoping that it would get better ... well it did n't .
 Jean Harlow was an A picture star for MGM who filmed with Clark Gable , Spencer Tracy , and William Powell . No mention of them in the film . Here , she 's just a bitchy B picture star for Majestic Studios , holding her professional virginity from a B cowboy star played by Mike Connors and making her queer husband Paul Berns -LRB- Peter Lawford -RRB- impotent . The real Jean Harlow had more dignity in her pinky finger than the character Carroll Baker portrays with her usual display of hysterics granted by a trashy script .
 I love Carroll Baker , even though she could never match the real Harlow , but her best films are the ones which did n't receive as much press as those produced by Joseph E. Levine prior to their famous falling out and her getting blackballed in Hollywood and forced into making giallo and zilch films in Italy such as `` Paranoia '' and `` Orgasmo '' -LRB- oh wait , I think those were the same move -RRB- . Much better than `` Harlow '' and `` The Carpetbaggers '' are `` Sylvia , '' `` Baby Doll , '' `` Station Six - Sahara , '' and even `` Something Wild , '' which is an odd , downbeat film directed by her then husband.Though this film is fun to watch thanks to the cast , sets and Edith Head gowns , it does a real disservice to the real Harlow by perpetuating false myths about how the great star lived and died . This goes from the minor facts to major issues in Harlow 's life . In one scene , Baker as Harlow even says her platinum blonde hair was real ! In other major omissions , it basically says that Harlow was a virgin who saved herself for her marriage to Paul Bern -LRB- which was in reality her second marriage -RRB- and then never married again -LRB- which omits her later , third marriage to MGM 's lead cameraman Harold Rosson as well as her later affair with William Powell -RRB- . But the worst offense is that it perpetuates all the false facts which were memorialized by Irving Shulman in his bestselling biography which was fueled by Harlow 's former agent , Arthur Landau , including amongst the major lies
 What was Paramount thinking ? As a true Harlow fan this trash is complete fiction ! Baker looks nothing like Harlow . In fact she was in her mid 30 's when she made this film . The real Harlow died at 26 . It is chock full of fictional characters . The only redemption it holds is Angela Lansbury , a great actress who can give class to even the worst drivel and this film takes the grand prize ! I saw the other version of Harlow starring Carol Lynley and even though it was cheaply made and highly fictionalized it is better than Baker 's version .
 I wondered if the director did any research on Jean Harlow 's life before making this movie . There was a lot of important details that were left out . She did not die of pnemonia , her mother was a freak who did n't believe in doctors and there was no mention of William Powell , her fiance at the time of her death . Do not rent this film ! Rent of one her actual movies ! She was a true movie star !
 I know I was . This movie is a horrid mess . Made no sense . Just throwing pies in the face . The movie was a total dump . If you want to see a Harlow bio watch Bombshell the one she done herself . Not this mess .
 Jean Harlow was one of the most beloved stars of the 1930s , and her early death at 26 shocked Hollywood . This film is an attempt to cash in on her fame , and is therefore a curiosity to fans , but it is certainly no loving tribute.The film starts out decently enough . Jean Harlow -LRB- Carroll Baker -RRB- haunts the studios looking for work , and getting very little of it . She wanders onto the set of a western one day at lunchtime , hoping to fall into a meal , and she meets agent Arthur Landau -LRB- Red Buttons -RRB- . Landau is looking for a client to represent , and Harlow seems perfect , so despite having to take quite a few risks , he asks to represent her . Mogul Richard Manley -LRB- Leslie Nielson -RRB- takes an interest in her and gets her work in slapstick comedies , but drops her when she refuses to become another conquest on his wall.But at least now she has her foot in the door . With her publicity as a wisecracking sex symbol , she becomes a big star , but there is something she is aching for despite her success . After a talk with Mama Jean -LRB- Angela Lansbury -RRB- about her love life with Latin lover Marino Bello -LRB- Raf Vallone -RRB- , she decides that what she needs is to be seduced . She hopes to find passion with Paul Bern -LRB- Peter Lawford -RRB- , but discovers on their wedding night that he is unable to perform . His suicide leads her to seek solace in any man 's bed , and after a night of drinking and sex , Harlow sleeps on the beach . This gives her pnuemonia which causes her untimely death at 26 . How wrong can a movie get ? Harlow began as a rich girl , with no need for fame , but her mother pushed her to become a star . Once famous , she became everyone 's kid sister , the girl who everyone looked out for . She was married before she achieved fame , so she was by no means a virgin when she met Paul Bern . In fact , some people who believe that Bern was impotent claim that she knew about his shortcomings and married him for them to escape being pawed constantly . However , there are serious doubts about the impotence claims ; Bern had a common law marriage for years before coming to Hollywood . And the idea that Harlow became sex-starved and that this affliction led to her death is preposterous ! She died because of kidney failure due to uremic poisoning , a condition that was hard to detect in the middle 1930s . What is even more shocking is that this film suggests that Harlow 's career was waning toward the end of her life , which could n't be further from the truth . She was still the bright star that she was at the height of her fame , which is why her death rattled the world.It is funny that it was not Harlow 's own studio of MGM , but rival Paramount that made this film . Was there some underlying animosity there ? Perhaps . What is clear is that someone somewhere involved had little regard for Harlow 's memory and was n't very disturbed by tarnishing her reputation . They also ignored the time period . Baker 's hair is of a 1960s style , the music is anachronistic , and the money used is modern . This film is only worthy of seasoned Harlow fans who are just curious .
 I remember Jean Harlow -LRB- 1911-1937 -RRB- as a vibrant , vivacious , spirited comedienne who could easily hold her own on screen opposite such actors as Wallace Berry , Clark Gable , and Spencer Tracy . She is nowhere to be found in this movie . `` Harlow '' -LRB- 1965 -RRB- unfortunately lives up to its notorious reputation as one of the worst biopics of all time . The movie functions as a prime example of both the best and worst of 1960 's cinema schlock.Carroll Baker earns points for giving the title role all she has to give . Still , that 's not saying much . The screenplay by John Michael Hayes -LRB- who also wrote the screenplays for such other bad movies we love as `` Torch Song '' and `` Where Love Has Gone '' -RRB- is such a tacky-trashy mess , it does n't matter if Baker is playing Jean Harlow , Baby Doll , herself , or any fictional platinum-blonde , sexy , self-destructive starlet . Angela Lansbury miraculously manages to bring some dignity and class to the thankless role of Harlow 's freeloading , sexually addicted , suffocating mother . But nothing else about this gaudy , garish production -LRB- sets , costumes , and definitely not Neal Hefti 's obnoxiously loud and inappropriate musical score -RRB- rings true . The movie has no sense of characters , time , or place , and ends up existing in an odd time-warp version of the 1920 's -1930 's meets the 1960 's . Are we honestly supposed to believe that Arthur Landau -LRB- Red Buttons -RRB- was such a saintly agent that he initially agreed to represent a desperate and starving Harlow for $ 1.00 ? Later , Landau tells her to get out of a movie contract by , basically , acting like a sexual tease . When Baker 's Harlow enters Leslie Nielsen 's -LRB- as a fictional , unscrupulous movie mogul based on Howard Hughes -RRB- outlandishly decorated house , she declares , `` I wonder if I 'm in heaven or hell . '' Oh , you 're in celluloid hell , honey ! An enraged Nielsen rips her Edith Head gown , throws her on his bed , and finally dismisses her as a `` sexual curiousity . '' A hard-working Harlow eventually lands a better contract at Majestic Studios -LRB- headed by Martin Balsam in a fictional role based on MGM 'S Louis B. Mayer -RRB- and a star dressing room . A fictional actor portrayed by Michael Connors instantly enters and declares , `` Welcome to the velvet prison . `` After the mysterious suicide of her second husband Paul Bern -LRB- portrayed here as her impotent first husband by Peter Lawford -RRB- , the real-life Jean Harlow consented to a studio arranged marriage to her friend Harold Rossen , a cinematographer at MGM . After their divorce , she settled into a loving relationship with actor William Powell . Her career was going well and she was well-liked by her co-stars and the public at the time of her untimely death from kidney failure at age 26 in 1937 . The movie completely ignores all of this . After Bern 's suicide , Baker 's Harlow looks for love in all the wrong places and in all the wrong ways ; including throwing herself at her stepfather -LRB- Raf Vallone -RRB- whom she always hated ! Baker 's thoroughly fictional Harlow ends up an alcoholic has-been . She is eventually discovered , looking like pure hell , on a beach . Shortly thereafter , she dies of pneumonia , with Lansbury and Buttons , weeping at her hospital bedside ! Buttons says the ridiculous end lines , `` She did n't die of pneumonia . She died of life ! '' This should be sad , but `` Harlow '' is laughable Hollywood hokum from beginning to end .
 ... this is a movie based on a ficticious biography by one of Harlow 's first agents and thus , an inaccurate depiction of Jean 's life . If you want the real story on Jean Harlow , I suggest you find two recent biographies written about Harlow within the last 5-6 years ; They dispell all the myths and get to the truth . A movie was to be made in 2000 based on one of these books , but it has n't happened yet . So , in the meantime , enjoy this 1960 's escapism movie for the outlandish sets , great wardrobe and lots of soap opera drama ... but , do n't take it seriously because of its inaccuracy . But I will say Carroll Baker , Peter Lawford , and Angela Lansbury do the best they can with what was given them .
 Whoever wrote this junkyard of a film should have been permanently barred from writing a film script ever again . Every aspect of Jean Harlow 's life has been fictionalized and/or invented . The only Harlow in this film is the title , otherwise it has absolutely nothing whatsoever to do with Jean Harlow , her life , and her eventual tragedy and death . The platinum wig is a rip-off of Marilyn 's hair style in the unfinished Something 's Got to Give and does not resemble at all Harlow 's signature do . As a matter of fact , this film seems to have a Monroe fixation . The costumes , fabulous as they may be , are not authentic thirties . Edith Head most definitely does not give good Head here ! Anachronisms abound and nothing is period , least of all the music , jazzy sixties stuff , which has nothing to do with the twenties or thirties , but sounds totally like it was written for another film and ill inserted into this hallucination . There is a technical problem with the music track , which is deafeningly loud and hiked up several decibels higher than the dialog track -LRB- see my review of Where Love Has Gone for more details -RRB- . My main reason for viewing this film was the magnificent Angela Lansbury whose work I always try to get my hands on . I was sadly disappointed , as she is merely a decoration here and is given absolutely nothing to do throughout the entire film . Still , she manages to outdo the material and shine brightly in the death scene , her sole moment of glory in this convoluted crap . Red Buttons , who has much more screen time than Lansbury also manages to turn in a fine performance , but surprisingly , the most memorable turn comes from Raf Vallone as Marino Bello , a role so badly written that the viewer never knows whether Marino is a devil or a saint , a doting stepfather or a gigolo , an illiterate , opera singing Italian or a shrewd businessman . Credit must be given to Vallone for managing to make a human being out of a cartoon character . This multiple personalities syndrome also applies to the Harlow role as written , and we are presented with a woman who is supposedly a virgin but who has a sexual sewer for a mind and is constantly craving to be ravaged by every man she meets , who is both a victim and a tormentor , who both adores and despises her mother , who abhors her stepfather but wants to have sex with him , who is barely literate or verbal yet comes up with deliciously witty venom worthy of the most vicious drag queen when being interviewed by the press ... the list goes on and on . With writing like this can anyone actually blame poor Carroll Baker for looking and sounding absolutely miscast ? No actress in the world could have made a human being out of the platinum Barbie doll this script makes of Jean Harlow . This is a sorry mess and you would do well to stay away from it . On the other hand , if you love so-bad-it 's - good campy trash &agrave; la Valley of the Dolls , then this is the perfect film for you.PS - Arroz Con Mango is a Cubanism meaning a big mess , chaos , or confusion .
 I ca n't really say much good about this movie . There are a couple of moments in it worthy of a chuckle or two , but I generally feel that it falls more into the `` stupid '' category . I am giving it the benefit of the doubt with 2 stars instead of 1 . Note that my review only regards Billy Madison , not Happy Gilmore , as Billy Madison is the one Amazon offered me the chance to review . Happy Gilmore was the better of the two in my opinion , however .
 You 'll already know 95 % of the movie when you watch the first ten minutes . This is when Billy 's father promises him inheritance to his hotel chain if he can sit through grades 1-12 for 2 weeks each . Billy is an adult in his late 20s who acts even less mature than any of the kids he goes to school with , yet he still gets drunk and loves porn like a man of his biological age . There is another man , Eric , clearly more mature and experienced than him , who Billy portrays as a villain trying to take control of his dad 's company instead . But of course , Billy wins in the end.There may be a line or two in the script that is interesting , but aside from that , it 's terrible . How can a man who never studied seriously in his life spend only two weeks each to pass a year 's worth of information in every grade in school ? And how is a 24-week breeze through grades 1-12 supposed to show that a man is ready to become CEO of a successful corporation ? There 's a bit of a small twist towards the end but otherwise , the film was very predictable.Even though the plot is junk , at least the jokes should have been funny . But they 're not . There are plenty of funny comedies out there that are a little vulgar , but still good . This is not one of them . In fact , in the very beginning I thought that Billy might just be mentally retarded , considering the way he was acting , but it would be an insult to retarded adults .
 We have a couple Adam Sandler movies , one of which is `` Fifty First Dates '' . It is a pretty good movie.After reading some of the reviews on `` Billy Madison '' , we decided to try it . We were very disappointed.More than one of the reviews said something like if you just watch it for the humor , you will enjoy it.We tried , but it was just too gross and just plain stupid . Maybe we are too old and fuddy-duddy , butit was `` trashy '' to us ...
 I did n't find any thing funny about this movie . What 's funny about looking at dog doo and picking it up . Stupid . ` nough said .
 Billy Madison -LRB- 1995 -RRB- Adam Sandler , Darren McGavin , Bridgette Wilson , Bradley Whitford , Josh Mostel , Norm McDonald , Mark Beltzman , Larry Hankin , Theresa Merritt , D
 An otherwise funny plot is ruined by f-bombs and other inappropriate language . Recommend to those who find inappropriate language hilarious . Otherwise , do n't waste your time or money .
 I saw this one on pay per view and was really dissapointed . It was n't funny like I thought it would have been . The plot is very simple , being about a metally challenged man named Billy that needs to retake the 3rd-12th grades to be able to take over his father 's rich company . As I said , it 's simple and funny at first because you see a grown man in class with 3rd graders and so forth . But , then it just got really stupid . It had 3 hilarious jokes but besides that it was just terribly stupid and pointless.Here are the only 3 good jokes so you do n't have to rent this mess :1 . Billy says `` Tooodaaaaayyyy Junnnniiiiooor '' when a small boy in his class keeps on studdering .2 . Billy gets really mad in 3rd or 4th grade because of a story . In the story , a little boy gives up looking for his missing dog after only around 30 minutes of looking . Billy then says
 This movie was the worst and most disgusting movie I have ever seen . The cast was a nightmare . I ca n't believe that Adam Sandler would ruin his reputation by being involved in this movie . This movie made me sick , and should be erased from the market all together . And to top it all off , there 's a male principle that is hitting on Billy Madison . All in all , I absolutely hated this movie and I recommend never watching it .
 IM SORRY , WHOEVER GAVE THIS MOVIE 4 AND A HALF STARS IS JUST DESPERATE AND WILL LAUGH AT ANY STUPID THING OUT THERE ... THERE IS NOTHING GOOD IN THIS MOVIE . . JUST BECAUSE ADAM SANDLER IS IN IT , DOESNT MAKE IT GOOD . WHAT WAS THE BIG PENQUIN ALL ABOUT ? HOW DUMB WAS THAT ? OK , THERE ARE A FEW MOMENTS THAT COULD HAVE BEEN OK , BUT THE WHOLE MOVIE BECAME SO LAME , THAT THE FEW FUNNY AREAS CANT CARRY THE REALLY DUMB PARTS . . SAVE YOUR MONEY . . UNLESS YOU ARE 15 , THIS MOVIE IS JUST DUMB . . NO , DUMBER . . THAN ANYTHING ELSE OUT THERE
 This movie sucked . It was n't funny in the slightest . Sometimes stupid humor can have it 's charm , like in `` Dumb and Dumber . '' But this movie had no charm at all . It was so stupid I could n't bear watching it anymore and turned it off .
 You have to understand
 This film won five Oscars . I did n't care for it except a brief scene of Taylor 's cleavage .
 Sometimes a work of literature appears which is right for its time , but not for subsequent ages . This is one of those . I 'm not afraid of Virginia Woolf , but I am afraid that this is a very boring play . It is dull , long-drawn out , repetitive and wholly unedifying . Marriages are n't like this any more , if they ever were , although they might have been in the early 60s . The people are completely unbelievable , quite unreal . The production is extremely stagy , contrived , mechanical and clunky , although it 's obvious that a lot of work went into it . I never saw what was supposed to be so fantastic about Elizabeth Taylor , who seems to me a plain and dumpy little person and a mediocre actress -- at best . The dialogue lacks wit and imagination
 Husband and wife attend a faculty party -LRB- husband is in history dept , wife 's father is president of university -RRB- and get drunk . Walk home , drink some more , yell and demean each other . Wife mentions she has invited another couple over -LRB- at this late hour -RRB- . Other couple arrives , they all drink , reveal personal information , drink some more . Lots of yelling and derogatory talk . Love/hate relationship with first couple . They need a divorce.I found nothing meaningful in this film . It was quite unpleasant to watch .
 Some bad movies like Operation Eichmann have a certain campiness that makes them almost fun to watch . This movie has no such redeeming virtue . It is not just bad , it is bad in an arty , pseudo-intellectual phony sort of way . Granted the acting is good , given the circumstances . It goes on and on like a hangover or a bad joke with no humor or punch line . The characters are repulsive and obnoxious . Did I mention boring ? You feel the author is admiring his own pointless dialogue and certain audiences may find it profound because they think there is something they ought to be getting . There is not . SPOILER . You find out at the end the couple are fighting about a non-existent child they never had . At the conclusion the child is verbally `` killed '' so that the marriage can live . Who cares if the miserable marriage lives ? Do yourself a favor and have a root canal instead of watching this movie .
 Then watch this movie . If you do n't have enough marital discord and vicious fighting in your life , watch this . If you like scenes where two married people wait on the front porch while their spouses cheat upstairs -LRB- nothing graphic -RRB- , watch this . If you like watching people drink -LRB- actors drinking fake drinks -RRB- for 24 + hours straight with no other food or other beverages , and stagger around the yard mumbling , then this is the movie for you . If you like having to strain to hear what they 're saying , even better . If you love two hours and 15 minutes of unabated misery , in dismal black and white , then this movie is for you ! If you like feeling dragged in to their ugliness and feel ugly yourself when you 're done , then you will love this movie . Enjoy !
 I really do n't understand what so many people love about this film . It 's a death march . Unrelenting in its tedium . For the life of me , I ca n't understand why the young couple does n't just go home ! The film drags on the way the night in the film drags on and there 's nothing particularly interesting about the characters or the story .
 I 've never heard a bad word about this movie . After renting it the other night , I still do not understand what it means . Four people get drunk and mumble all night . Maybe this was a breakthough in cinematography in 1966 , but by 2000 , what 's the deal ? Maybe I do n't understand because I 'm 26 .
 I finally gave in and rented this movie since so many people rave about it ? I DID N'T find it revolutionary or darkly beautiful . I just think that maybe I `` do n't get it '' as one reviewer suggested . I find Elizabeth Taylor vile and I find myself wanting to slap her hard throughout the film . I simply lost interest in their rantings and -LRB- gasp -RRB- turned it off . For the life of me , I can not understand how someone could call this `` the best film ever made '' . They must have seen very few and/or poor quality films to make such a grand statement .
 Mike Nichols ' cinematic adaptation of Edward Albee 's `` Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? '' is admirable and numbing at the same time . It is admirable because of the impressive performances delivered by its four featured performers . It is numbing because of the nasty and inhumane behavior of the characters they portray.History professor George -LRB- Richard Burton -RRB- and his wife Martha -LRB- Elizabeth Taylor -RRB- return home from a faculty party at the beginning of a new school year . George becomes irritated when he discovers that Martha has invited a new professor over to their house for drinks . Nick -LRB- George Segal -RRB- and his wife Honey -LRB- Sandy Dennis -RRB- arrive soon after and are immediately taken aback when Martha starts to belittle her husband in front of them . As George and Martha feud over perceived disappointments in their professional and personal lives , Nick and Honey get drawn into the melee and everyone starts to fall victim to the verbal abuses flying through the air.Nichols effectively brings out the darker moments of marriage that typically surfaces when dreams and hopes are dashed . The atmospheric dread and despair that this film creates is suffocating . To classify `` Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? '' as a disheartening psychodrama would be an immense understatement . This film attains a level of despondence and misery that is all-consuming . The stark black-and-white imagery prevents soothing color from invading George and Martha 's world in the same manner that their contempt for one another prevents moments of happiness from entering their lives . Burton , Taylor , Segal , and Dennis are all magnificent . Yet , once the initial shock of the savage bickering wears off , the film loses much of its power because it never shifts into a higher gear . The thematic strands symbolized by the differences in the two couples - humanism versus technology , disappointment versus hope , old versus young - are not elaborated upon enough to produce any type of effective discourse . After everything is said and done , all you remember about `` Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? '' is the headache you had at the end because of all the yelling you had to sit through .
 I was appalled , but not surprised , to find that this Warner Bros DVD was almost inaudible when I played it . It 's got the same truly dumb Dolby Digital -LRB- only - no PCM -RRB- audio set up as for `` Blow Up '' and `` Death In Venice '' . They all offer `` 1.0 '' ONLY - and even then it 's at about one fifth the volume it needed to be.I can not believe that Warner Bros did n't see the clear logic that even a mono film should be encoded as 2.0 at the very least , but having the volume so low is not only totally inept - it shows complete disregard for the consumer . It is necessary that the volume of DVD 's be relatively uniform - otherwise pressing `` stop '' while playing this DVD on your DVR -LRB- with inbuilt tuner -RRB- might just see your expensive speakers die in one almighty blast of whatever televison channel it was tuned to.A good example of how a mono soundtrack can be used to best advantage on DVD in Dolby Digital is `` A Night To Remember '' - which makes effective use of both front and centre speakers -LRB- in 3.0 -RRB- . Many people these days will be hearing their DVD 's through surround sound systems - so why on earth would anyone design sound to come from the center speaker only?I 've no doubt that this is a great film - but my ability to enjoy it in this particular DVD format has been hugely discounted . Warner Bros deserve a good slap .
 This movie was acted with passion and talent , the direction and writing show genious , but would you ever want to watch it again ? No . This is a dark and disturbing picture of what a marraige can turn into when you let everything spiral downwards and yet it 's more complex than that -LRB- it definitely feels more like a play than a movie -RRB- . The funny thing for me was that no matter how horrible Elizabeth Taylor 's character , no matter how drunk , rude , and braying she was , and despite the fact she was looking older , I could still only look at her and admire how stunningly beautiful she was . I 'll admit this film had some merit , but I never want to see it again . I rank it in the same category as Vertigo and possibly The Country Wife - masterful yet too disturbing to want to watch over and over -LRB- although I would like to see Country Wife again if it ever comes out on DVD -RRB- . As far as the DVD goes , someone else already mentioned that you 'll have to turn your TV almost up to full volume because of the transfer .
 This DVD edition was released in 1997 , and the image quality is primitive , typical of many early discs . The widescreen side -LRB- yup , it 's one of those silly things -RRB- gives you a floating rectangle with black all around . You 'll have to use a `` stretch '' feature to make it cross the screen from left to right , and then it will probably be cropped on the ends . And then it 's horribly fuzzy . But the worst thing is that it is very contrasty , with the subtle and beautiful greyscale largely wiped out.The 2006 2-disc release looks awesome by comparison . If you respect the art , spend the bucks .
 I thought this was one of the worst movies I had ever had the misfortune to waste money on . It was very boring and all they did is argue throughout the whole part that I watched . I left in the middle of it . It amazes me that it could have won any awards . I ca n't believe Elizabeth Taylor would play in such a movie . Whoever gave it high acclaim has no taste . I have never watched it in its entirety and I never will . I do n't enjoy watching 2 drunks fight , how can anyone else . It had no story line worth listening to .
 Think of this as the touring company of the original production , and they just happened to have a camera on-hand . Elizabeth Taylor catches some of the outlines of Uta Hagen 's original performance , but only crudely , and without the sense of a desperate , vulnerable creature beneath all of the crude bluster . And just gaining weight and donning a fright wig do not a performance make . As George , Richard Burton bring a more serious talent to bear on the character , but he seems to share playwright Edward Albee 's illusion that George is a sensitive , superior creature telling necessary truths , instead of a vicious weakling who strikes at other 's vulnerabilities as a way to stifle his feelings of self-loathing and failure . As Nick , a smart fellow who may actually has something of value beneath his empty charm and predatory nature , George Segal is pleasant but suggests none of the intellect that would make him a college professor or the coldness that would make him the user that the script insists he is . Worst of all is Sandy Dennis as Honey . Melinda Dillon 's peformance in the original Brodaway production was a small miracle , as a woman of substance emerges from beneath a soft and giggly exterior . Dennis just plays the surface , and plays it badly ; shrieking and blubbering and generally getting on your nerves . You would never know from this performance that she was in fact a charming and gifted actress in films far less competent than this one.The competence was guaranteed by Mike Nichols , who had made a name for himself as both a performer of original comedy with Elaine May and as a skillful director of other 's comedies , from an off-Broadway production of THE KNACK -LRB- where he first worked with George Segal , who played the lady-killer Tolan -RRB- to the early plays of Neil Simon . His directorial debut shows that he had a good grasp of cinematic technique and vocabulary , but also that he had a tendency to use it glibly ; the film is full of visual echoes of more serious directors , but recycled as shock tactics and quick grabs for stylishness . This glibness infects Haskell Wexler 's photography , which goes for pockmarks on actor 's faces and flashy lighting effects . The script , by Ernest Lehman , is mostly a matter of rearranging a few scenes to allow for exteriors and blue-pencilling a few of the rawer profanities in the Edward Albee original . What 's lacking is the sense in the original that something profound is happening before our eyes -- that sense may have been illusory , but as the original-cast recording on Caedmon Records -LRB- now out of print , alas -RRB- makes clear , the right production was full of it . This smooth , compromised film never achieves a whisper of it
 I found this to be a very slow moving movie with characters that were not very likable nor identifiable with . The main character player by Viggo was such a sad character of a person , a total weakling , if it was not for his propaganda purposes , one could not see his belonging to the SS . He tries to be good to his friend but ca n't , he ca n't say no , he ca n't say yes . . just flowing along like a leaf in a weak current of water . Recommend ? Not really .
 One of the more boring movies I 've rented , could n't get past the first hour . Not crazy about English-speaking Germans , for one thing , but nothing about it inspired any interest for me . Also a low-budget production , all close shots , nothing that would have taken much time or money to put together . This is n't a problem for me if the story is engrossing and the acting good . Not the case in `` Good . '' Here , you sense a scene coming up -LRB- such as the parade , with distant sounds of crowds -RRB- that will require a broad shot , lots of people , a substantial view of city , etc. . Nope , cut to yet another close interior shot making it feel as though the whole thing was shot in some generic studio in Culver City with a few modest european street sets on the back lot . A real snoozer .
 The true story of the Nazi euthanasia movement has yet to be written , much less filmed , and `` Good '' does nothing to improve that situation . It confuses the euthanasia movement with the mass extermination of the Jews , and confuses the timelines for the development of both . It also blurs some of the major contributors to the program.Here is a much abbreviated version of the story - The Nazi euthanasia movement begins in the late 19th Century in the efforts of Americans to improve their medical training in the wake of the deaths during the Civil War . Flash forward to the 1880s and 1890s when American students went to Germany to be educated and came back to the U.S. to eventually head the prominent East coast Medical schools.The euthanasia movement in the U.S. and the mass sterilizations of the `` feebleminded '' was very strong at the turn of the 20th Century . The first law was passed in 1907 in Indiana . The German physicians were in awe of the Americans who took their theories and actually began to apply them.Flash forward to the post WW 1 German emphasis on the `` volk '' and the scapegoats for the loss of the war . Then in 1927 the US Supreme Court upheld sterilization laws . Oliver Wendell Holmes wrote - `` It is better for all the world , if instead of waiting to execute degenerate offspring for crime , or to let them starve for their imbecility , society can prevent those who are manifestly unfit from continuing their kind . `` Sterilization spread like wildfire in the US to the point where 60,000 + people were sterilized . The Carnegie Institution encouraged dissemination of this work throughout the world , but especially in Germany where it found most fertile ground . . It 's even quoted in `` Mein Kampf '' which was written in 1924 . The Rockefeller Foundation was spending hundreds of thousands of dollars to fund German research , including Dr. Ernst Rudin -LRB- who became one of Hitler 's right hand men -RRB- and Dr. Josef MengeleBack in Germany in 1932 an ambitious Adolph Hitler was making deals with every group he could for their support . The deal with the German Medical Association was to allow them the right to take a life.January 1 , 1933 . Hitler takes over and his very first act is to give the German physicians the right to terminate life . July 14 , 1933 . Germany passes the first sterilization laws , setting up more than 200 Hereditary Health Courts . Within 2 years 1 % of the population had been sterilized , half for `` feeblemindedness '' . The sterilization movement preceded the extermination camps , but the target was the same . As early as 1935 the issue came up -LRB- killing the `` life unworthy of life '' -RRB- , but Hitler was reluctant to do anything so severe during peace time , but it was clearly on his agenda when war came . In preparation , Hitler began registering all people with disabilities , assisted by IBM . With the outbreak of the war in September 1939 , the extermination of the feebleminded was authorized by Hitler in October . By August 1941 more than 70,000 people had been killed under the authority of Dr. Karl Brandt and Philip Bouhler -LRB- his character appears in the film -RRB- . To carry out these mass exterminations the Nazi devised various methods including legal injection , carbon monoxide gas delivered in sealed vans , and finally the gas chamber . As the numbers increased so did the targets , now expanded to gypsys , mental patients , relatives of mental patients , and finally soldiers who returned from the Russian front and were severely disabled.As the killings spread , opposition grew , and in the summer of 1941 there were major disruptions and Hitler announced the end of the extermination program . No sooner had the program been closed than the gas chambers were dismantled and shipped to the concentration camps , where their new targets were the Jews.Looked at from the POV of history , it 's clear that `` Good '' is a distortion of history . That being said , is it a good film ? IMO - no . Mortensen is not convincing as an academic , and since he is in almost every scene , this is a problem . Mortensen is a good actor , but his parts in films like `` Leatherface '' , `` Carlito 's Way '' , `` The Prophecy '' , `` Lord of the Rings '' , etc. are not exactly Ivory tower types . Indeed , if the purpose of the film is to expose the German academics for their complicity in the holocaust , the near complete absence of any feeling about academia speaks against the value of the film.There are many other problems with the film , including a poor musical score and jumps back and forth in time that can be confusing . But it 's not completely worthless - there are fine performances from Jason Issacs as a Jewish friend , Jodie Whittaker as a student , and Mark Strong as Philip Bouhler.It 's good to have films about the Nazis and the Holocaust , but they should be good films and they should try to adhere to history . As I said in my opening remarks , the true story of the Nazi euthanasia movement has yet to be written , much less filmed .
 Based on the title of this movie , I thought this wouldbe a good movie . The acting was good , but nothing washappening in the first three quarters of the movie.Perhaps the problem was that there was nothing new here.The movie consisted of cliche after cliche about Nazis.Yes the Nazis burnt books , yes the Nazis were tryingto create a strong nation with fertility programs , andyes they tried to euthanasia the weak and the crippledto reduce their health care costs to reduce tax burdenand create a stronger military , and yes they hadconcentration camps.After becoming part of the SS , the protagonist tried tosave his friend Maurice . But this plot was much betterdone with the movie Schindler 's List.The ending was so sudden that I was taken by surprise . Wenever find out what happened to Maurice.If you like movies about characters and their feelingstowards each other , than you could rank this movie twoor even three stars.Much more satisfying movie about Nazis is ` Inglorious Basterds ` with Brad Pitt -LRB- although very violent -RRB- . Granted I am comparingapples to oranges here , but that movie was ` Good ' , this oneis not . My humble opinion . : -RRB-
 WWII/Nazi based movies/shows almost always interest me and keep my attention -LRB- Saving Private Ryan , Band of Brothers , The Pianist to name a few -RRB- `` Good '' , however , was n't so ` good ' . Do n't get me wrong , Viggo is a great actor . It jumps around too much , and did n't explain enough for me , causing me to lose interest very fast . Everyone spoke too quietly , and it was kind of hard to understand them even with the volume up . The whole movie seemed to drag on a little too long , and did n't really pick up probably until he finally puts the Nazi uniform on , which is pretty close to the end . Just when I thought it was getting better and caught my interest , it cut off to an awful , confusing ending leaving me scratching my head asking `` what was that ?! '' I wish I read reviews before buying it . I thought it would be good , since these types of movies usually are , but I was n't satisfied . Unless your a die-hard Viggo fan , I would n't really recommend it .
 Slow dialog , bad acting , I really was looking forward to looking at this . I really do like viggo though . I was surprised how slow it was .
 I am quite a fan of military themed movies but I was n't mad about this one . It is set in late 1930s and early 1940s Germany and although there is a military element , there are no war scenes , it concerns events in the civilian sphere . The protagonist is a university professor who steadily compromises his principals to get ahead and make his life easier . This is a pretty good topic but it 's not explored in the best manner . Some people may have experienced this time in this way but some things seemed quite unlikely . Along the way his decisions and subsequent advancements are contrasted with the awful experiences of his Jewish friend.The settings and costuming were fairly impressive and seemed to be accurate for the period . It was all acted competently enough too but I did n't find myself connecting with any of the characters . Frankly I found most of them quite unlikeable . Everything is in English and first names are generally quite Anglo , so that makes it accessable for the general public but humourous in ways too - like the senior SS officer called ` Freddie ' . ` Good ' does examine some interesting themes but not in a way that draws you in - in fact I could n't wait for it to end .
 You know the drill
 I just opened the movie to watch it and the disc was so scratched that it would not play . I was so disappointed . Not sure what to do next .
 This movie is almost a duplicate of `` The Man from Snowy River , '' only done with a dragon instead of Stallion . It lacks so much , `` like when Jim rides his horse down the steep embankment and shows up at the bottom , rounding up the wild horses with his whip . '' Now that was a scene ! But alas ho-hum , they just could n't pull it off . They should have left this story base alone . Never try to make a B movie out of a Quality -LRB- Proven -RRB- film , someone will always be able to pick up on it.On the brighter side the dragon was a nice creation , I 'd say one of the better ones I 've seen .
 This movie had no real story to it . You have seen the same plot done several times . I found myself day dreaming at times and my mind wondering off while watching this movie ... I never really got hooked . I think the girl did a pretty good job in the movie . The rest of the actors were mediocre . Watch at your own risk !
 This review is coming from a guy that enjoyed watching Hercules and Xena . I am fine with corny . I went in with low expectations . The first 20 minutes or so looked promising . The scenery was pretty , the actors seemed decent ... but then things got bad.This story line is exactly like Man from Snow River . The plot , the characters , the scenes ... Highlander falls in love with a girl above him . Jim , Jessica , Matilda , Clancy - they are all there . This is more than generic plots we have all seen , I mean specific scenes and conversations are ripped straight from Man from Snowy River . The stolen mare , Jessica running away and Jim finding her and bringing her back , the scene where the truth about the mothers love comes out , the ranch hands picking on Jim/Will ... The first ten minutes and the last 20 are original . Not good , but original.The final scene -LRB- semi-spoiler , in case you could n't figure it out by the title the good guy slays the dragon -RRB- is really lame . No ingenious trick , no epic battle ... he just walks into the flames of the dragons breath , puts prick in the dragons mouth and ... well , then it cuts away and the hero wakes up next to the dragon 's body . He is n't burned so I do n't know how he got knocked out . This was a tiny prick , not some massive hilt-deep penetration to the back of the throat , just a little prick to the tongue . 2 hours of build up for that ?! With so many options this just seems like a disappointing climax . Maybe bring in the sexy heroin to conjure up something cool!The acting - with low expectations it was still only ok . The main actor runs funny . May not seem like much -LRB- and I do n't claim to be an awesome runner myself -RRB- but when you start laughing during dramatic scenes because of the `` hunky knight '' running then something is wrong . The three ranch hands were the most believable to me , but maybe that is because they were never required to stretch themselves.Overall - even going in with B film expectations I would rate it a D.
 I saw this two years ago at the LA Film Festival and how it got accepted begs further investigation into the vetting process at the LAFF . The name cast is wasted here , as the director and also only young actor pictured on the cover , has no idea what he is doing unless it looks good or involved a CGI scorpion plopped into the film just to make things `` cool . '' If you 're watching this to see seasoned actors in the limelight , you would be misled by the marketing on the jacket . It 's principally about the young actors bitchslapping each other and drinking in endlessly long scenes . Or , perhaps by now , it 's been re-edited , and the unnecessary takes of the young turks drinking and being so cruel to each other that you wonder how they managed to stay friends long enough to get involved in the heist coordinated by Robert Forrester have been trimmed so you 're not tempted to reach for the remote and fastforward to a moment when something actually happens . I wo n't spoil anything else for you , if you really are intent on watching it , but suffice it to say that , at the screening I attended , when the characters began to get exactly what they deserved , people cheered .
 You know from the long , long , long opening shot and the surfing music on the soundtrack that someone wants to be another Tarantino . It 's quickly -LRB- after the long , long shot -RRB- established that the theme is crime and that there is going to be heavy emphasis on dialogue . Problem is , other than the profanity there 's not much in common with QT 's dialogue or with his ability to weave and convolute his story and then make it all fall clearly into place at the end.What it does have going for it is Richard Roundtree , Robert Loggia and Robert Forster . Masters of their craft here . I 'm no expert on Roundtree 's filmography but this is his best performance in my experience . He should play real people rather than cool ones henceforth . Loggia is over the top and frightening . Forster is low key . I could listen to that gravel voice all day.Wild Seven is a reference to a Japanese movie the young criminals like to watch . There is a `` What goes around , comes around '' line early in the film . And people like to call this flick karmic . But I 'm with Roundtree who tells Forster , `` You are just plain selfish . '' In my book , this is a morality tale .
 I guarantee you , by the time the movie is over you will want to break the DVD in half . If you feel like your waiting for the movie to make sense or for things to get interesting , you will be suddenly surprised by . . CREDITS ! Yes it is indeed horrible , I am baffled how movies even get produced like this . The feeling I got from this movie was anger , when it ended I could not believe I wasted 2 hours of my life , gone forever . Stay far far away from this movie , its not even REMOTELY entertaining , I promise you that . As far as the other people who think this movie is good ? I 'm guessing they find watching mindless acting for the sake of acting enjoyable . . whatever .
 I thought this was one of the worst movies I had ever seen . I 'd give 0 stars if I could , and would like the two hours of my life back . The direction makes Uwe Boll seem like Scorsese , and the acting of the younger cast was simply horrible . It is an obvious Tarantino knock-off , and a bad one at it . The plot makes no sense and will leave you confused . Watching some of the veteran actors may be tempting but I 'd say avoid at all costs .
 Should there ever be a class of worse movies this movie will score the number one position . A ` no star ' rating is too good for this movie . Luckily I saw it on DVD , so I fast forwarded through the whole thing . My eyes and ears found my action extremely commendable . I wish I had read the reviews before I picked up this piece of trash in the movie store . As soon as I am through writing this review I am going to break the DVD .
 I found this episode interesting , mainly for seeing Leslie Nielsen earlier in his career . Shot in early bw video tape , the contrast is typically harsh and reflections saturate the vidicon camera tube . But , historically , a pretty neat little series to be able to watch
 Boring . No warning of what it might be like . Could of been a segment on the Twilight Show.If you just want to look at a tv show , it 's ok .
 My six year old daughter and I have loved every single Barbie movie , except for this one and the previous one A Fashion Fairytale . These two movies have been a complete disappointment in terms of plot , characters , and messages portrayed to little girls.The Barbie movies have become shallow and cliched . Barbie has become shallow and far too skinny and obsessed with clothes and fashion . Where is the messages about it being ok to be a Princess and still love science and learning like in the Princess and the Pauper ? Or the wonderful stories about true love and/or pursuing your dreams and being true to yourself?The animation has also gotten considerably worse in the last two movies . Barbie looks like she has a mouse head and has gotten so skinny in this movie she now looks anorexic , another poor message to be sending to girls.The only saving grace of the movie was that the cliches were so overdone and corny they actually made me laugh at the outrageous stupidity of the writers . Gloss Angeles ?!? Seriously ? Scenes from the Matrix ? Too cliche and not appropriate in a Barbie movie . Not to mention Ken acted like a ditzy airhead . I will never again buy a Barbie movie if they keep their current story writers . This movie was horrible .
 My four-year old daughter is the Barbie fan in the house , and she was excitedly anticipating the release of this movie after seeing a preview for it on A Fashion Fairytale . I actually loved the Merliah movie , and the Fashion Fairytale was pretty cute . I was shocked this movie was so much less than the previous two , and it seriously underwhelmed me . It reminded me of something put together quickly to fit a few key words , something maybe executives thought would appeal to little girls - `` fairies ! , Barbie ! , Ken ! '' The last two Barbie movies released have featured `` Barbie '' as the star of different movies , and that 's how they tie it into the older Barbie movies . Barbie only `` played '' Merliah -LRB- the mermaid in the movie before Fashion Fairytale -RRB- . Of course you are n't looking for plot and character development on a Barbie movie , but this one just should n't have been released . I doubt my daughter will want to watch it again . Her favorite parts all involved Ken . He had some funny lines , and his tiny wings were funny when they were buzzing like a house fly . I was n't pleased with some of the behavior , and even though everyone makes up in the end and become friends , it seemed to forget its target audience . The message seemed forced . And my daughter did n't like how they had changed Barbie 's voice , and altered Ken 's face from the Fashion Fairytale . Just poor all around .
 I have to agree with these other moms . I felt duped , and sad for my girls -LRB- 4 and 6 -RRB- who waited with such excitement for this movie . Apparently Mattel thinks a -RRB- that tween girls are a better demographic for Barbie - what planet are they on ? , and b -RRB- that tween girls are mainly interested in material crap and sniping at each other . I surely hope my girls , when they do get to that age , are interested in helping others , living with integrity and developing their own passions . I definitely am not going to let my girls watch any new Barbie movies if the purpose is just to present empty headed `` fashion-forward '' shoppers as role models .
 My 4yr old daughter and I are huge barbie fans and could n't wait until A fairy Secret was released . Having watched all the previous barbie movies serveral times we were hoping for another good story . A Fairy Secret is similar to A Fashion Fairytale in that this is a story starring Barbie as herself rather than telling a story . There really was n't an age appropriate plot as the story was basically about a jealous boyfriend stealing fairy . The movie did n't flow well at all . It reminded me of a soap opera the way the scenes transitioned between Barbie and Ken . Honestly Ken was the best part of the movie with his small wings and humorous lines . Also , Barbie 's voice has been changed . It is really hard to watch a Barbie movie without hearing Barbie 's voice . Overall , I was very disappointed with this movie and was very glad I rented first .
 First , Ken captured by fairies-it ca n't get any better than that . Her face and voice is really weird . I like her old voice better and her face is so different ever since `` Barbie and the diamond Castle '' it has n't been the same . How many times does Barbie need `` Plastic sugary ? '' Another reason why I did n't like it is because I 've seen enough movies with girls in black hair that are the bad girls . They was very offensive because I have black hair and so does most of my family . Of course the blonde is nice and perfect . -LRB- I do n't mean to be mean to the blondes out there , I mean Barbie . Sorry -RRB- .
 Of all the Barbie movies , this has to be the worst . My daughter watches Barbie videos endlessly . She was so excited to get this new one , counted down for months ... and then was so disappointed . She does n't even want to watch it a second time . The story is a bit of a stretch , meaningless , the `` animation '' seemed off , and Barbie 's newer voice is not our favorite . Stick to the other movies . Keep this one a secret . SHHHHHHH !
 This was the first Barbie movie my family watched . My 5 year old has been begging to watch it for weeks.This is one of the worst children 's movies I 've seen in some time . The theme -- mean-girl boyfriend jealousy -- is inappropriate for young children . The characters are too obsessed with fashion . It 's the 21st century ; surely it is time to move away from the stereotype that shopping is the only thing on young women 's minds . The writing and plot are insipid -LRB- `` Gloss Angeles ? '' -RRB- and the quality of the animation is poor . We 've not seen the other movies , but I 've read two of the books to my daughter ; they were equally awful . Mattel is ruining their Barbie franchise with these poor-quality products.Disney did a fantastic job with fairies ; both the movies and the books are excellent . I 've not seen the My Little Pony movies , but the books are readable and age-appropriate . Disney and Hasbro can produce high quality stories to accompany their product lines . Why ca n't Mattel ?
 We have owned this video for over a month , and it 's so bad , my 4 year old has only watched it once ! I agree with the other reviewers that state this movie is not like the earlier ones . Mattel needs to go back to the days of Diamond Castle and Mermaid Tale . The only good thing in this movie is that Barbie has to save Ken . But that 's it .
 My girls -LRB- 7 & 4 -RRB- look forward to every new Barbie movie & we have them all ! This was a rushed bunch of junk . The movies were getting Sooo good for a while Island Princess , Thumbalina , Princess & The Pauper even I liked watching them . Please get it together your viewers are young & they miss the singing & princess 's .
 Our family has seen , and enjoyed nearly all the Barbie movies . And we now ask ourselves , `` What happened ?!? '' `` Barbie A Fairy Secret '' is abysmal . My husband and I were giving eachother disgusted glances throughout the movie . It was the pits . It is nothing like the `` cool '' Barbie movies of yesterday . This one is a total turd of a film.Please do n't expose your children to this embarassing drivel . If you need to get your Barbie fix , just get one of the older movies and save your family from this garbage called `` A Fairy Secret '' . Why , oh why , ca n't we give out zero stars ??
 Pretty good lining of the show but the graphics were WAY to computerized . I wish they would have kept the old Barbie video backgrounds ... the ones that actually put thought into it and did n't rush through . There is not enough detail and the color is weird . The only `` new '' video from this change that was good was Mermaid Tale-Barbie . The last two stink ... seriously stink , we do n't watch after buying . Good thing we got a free Barbie with purchase from Target or we would have been even more bumbed . CHANGE the movies back if you want our business again !
 this product has not been received yet ... i gave it 1 star only because i had to give at least 1
 We own most of the Barbie movies and have watched them numerous times , but after this last movie , we wo n't buy anymore . Something 's changed in management
 I agree with a previous reviewer . This movie focuses on boyfriend/girlfriend issues and pure vanity - not what I want my 4.5 year old to watch . I liked the Mermaid Tale , Island Princess , Nutcracker , where the female is a strong lead . Too bad I bought this instead of rented it .
 What type of audience were they planning for with this . It is not kid friendly content , with a heavy emphasis on boy/girl relationships , stealing boyfriends , vanity , etc. . Even though the `` bad '' girl sees the error of her ways in the end , it is not worth traveling the road of inappropriate messages to get there . And did n't we already do a fashion/fairy theme with the last movie ? Not the Barbie our family loves . Were they trying to put out a quicky for the Easter baskets or what ? It wo n't be in my little one 's . Glad it was a rental , if I could get my money back for that I would !!!!
 Some Barbie movies are fun and even I enjoy watching them with my 5 yr old daughter -LRB- Swan Lake , Nutcracker , Three Muskateers -RRB- , but this one was not fun to watch . I do n't like the new trend in Barbie movies that focus on boyfriend/girlfriend issues and pure vanity -LRB- examples Barbie Diaries and Barbie Fashion Fairytales -RRB- . I like the old ones that had good music and a more innocent vibe to them . These newer movies have tween subjects but we all know the majority of viewers fall in the 4 - 6 yr old age range , so please keep them innocent and fun !
 I love Barbie movies , and so does my 5yo daughter . Most all of the movies have had very positive themes of friendship or honesty and I have felt this was a positive message for girls . However , it seems the Barbie movies are moving away from good themes and more toward entertainment value . There is still a message , it is just harder to find . The last movie , Fashion Fairy Tale and this movie Fairy Secret have been true disappointments . Additionally , the animation , voices , and overall quality have not been quite the same . My daughter does like both of these movies , however we have to sit down and discuss what the message is as it is just not apparent . I am disheartened to say that I will not be purchasing any more of the Barbie movies unless I read reviews that they are stellar !
 OK , I 've been a fan of the Barbie movies . Defending them to other Moms who say `` I would NEVER let my daughter watch a Barbie movie '' . I always thought they were really cute , good quality , and good messages . Well , in the last few years , Barbie movies have been going dramatically downhill ! Focusing so much on fashion and `` snobbish '' behavior . It 's what I imagine a Bratz movie would be like . Yuck.After Fashion Fairytale I decided I was going to check the next movie out before letting my daughter watch it . Thank goodness I got a free rental -LRB- elsewhere -RRB- on this one . I just previewed it . SO much worse than Fashion Fairytale ! I was willing to forgive the beauty-centered beginning , so I kept watching hoping the story would redeem itself . But it did n't . The fashion emphasis kept going , and going . Really ??? A shoe fairy 's strength depends on how fabulous her shoes are ??? And the other fairy has a fabulous purse and belt ??? That was it . Stopped watching , not going to let my 6 year old watch it ! That says a lot , as I 'm not the kind of Mom who edits everything my kids watch.I truly dislike the concept that your worth is tied to your fashion . I want to raise a strong , self-confident young lady . Not a self-centered , indulgent , anorexia-prone brat . I really do n't care at this point how good the story is , or if it redeems itself with a `` good message of friendship '' in the end . The whole tone/feel of the beginning of the movie is horrible .
 As if the last Barbie film which started off the ` New ' Barbie feel and look were n't enough . They go and make a SEQUEL to it with even more shallowness , product marketing , fashion brands and guess what else ?! Even more fashion ! With BUYING wings to make yourself a fairy!I was APPAULED with the Fashion Fairytale film and was hoping this would be a bit better , but no , it 's just as shallow and ` plastic ' like the last film.The ` Fairy ' idea was ridiculous . I do n't know why they are putting fairies into these new Barbie films , they are just annoying and catty and guess what ? Go shop at brand names ! And just seem to have nasty natures.There was so much wrong with this film . It was overall a mess with nothing at all likable about it at all.The real definition of a Barbie fairy is Elena , with a kind , caring and strong spirit.I grew up with the original Barbie films which I felt inspired by and which I felt made me a better person and taught me a good lesson . I 'm an adult now and I 'm upset at Barbie 's new pathway of appearances , boyfriends and nothing inspiring young girls . I felt as if the films went terribly downhill right at the Mermaid Tale film where the whole idea of ` purchases ' and ` buying ' started to surface.I could totally tolerate Barbie 's new plastic look and new voice if they would trash the whole superficiality of it , the annoying and catty fashion fairy idea etc and make it to do more with believing in yourself , following your heart and being brave and just showing good morals to children and making them feel inspired to be themselves and act their age.I feel overall that children are growing up too much . I 've seen reviews from children as young as 6 on websites talking about sex , vampires and saying it does n't bother them and they like it and do n't mind seeing it . And also writing up things like adults and overall just seeming like adults when they are n't . Then there 's the way young children dress and even have mobiles ! Even speak and behave like they are much older than they are . Even are fashion conscious ! -LRB- child pageants do n't help this really -RRB- I do n't think these movies are helping !
 Just picked this up last night , and really wishing I had read the reviews first !! It is not appropriate for a 4 year old , as the dolls are acting like bratty teans , rolling of the eyes , and cat-fights . Liked the dancing princess movie and others , but I ca n't think of any age this is appropriate for . Makes me want to stay away from any more Barbie movies .
 We have our own little die hard Barbie fan and the we usually oblige her as the movies are usually high quality , good stories with a moral or two thrown in and plenty of pro-girl/women themes . We `` ordered '' this from the Easter Bunny assuming it would be up to par , it is NOT ! This story is really horrible and the characters are incredibly flat and unlikable . There is also a lot of sassy talk and action -LRB- teenage attitude type of talk -RRB- . The basic incredibly boring story
 Begining with the very first title , my grand daughter and I have looked forward to each and every Barbie movie , anxiously awaiting the date it would become available . A Fairy Secret is our first disappointment!The previous movie had a ` hint ' of lost quality , but this one went off the charts for ` bad ' . The sound was almost ` tinny ' . the voices were weak , and WHAT HAPPENED to KELLY -LRB- Barbie -RRB- ? I assume the reason for changing Barbie 's face was to let the audience know that YOU admitted there was someone different behind her . Her face was gaunt ... she looked flat with no dimension to her ... none of the characters had any visual depth.Unless things not only improve , but RETURN to the original quality , we will not be purchasing any more Barbie movies . I can not express myself strongly enough to convey my huge disappointment in this movie.In order to keep this opinion from overrunning the page -LRB- if that is possible -RRB- , I wo n't even TOUCH the subject of content . The message was `` materialism '' . Are there new writers in addition to new voices ?
 We have four other barbie movies that I am quite happy with -LRB- both Mermaid Tales , The Princess and the Pop Star , and Princess Charm School -RRB- . All of those revolve around personal responsibility and friendship - this one almost completely revolves around boys , which I find completely inappropriate . I bought this movie assuming it would be similar to our others and it 's not the case - the girls are all brats , only care about clothes and being better than one another , and the whole plot is about girls fighting over a boy . Completely absurd for the target audience . I 'm waiting for a few days until my daughter is over the excitement of receiving a new movie , and then it 'll be going into the trash .
 I wanted a DVD for grandchild , when I found out it was not DVD , I could n't get rid of it .
 Do not like it nor does my 5 year old care for it . My wifes kindle was on one touch buying . It was accidently purchased or purposely by 5 year old .
 This film tried to capitalized on the previously successful Legend of Boggy Creek , and failed horribly . It 's nothing but a boring home movie . Other than a shot of someone prancing around a forest in a gorilla suit , the film has no perks whatsoever . Strongly not recommended .
 I do n't know about you , but if I were in church while the preacher spoke of God 's vengeance at the exact same time a huge earthquake began and tearing up said place of worship , to say I 'd be concerned is an understatement . Especially if the newly cracked earth below freed a prehistoric form of cockroach that , get this , eat ash and capable of setting things on fire . Not good when they make a habit of riding in the exhaust pipes of moving vehicles ... Alas , it will take more than a roach motel to rid of this pestilence , made all the more difficult when the local entomologist -LRB- fancy talk for bug expert -RRB- tries to breed the creepy crawlers with normal ones . That 's where I found the swan song for horror and gimmick legend William Castle to go a bit downhill . Perhaps I was more in the mood for your basic `` nature fights back '' storyline that the 70s were -LRB- pun fully intended -RRB- infested with , which looked like it was working its way towards being , until decelerating midway through and turning into more of a claustrophobic , psychological chiller . In other words , I think the end result would 've been more satisfying if the film had decided beforehand what kind it was going to be and stuck with it . An okay timefiller with a couple of good shock value moments , but mainly uneven . 5/10
 This movie is based upon The Hephaestus Plague by Thomas Page . This movie is produced by William Castle and the screenplay is co-written by Thomas Page . It is often a good thing when an author has some say in the screenplay , but this time it just did n't work.A small town is wracked by an earthquake and a local farm gets a huge crack in one of its fields . Large , roach-like bugs crawl out of the crack . They have the ability to create fire and like to eat ashes . Soon things are burning all over and a local scientist is studying the problem.Eventually the bugs are unable to survive by the scientist crossbreeds them with other bugs and gets bigger and smarter bugs that can still create fire . He soon realizes that they are intelligent and they start to communicate with him . But his plans for the bugs and their own plans do not mesh.I read the book before seeing the movie and I felt that the movie was more of a companion to the book . There are quick visual scenes that viewers will probably not understand without having read the book . Knowing the book helps the viewer tie the movie together properly , but without that knowledge , the movie just does not work all that well .
 I am of the sometimes misguided notion that most of the great films -LRB- and not-so-great films -RRB- were produced in the 70 's . That being said , most of the movies I want to see are not available for rent so I must purchase in order to view . Many times I 've been burned , and as a result , I have many DVDs that I 've only viewed once , or only a quarter of the way through . With BUG , I managed to watch the whole thing , but found it quite ponderous . Bradford Dillman was good -LRB- as usual -RRB- , but the movie dragged and dragged . The blurb on the back cover made it sound like it was going to be a typical 70 ' disaster film involving giant roaches . In spite of the plot taking the turn it did -LRB- Dillman 's character breeding roaches for sinister purposes -RRB- , the movie needed to be tightened up and moved along . This type of movie needs to have thrills and excitment , both of which were missing . To paraphrase Herschell Gordon Lewis , if I want a test of endurance , I 'll go to a health studio and see how many pushups I can do , not sit through a piece of garbage .
 I have always loved this movie . I have watched this movie a number of times since the first time I wanted it back in the 80s . I was glad to find out that it was on DVD and had to buy it . I am glad I did .
 This movie does not deal with large roach-like bugs taking over the world , as so many 70 's eco-horrors showed , and as I thought it would . The insects arrive after an earthquake , kill a few unlikable people , start a few fires , and then ? nada . The film goes on to portray one man becoming obsessed with studying them , and developing an unsettling relationship with them . Then not much else happens . It is not really * inept * , so bad film lovers probably will not find it intriguing . But lovers of fine cinema certainly will not be enamored of it , either.An understated William Castle movie ? Can it be ? Yes . This movie leans happily toward camp on several brief occasions . But mostly everything just grinds to a slow , unpleasant halt . A few sparks -LRB- literally , if you watch -RRB- of inventiveness can not save Bug from being by far the least entertaining Castle film I 've ever seen . Too bad ; it is an unfittingly blecch valedictory to the ultimate showman 's flamboyantly fun career.A final note
 One has to wonder what the execs at Warner Brothers were thinking when they decided on this film to be the first Bollywood movie released in the U.S. by a major American studio . Perhaps their flawed logic was this
 This movie blew chunks . It was utter rubbish . Pure crap.Even the hot Indian chick could n't make this movie bareable to watch .
 I like the actors , but it 's not my favorite story line . Hoped for something more uplifting . This was not . Just ok .
 Very charming , but only a Hollywood concoction that ` rewrites ' history , a totally invented concoction . Why do I say this ? After seeing the film in 8/97 -LRB- just after visiting the War Museum in the Isonzo Valley in Kobarid , Slovenia -RRB- I went to the library and checked several out books on Hemingway 's life . The film is false , except that Hemingway was a Red Cross volunteer in the Piave Valley and was accidentally wounded there . A product of Teddy Roosevelt 's era , he went home to Illinois and walked around his neighborhood wearing an Italian officer 's cape that he 'd bought . One was supposed to be brave , and survive as a winner . One nice thing about the film
 I 've become an admirer of Sandra Bullock , so I 've been trying to see all the films where she had a major role ... Yet I just could n't watch `` In Love and War '' all the way through . It just lacks energy . Bullock looked pretty in the nurse 's outfit ... but somehow she looked out of place . I 've read the five star reviews rhapsodizing about this movie , and I find myself wondering if I watched the same film . My advice would be to skip buying it and rent it if you absolutely must . But if you want to see Bullock in an overlooked movie in which she shines , I 'd recommend `` Love Potion # 9 . ''
 I half expected to loathe this movie before I sat down to watch it , so I ca n't really complain that I was let down or that it proved an utter disappointment . Just by looking at the front of the DVD I knew this was going to be a very substandard film . Do n't get me wrong entirely ; I like Sandra Bullock , I wo n't lie . For some reason I find myself drawn to her despite the fact that she 's not really the greatest actress out there and time and time again she chooses the worst role for her career , but I still love her and will watch anything she 's in just to watch it -LRB- watch something like ` Two Weeks Notice ' or ` While you were Sleeping ' and you 'll instantly understand why I love her -RRB- . Chris O'Donnell on the other hand is not someone I 'm even remotely drawn to nor do I care to watch anything he attaches himself to . All that said , I sat down to watch ` In Love and War ' because my wife remembered liking it years ago and I can safely say when it was all over she had changed her opinion of this waste of a film.Biopic 's are actually one of my favorite genre 's of film . I love to see real life displayed in an interesting and entertaining way . The life of Earnest Hemingway could have been very interesting and entertaining had the cast and script been nailed down a little tighter . I actually have much hope to see Hemingway 's story done right next year when James Gandolfini takes on the lead role in the upcoming biopic . Here though O'Donnell really adds no light or layers to his character and thus does Hemingway a huge disservice , painting him as immature and unlikable . I had so much trouble understanding why these two people were so drawn to each other . Bullock may be miles ahead of O'Donnell but that only goes to further prove how terrible O'Donnell is here , for Sandra herself is mediocre at best.The film follows Hemingway as he embarks on an affair with a Red Cross nurse right years his elder . Even with its focus on this part of his life it could have broadened better and became more than just a poorly constructed love story . It had plenty of potential and judging by the director Attenborough 's other work it 's almost embarrassing to place this in the list . In fact ` Shadowlands ' is one of my favorite biopic 's for it truly fleshes out the people we 're supposed to be caring about . ` In Love and War ' does nothing of the sort . It plays out like a made for TV movie , one that you would never waste your time actually watching . There are a few scenes that are touching , all of which deal with other characters , but they are far from enough to rescue this film from mediocrity . In the end , ` In Love and War ' does nothing for me besides help me to realize that sometimes you can judge a book , or in this case a film , by its cover .
 While watching In Love and War , one will most surely get up many times and leave the room to do something else , preferably something tie consuming . A no-no by many accounts , the attempt by Richard Attenborough to recount the story of Ernest Hemingway and his love affair with a WWI nurse starts as something promising . Yet , the promise is broken in the first four minutes , and the viewer is left to dwindle among the every-so-long plot , which seems to have no sense of balance . While the movie may be accurate as far as the real story goes , it is certainly not entertaining enough . The actors do what they can to contribute emotion and gumption into their characters , yet this , along with well-designed sets and scenery , is not enough to give moviegoers what they want . Only for solid fans of Bullock and/or O'Donnell , and no one else .
 I had just finished studying World War I when I decided to rent this movie . In addition , I really liked Sandra Bullock and Chris O'Donnell , so I said , `` Hey , why not ? '' Aftermath of the movie
 This movie lacked truly experienced actors in serious , and romantic roles . Sure Chris and Sandra have starred in romantic movies , but they are unoriginal , and just like the next . Chris O'Donnell was the last person who should have been picked for the role of such a noteworthy and distinguished American author . This movie puts Ernest Hemmingway to shame . Which is a complete disaster . Where was the build-up of true love ? This movie bounced from one scene to the next , without ever convincing me Agnes and Ernest were truly in love . This movie did not deserve the accolades it received from the critics . It has the potential to be excellent , if there were different actors in the roles of Agnes and Ernest . It had the potential to be good if it had n't been so `` Hollywood-ized . '' If you 're interested in Ernest Hemmingway 's life , read `` A Farewell to Arms . '' It 's far better .
 I recently rented this video about two days ago and let me say that this was a horrible movie . Bullock tries to hard to become a caring nurse but turns out to be a unemotional and untouching female . The friendships are unrealistic for that time period and so is the love affair.There was some interesting parts in the beginning but they ended up dissolving by the first ten mins . The book is so much better and should be read before you listen to my opinoin . Please turn to the literature and not to this lifeless movie . This movie has a good point though , it will not stick to you after you are done watching it .
 This was the worst movie I have ever seen . I personally would not make my worst enemy watch this .
 Viewed
 This must have been Elvis Presley 's worst movie . And when Mr. Presley was starting or doing this film , the army decided to draft him and Elvis Presley requested a 60 day brek to finish this movie , or it would have cost the studio a lot of money , if he had to leave the movie to go to the army . And Elvis Presley is cast as a high school student.As the movie opens , Danny Fisher -LRB- Elvis Presley -RRB- is getting ready for what he thinks is his last day of school . And manges to sing his high school song for a gangster and recures his boss 's -LRB- Walter Matthau -RRB- girl from the gangster . Her name is Ronnie -LRB- the late Carolyn Jones -RRB- . And at school , he gets into a fight that sends to him to the princple 's office , where his teacher -LRB- Helene Hatch in an uncredited role -RRB- decides that Mr. Fisher will not graute the following day . And so Danny , decides to not return to school for another school year.But when his father -LRB- Dean Jagger -RRB- finds out , he tells Danny to leave work to him , and Danny go to school . I giving it 1 star because of problems that I 'm having with the film . Could somebody in real life decide to have a student , not to gruade ? I must confess , I do n't know .
 `` Disorganized Crime '' is one of around 20 Mill Creek Entertainment low-budget Blu-ray titles that have turned up at dollar stores . According to the box , ABC TV Los Angeles , says that it is `` A Funnnnnnnnny Movie ! '' Whatever . I thought it stunk . Maybe some grammar school kids might like this story of dumb crooks and dumb cops , but I ca n't see a broader audience for this movie.There would be potential for some laughs if the seven principle characters could do an episode of Hollywood Squares . Just put Whoopi Goldberg in the center square , stick Gilbert Gottfried in the empty seat and you would have `` A Funnnnnnnnny Show ! `` On the plus side , `` Disorganized Crime '' came in a high-quality Blu-ray box , complete with a locking tab . I give the box a 5-star rating .
 Ok When I saw the Trailer for this Movie I thought it would Be Good cause they showed a Crash in the Trailer but when I bought it and watched it I saw that there was no Crash Scene in it and that really got me upset and the Person to Blaim for that would be the idiot Editor who took it out.The Movie would , ve went along fine if they did n't do that and thats why I gave it a Bad Rating it also had Bad Actors as well and Lou Diamond Phillips in it just ruined it he is Not a Good Actor he Sucks.So People thats my Rating for a Movie that I thought would be good but it turned out to be Trash.OH ! and I might add to that the Action was n't good either .
 I bought this DVD based on the Customer Reviews in Amazon.com . I guess I just do n't have the same sense of humor these people have . In all fairness , it has it 's moments ... although very few and very far between . The price in dollars I can live with . But , this DVD is a total waste of time . By the time it was over , it felt as though it was 3-hours long . If you have nothing better to do , watch it . That 's what I did . To me , it was n't worth it !
 THIS ALSO SUCK I WAS LOOKING FOR REAL AUTOPSY VIDEOS THAT SHOW THE REAL THING JUST A WAST OF MY MONEY IT ALSO WANT IN THE TRASH ...
 This movie is terrible . It trots out horror cliche after cliche with absolutely no atmosphere . The plot is n't secondary so much as tertiary . While a scattered or nonexistent plot works in , say , Suspiria , because of the atmosphere , cinematography , and just general weirdness , here it comes off as lazy . I do n't expect much from the After Dark Horrorfest - two or three decent flicks , maybe one excellent one , and a lot of garbage - but this was the worst horror film I 've seen in my entire life . The fact that it was competently produced and some of the actors could act just hammered home the true horror behind this flick .
 This movie was weak . The actors were too fake . Do n't waste your money .
 Autopsy -LRB- Adam Gierasch , 2008 -RRB- I can not for the life of me figure out whether I like Adam Gierasch or not . While he , along with writing partner Jace Anderson , was almost entirely responsible for Tobe Hooper 's resurgence as a director of quirky , fun little horror flicks -LRB- Toolbox Murders and Mortuary were both scripted by Anderson and Gierash -RRB- , the two were also responsible for the braindead abortion that was Mother of Tears , as well as lame creature features like Spiders , Rats -LRB- directed by no less a personage than Tibor Takacs , Hungary 's version of Uwe Boll -RRB- , and Crocodile . Not to mention a Jean-Claude Van Damme movie , which is usually enough to sink anyone 's ship . Gierasch must have gotten tired of having has-been horror directors filming his and Anderson 's stuff , though , because he stepped behind the camera for the first time for Autopsy , which the boys co-wrote with Home Sick writer E. L. Katz . I 'm kind of surprised that a writing team of this -LRB- inconsistent , but still -RRB- caliber turned out a movie this painfully derivative -LRB- just in the past five years , Vital , Room 6 , Unrest , and a couple of Saw movies have all trod this ground -RRB- , but I probably should n't be.Plot
 I laughed in looking through the reviews of this earlier , because someone said `` this is not as bad as some ` wannabe critics ' make it out to be '' ... so I guess that means this guy is a professional critic , or he lied when answering the question `` are you over 13 ? `` Let 's see , this film opens with lots of loud rock music , some 20-somethings at Mardi Gras drinking lots of alcohol & smoking lots of dope , and then , oh wow , man , they have a car wreck ? They hit a tree ? But , I guess they also hit some guy that 's under the car too , someone that some orderlies at the local hospital have been looking for , and since these young folk seemed to be a bit banged-up too , they get to go along for the ride back to the hospital . Which is , of course , almost empty , and perhaps things are n't quite what they seem?Of course , things are NOT what they seem , otherwise we 'd have no movie . -LRB- and that would have been bad because . . ? -RRB- One by one , our poor little 20-somethings head off to the exam rooms and never come back . Kindly and benevolent Dr. Robert Patrick is taking good care of them , but he may have an ulterior motive or two.This film , for being made in what is supposed to be an almost-abandoned hospital , is surprisingly lacking in any sort of atmosphere or suspense . Never have gore & insane medical experiments been so boring . I have no idea what the appeal of this film might be , because while it does seem to contain all the elements that would MAKE a fairly decent horror film , they just kind of lie there , not doing anything . So what that leaves is your basic `` paint by the numbers '' film , which some people seem to feel is just great , but perhaps they have n't seen anything REALLY worthwhile before.With very few exceptions , these After Dark Horror Films are nothing but mediocre -LRB- or worse -RRB- junk , yet , they must sell , or they would n't still be putting them out ... maybe if people stop buying them , they 'd go away ? One can only hope . 1 out of 5 .
 College kids leave Mardi Gras . They are in a car accident . They are taken to a mysterious hospital by mysterious EMT 's and staffed by mysterious people . In a farm-fresh plot twist you wo n't see coming most are autopsied ! While alive ! Wow!Other things do happen . But I admit I was only paying attention for about 40 % of the time . For most of the film I was wondering what to wear to work tomorrow , where I 'd left my keys and why the producers of `` Bewitched '' thought no one would notice when they recasted Darrin . Let 's face it
 A terrible car wreck lands a group of friends in a remote Louisiana hospital , where they become the unwilling subjects of Dr. Benway 's seedy experiments in AUTOPSY . Adam Gierasch assumes the role of director after co-writing a number of minor successes that include MORTUARY and the TOOLBOX MURDERS remake . Here , he makes the same mistake as Adam Green and Robert Hall had in HATCHET and LAID TO REST , putting the film 's gory effects before the plot or characters . While it is true that AUTOPSY offers some gruesome scenes of gut-spilling , it seems hardly worth the wait while trudging through the underused sets and underwhelming performances from both Robert Patrick and Jenette Goldstein as the two sadistic villains . Jessica Lowndes stands out in the lead , but the rest of the teens play to type and do nothing to draw upon the audience 's sympathies as they are being sliced and diced . Unfortunately , little would improve in Gierasch 's blood-soaked remake to NIGHT OF THE DEMONS the following year.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 I 've read the other reviews and I ca n't agree with everything said . To me this movie was your typical ` evil hospital , mad doctor ' story . The acting was fine , but I was bored . The only thing that was unusual about this movie was how the doctor used the boyfriend as life support . It was full of gore , I 'll give it that , but it was so typical . And as far as being `` campy '' or `` laughable '' , `` Dr. Giggles '' was funnier .
 What happens when the person you entrust with your medical care wants to perform a little involuntary surgery ? That question is at the heart of Autopsy a slasher-by-numbers entry into the horror genre by director Adam Gierasch . Even more appalling than the film itself is the fact that this is the same guy that wrote Mother of Tears.Autopsy concerns a group of friends who get completely wasted in New Orleans for one reason or another . They decide to do a little drunk driving -LRB- because nothing endears a group of twenty-somethings to a movie-going audience more than drunk driving -RRB- and end up in a hospital run by Dr. David Benway -LRB- Robert Patrick , the only good thing about this movie -RRB- . Things seem out of the ordinary . People die . Yadda yadda yadda.Gierasch wrote an Argento movie ? Really ? Did he write the script for Autopsy on the toilet ? I ca n't ' think of a single thing in this movie that I have n't seen before . Barely developed characters that die early in the film ? Check . Characters that ignore incredible strange circumstances ? Check . Inept law enforcement ? Check . If it seems like I 've written a review like this before , it 's because I 've seen a movie like this before . The kills are n't even worth watching . Imagine that
 My beef with this movie is that Rock failed to show women wearing their natural hair . Nothing was said about the many black entrepreneurs who create hair-care products for healthy , natural hair . There was n't a word about how the blogosphere is lit up with hundreds and hundreds of natural hair blogs . There is a massive natural hair movement and Rock did n't feature anything that pertained to women like us ! BOOOOOOOO !
 I thought this was going to be a movie with a storyline . I did not expect it to be the same trash that Chris Rock throws at Black Women in a documentay format !
 I order this item at the same time I ordered another product , which I did receive . The Good Hair video was not in the box and I do n't know how to get your attention to get it sent to me immediately . Thank you .
 This ` documentary ' is a passable introduction to black hair culture , but I found it to have a quite biased and shallow take on what is actually a very deep and complex subject . Chris mainly concentrates on women -LRB- and men -RRB- who use relaxers and weaves , his commentary on these subjects is often derogatory in nature , and he barely -- if at all -- mentions the notable amount of black women who wear natural hair , braids , dreads , etc. resulting in a very narrow perspective . Rock blatantly ignores anyone who does not contribute to his thesis
 I thought it might be a comedy when I ordered it - Chris Rock . I tried to watch it - I kept hoping it would get better . After 15 , 30 minutes -LRB- I do n't know how long it was -RRB- I gave up waiting for improvement .
 This movie was informative giving info on weaves , where the hair comes from and celebrities and regular people 's perspective on black hair , but too much time was spent on the ` hair show ' and that could have been totally clipped in favor of more footage on black hair opinions . Glad I did n't spent a lot on this dvd
 This movie was a Total Waste of My Money ... I was absolutely Bored to death ... could not wait for it to ENDDD !!! Glad I did n't buy this Garbage .
 Chris Rock better watch out for the many unbeweaveable and/or creamy crack abusers in the US . He puts it out there ! Some of the things should not be known about a Black woman 's quest for a good do . I like some of the humor aspects of this touchy subject . However , on a sad note , Black women need not want the hair of Europeans . Gone are the days of saying proudly `` Black is beautiful '' . Our people have assimilated too much . We 've lost a sense of who we are .
 Very disappointed with this movie and the way Chris Rock handled the topic . I wo n't get into all the reasons why this movie nauseated me , -LRB- thank God I did n't pay to see it -RRB- . Anyway , as an African American woman , I found this movie degrading , and even racist . African American women are not the only women that do things to enhance or change their physical appearance . In particular , many Caucasian American women wear extensions -LRB- weave -RRB- , all the time , and also dye their hair blonde and dye their children 's hair blonde -LRB- similar to chemical relaxing treatments that African American , Asian , and Latina women use to straighten their hair -RRB- . I just felt as if the movie was attacking and belittling African American women , had no educational value , and to top it off was n't even funny . It should n't even be classified as a documentary , because that is not what this film is , and I was personally offended by it .
 DVD was defective . It stopped several spots and could not be watched completely . I cleaned the CD and try to watch again but the problmes persisted . Also it took long time to recieve DVD . Not very happy with this transaction .
 I 'm disappointed . I thought `` Good Hair '' would be a little more in depth towards real African American cultural issues such as black class structure based on the texture of our hair , Bantu nose and lips , skin tones , and status based on a `` I got Indian Blood in me '' , post Jim Crow Black Americans . To do this documentary in its chosen format was exploitive in itself of our own people . Why did he not put his wife or girlfriend in the documentary ? He put his daughters in the film because as a father , and at their young delicate age , he obviously has control for what they do now but not his wife or girlfriend . I 'm still trying to figure out why other than to squeeze a few dollars out of something so irrelevant as how a person wears his or her hair knowing it only further instigate stereotype of our people , in particular , black women . It subliminally agonize the deadly sins of vanity , greed , jealousy , impatience , ignorance , and arrogance . I would like to think that Black people would collectively consider education as the first and foremost goal to attainment of a better life in current endeavors and guiding a course for future success and desires for our descendents . Even though blacks appear to spend a lot on their personal grooming for image effect it has been that way since the glory days of Egypt and Northeast Africa . We have maybe , without proper education of our heritage , forgotten that we set the trends and establish the current fads . We are not victims concerning this issue because we have the right of choice . So what if a black woman wears a weave , use perm cr&egrave;me and rollers , or a wig , the most important issue of her presence are the processes of her thoughts and actions as a human being . I 'm sure many of us should spend less time in the mirror and focus more on concerning household and community matters but we have been programmed by media images that have the effect of confusing our most critical priorities.Chris Rock please utilized your celebrity status of influence to something more enlightening if you 're going to do a documentary . Hollywood is hard these days and I know its work , and we all need work , but there are a number of worthy topics open to documentation that you could have chosen that can be humorous , entertaining , but most important - informative . Now you have become another entertainer who has sold his soul at the expense of his own . Just because you were able to convince Angela Mayo and a few other celebrity status individuals to be interviewed on film it still does n't validate your reasoning . I 'm sure those who were involved are second guessing being a part of that project now . My challenge to you and any other celebrity who have the means : DOCUMENTARY THISHow black crime and criminals affect the local economics of white America . For every black that turns to crime , they hire 1000 white police officers or more , they hire more Judges , Lawyers , Courts , Corrections Employees , Staff and Prison Guards , Construction Builders of Inmate Facilities , Shrinks , Private and Government Security Firms , Parole Officers , Prison labor for corporate farms , not to mention the amounts of money spent on the logistics of such a grand scheme . I could go on and on . We are only 12 percent of America 's population which is just enough to keep business going for another hundred years . We have become a product just as we were before the so called emancipation . The black mans ignorance , illegal vice , and envious desires for the white mans material status still puts food on the table for a lot of white Americans . I 'm sure if you crunch the numbers you will find out that crime is one of the largest domestic sources of stable employment for whites that no one take stats of . You have never heard of any employees working in these career fields getting laid off , even during the hardest of economic times . The will get rid of a military service personnel on a mass scale , but cops ? Never ! If you read this review you 'll think about it the next time you get a ticket from a cop and have to pay a fine . Every time one of us do something stupid enough to be incarcerated or fined , remember , we just helped that Cop put food on the table and pay for his for his new pick-up truck , harvesting us , liked market produce.DOCUMENTARY THISWhat happened to those Black Slave Owners of Black Slaves after the civil war in America?DOCUMENTARY THISWhy do so many black Americans -LRB- mostly males -RRB- , who mainly populate and dwell in the largest cities in America buy an over priced , four-wheel drive , gas guzzling , off the road-all terrain vehicle that 's mainly used in daily city traffic . It 's clearly not economically practical . Why?DOCUMENTARY THISWhy President Abe Lincoln is questionable as a great American Hero?DOCUMENTARY THISWhy , during the Spanish America War a large group of Buffalo Soldiers defected to the Philippines once they got there from their deployment ? Why?DOCUMENTARY THISWhy out of all the great film that Denzel Washington and Halle Berry starred in they won Academy Award Oscars for their worst portrayals . Denzel playing a corrupt , drug dealing , psychopathic , abusive cop and Halle playing a white man 's nasty skank irresponsible vice infected slut whore . When clearly Mr Washington 's role in `` Glory '' , and Ms Berry 's role as `` Dorothy Dandridge '' , very much warranted such honors ? Why?DOCUMENTARY THISWho was the Great King Negus?These are some issues worthy of Documentary especially if it 's based on blacks as a people and target audience collectively as a group . It could also turnout to be a great and very profitable movie . If not , at lease it would be based on something factual , significant , and informative.When Cris rock wrote and published `` Rock This '' it showed me he was extremely witty and intelligent with potential to do great things within the American media forum , but for now , well , do n't waste your money on this crap.Oh Yeah ! For those Blacks claiming `` Indian Blood '' to explain a reason for the quality of their hair and skin tones you need to know the American Indians hated our guts just like they do today and want nothing to do with us . Very few of them mixed . The DNA facts says the American Indian has your African blood in him . Little do Americans know that there are black Africans with every texture of hair , every shade of skin , and every color of eyes , even certain shades of blue , natural and all real . I 'm Ethiopian . I have been to Africa and seen it myself . In fact , if I could swap out the blacks of Addis Abba with the Blacks of Atlanta everyone would pretty much look the same , except for the clothing , and there are no American Indians in Ethiopia !
 Oliver Stone should really give up making movies about history . I never wanted to see this movie , but when you end up in a video store where you 've seen nearly everything ... that 's about the only way you 'd pick this one up.I think Val Kilmer did an alright job , but everyone else seemed to be portraying some cartoon of who they thought the people were.I am a Doors fan from childhood -LRB- had a lot of older brothers -RRB- , so I wish the movie had n't been made because people that do n't care about Jim Morrison 's memory will just believe that 's how it really happened . For those of us who care , we only need to hear the music.Watch the movie , but realize their life was n't about drugs and getting out of control . That was a consequence of Fame .
 This movie was ok in the beginning . It was somewhat interesting watching him get messed up and stuff but after two hours of the same thing it was just too much . I doubt much of this movie is true . So if you want to see a movie glorifying jim morrisons ' drug abuse and `` super deep '' lyrics this is right up your alley .
 Oliver Stone 's and we all know about him , rendition of a quasi biography of an influential 1960 's rock band . We are treated to behind the scene understanding of what makes Jim Morrison , Jim Morrison.The movie dragged on and on and on with psychedelic filler . Most of the actors were sleepwalking through the script , especially Meg Ryan and Val Kilmer.Doors - Soundstage Performances
 The movie has some great entertainment value in the scenes it depicts . Obviously it is over dramatized for visual effect . This alone causes it to be a distortion of the truth . As far as all the reviews saying check out the real Doors videos and books by Ray etc. . Please realize Ray as much as Oliver is trying to make a buck ... although he skews things in a more positive light ... his video 's books , etc. are a promotional desire to see you purchase . Do n't buy this nonsense . Listen to the CD 's ... and leave it at that - therein lies what is was all about ... and all it is ... the rest is as fictional as fact ... all of it ... for commercial reasons .
 Yet another re-issue and shaft job by the movie industry making DVD 's , and releasing them with a few more extras one to six or seven years later . Give these crap re-issues one star , not based off the movie , but the shaft job done to loyal DVD customers . If you must buy this release , ALWAYS BUY USED . That way the vultures who play unfair wo n't make a profit off you . Then sell your old release , which will hopefully deter more people from buying the newer version , with a cheap old version on the market , and will hit these scumbags where it hurts the most ... bottom profit line . Voice your anger , ALWAYS BUY USED IF YOU MUST BUY AT ALL , and tell them you 're sick of this re-issue anniversary edition crap .
 I saw THE DOORS after I had read LIGHT MY FIRE by RAY MANZAREK and I could see why he hated it.The movie THE DOORS focused in my opinion way too much on JIM MORRISON 'S self-destructive tendancies not on how the group made thier fantastic music . Do n't get me wrong VAL KILMER while he 's potraying morrison does the best he can with the inept script his performance besides the music is the only thing that saves this film from being a total disaster and do n't get me started on MEG RYAN I thought she definatley was a lame PAM COURISON to say the least . I felt that OLIVER STONE did ` nt really research THE DOORS either and it shows so all in all read LIGHT MY FIRE by RAY MANZAREK for the real story not this movie .
 Oliver Stone yet again tramples and distorts the truth - this time the victim is Jim Morrison and not the U.S. government . Every scene is either blown way out of context or it never actually happened
 I 've always felt that Jim Morrison 's death at a young age spared him the humiliation of being unmasked as a mediocre artist and a low-rent character . This movie did nothing to change my view . Kudos to Val Kilmer for a great performance , but Morrison is n't worth all the attention and adulation he has received . His early demise immortalized him and spared him a career flame-out . As comedian Dennis Leary said , `` We do n't need a three hour movie about Jim Morrison . I 'll tell you his story
 The Doors - directed by Oliver Stone - is a sad story about the 60 's rock group and legend Jim Morrison , lead singer , poet and songwriter . The movie covers the period from 1965-1971 . Val Kilmer stars as Jim Morrison , a very intelligent man who is his own worst enemy . He can not handle the pressures of success . We see a slow train wreck as he turns to excesses in drugs , drink , women and exhibitionism.In the beginning -LRB- 1965 -RRB- he is going to college , but also a Southern California beach boy , writing poetry , finding his first true love . It could be the start of Beach Blanket Bingo for that matter . A friend helps Jim form the Doors rock group -LRB- named after the book by Aldus Huxley `` The Doors of Perception '' -RRB- and from there on it is a marathion of drugs , drink , egotism , confusion and despair . Depending on how much you enjoy the 1960 's counterculture will be how you view this movie . It hypnotizes in the treadmill of drug trips , crazy outfits , California , trendy clubs , Andy Warhol parties , and outrageous behavior.As fabulous as Val Kilmer plays Jim Morrison , the drugged , halucinagenic excess becomes boring fast . The opporutnity lost is that Morrison had talent with words , high intelligence , but spent it on the dark side . Seeing this movie I am wondering if he could have been pulled from the abyss with better handlers and some on-going therapy . Morrison died in Paris at the young age of 27 and is buried in a near-by cemetery for famous artists . Overall , the movie seemed like a long tabloid expose and I felt like this was an intrusion on the Morrison 's privacy.It also starred Meg Ryan -LRB- as Morrison 's girlfriend -RRB- , and the Doors group played by Frank Whaley , Kyle MacLachlan
 I should preface this by stating I really do NOT like Oliver Stone movies -LRB- other than Natural Born Killers -RRB- , for some reason I feel very disconnected to them . And he does it again with the Doors . On the recommendation of my son I watched this on a borrow and I have to say I watched the entire run of the movie and still know NOTHING about THE DOORS . The movie is instead filled with psychedelic filler of the highest order and Jim Morrison comes off as nothing more than a sullen drunken crybaby.All the relationships seemed forced and nothing about this era or group seemed interesting at all , and I have to think that 's simply not true in real life . A lot has been made of Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison and for all the hype I 've heard I can say I was mildly let down , which could be more a fault of the script since NO ONE not even the lead had any type of depth or worthwhile backstory , so what more can an actor do ? I actually thought Meg Ryan was the stand out , and that does n't say a lot .
 This movie is the one work that tarnished Morrison 's image the most . In this movie , Morrison 's drug abuse and screwed up behavior are often portrayed as the product of inner genius and a philosophy of life . In reality , drug abuse is only drug abuse , and screwed up behavior is only screwed up behavior . This generic romantic presentation of the Doors is quite frustrating , and very limited in scope . There is just a lot of quasi-intellectual rubbish , and not much substance to the story . There were twenty or more factual mistakes in the film , and they will be revealed when a person has done their research . Val Kilmer also , in my view , has deficiencies in how he portrayed Morrison . His singing voice was not always up to par , and not for one second did he abandon a warped and stoned kind of persona . What Kilmer was best at , was his depiction of Morrison 's moves and behaviors on stage . ` The Doors ' is the most popular exponent of the largely accepted romanticized view of the Doors . The jarring factual mistakes make this the worst of all such works , however . Everyone would be much better off listening to the Doors ' music -LRB- the first six studio albums -RRB- , which stand as an impressive and creative body of work .
 Brando 's BRILLIANT quote from APOCALYPSE NOW -LRB- itself a BRILLIANT example of the use of POPULAR music in movies through its use of The Doors `` THE END '' -RRB- was the FIRST thing that came to mind for the title of this review . As a BORN AGAIN Doors fan -LRB- as in , I was a fan as a kid and recently 're - discovered ' them -RRB- , I felt a moral obligation to warn people against this ATROCITY ! If it were possible , I would DESTROY all available copies to protect the INNOCENT and UNASSUMING!First , the title , `` THE DOORS , '' is MISLEADING . Instead , it should have been called `` MORRISON . '' Stone sees Morrison as THE central figure in The Doors saga , with the OTHERS being merely BACK-UP players . NOTHING could have been FURTHER from the TRUTH . Morrison himself would 've attested to that . As proof , the band shared songwriting credits on most songs , attesting to the true COLLABORATIVE nature of this band.Second , EVERYONE , including Morrison , comes off a a TWO dimensional character in this film . John Densmore -LRB- horribly portrayed by one-note actor Kevin Dillon -RRB- is ALWAYS sulking . Ray Manzarek comes across SO straight-laced -LRB- ? -RRB- as to practically be a MARTINET , and poor Pamela Courson , as played by Meg Ryan , comes across as some STUPID hippy-dippy chick.Third , Kilmer 's perfomance as Morrison is SO overrated . He portrays Morrison as this VACUOUS , SELF-CENTERED ego maniac , as opposed to the flesh and blood artist that he was , full of CONTRADICTIONS and COMPLEXITIES.Fourth , Stone uses Morrison 's ACTUAL song lyrics in place of dialogue , which comes across as BAD as it sounds , while the remaining dialogue is as CHEESY as it gets -LRB- i.e.
 Wow , I really have no idea how people can give this movie good reviews.The camera work is interesting , and it definitely captured the times and gave me a good sense of who Jim Morrison was -LRB- well , at least as Oliver Stone saw him -RRB- , but it 's not really much of a movie.Jim Morrison was born , he became famous , and then he died . All of the rest of the stuff just happens for no reason , like in real life . I have no problem with a movie being like that , but what pissed me off was Stone 's usual pretentiousness in trying to make this movie `` meaningful '' . This movie is just about some guy 's life ; there 's really no meaning to it . Instead of admitting that , he sticks in indians and other weird shots as if that will make the movie deeper somehow . It does n't , it just looks stupid , and it tells the viewer nothing of The Doors or Jim Morrison.The movie was also kind of boring . Scenes went on for way too long , and everything blended together into an incohesive mush so that whatever happened seemed unremarkable and pointless -LRB- which it was , most of the time -RRB- . I have no problem with pointless stuff , when it really adds to the characters -LRB- as in a Woody Allen movie -RRB- , but here it just seemed to continue to hammer into the viewer 's head the same portrait of Jim Morrison that was crystal clear around twenty minutes into the movie . The character did n't unfold at all ; it just gutted itself near the beginning and then pointed to different squishy bits for the rest of the movie.So thanks a lot , Oliver Stone , for ruining what could have been an interesting movie.The only reason I give it two stars is for the part with Andy Warhol , when he mentions that he could call God on his telephone , but he has nothing to say to him , so he gives the telephone to Jim Morrison and says `` Now you can talk to God . `` How could you not love that part ?
 The Doors is not the best movie . While the begining of the movie seems to promise something good , and the end of the movie has you walk away with some emotions . After this first hour of this nearly two and half hour movie , it becomes boring.There is hardly any focus on the music . Besides the concerts , events of the movie seem pointless . Their only point seems to show how crazy the singer was . Jim Morrison , the singer and main charater , was just a crazy idiot , and thats not what he was in real life . The last thirty minutes will respark interest , but does not save the movie at all.I would recommend someone to rent this movie , not buy it .
 The video resolution is very poor , I in fact have to watch the DVD in `` zoomed '' mode in order for it to make it fit the screen .
 If one word had to be used to describe Oliver Stone 's rambling , chaotic , yet somehow peculiarly mesmerizing tribute to 1970 's rock n ' roll icon and `` Doors '' frontman Jim Morrison , it would have to be `` disorienting '' . Morrison 's short life , if Stone 's account is to be trusted , was a confused and hedonistic mess , a fact belied by the movie 's lurching and delirious structure , which , in short , makes one 's head spin unpleasantly and induces a sick , queasy feeling in the pit of one 's stomach , a sensation which increases steadily as the film progresses and Morrison 's biography becomes harder and harder to follow . The atmosphere of the 1960s and '70s , though , is vividly evoked , with lilting shots of colorfully costumed hippies , artists , and various eccentric loafers . The implication , however , is that these people , particularly the rebellious Morrison and his ilk , were `` stoned '' out of their gourds the entire time , thereby rendering their career and accomplishments meaningless -LRB- the lines between fiction and reality , for example , become inextricably blurred in one laughably excessive sequence in which Morrison & co. sit in the middle of an imaginary desert getting high on Acid , in the proccess coming up with the remarkable lyrics to `` The End '' . I am an admirer of `` The Doors '' music , and would like to think there was a deeper significance to that song than some random `` trip '' Morrison took one day in mid 1964 , or thereabouts -RRB- . Yet there are nevertheless exciting moments in this flawed feature , such as when Morrison defies the censorship of a couple of `` square '' music producers by refusing to alter the lyrics to one of the band 's songs . The acting is generally without fault
 ... and much more Oliver Stone 's vision of what the Doors ' music and Jim 's life was , truth be damned . Supposedly , Stone was inspired by the book No One Here Gets Out Alive -LRB- written by Jerry Hopkins in 1973-74 , but not published until 1980 when Danny Sugerman , Jim 's one-time teenage factotum , did some judicious rewriting -RRB- , but very little of the book , even , is present in this film . I had to see it three times just to believe what I was seeing -- in short , an absolute hatchet job on Jim Morrison , and nothing like the real Jim at all.I honestly have no idea where the scene with Jim locking Pam in a burning closet came from ; nowhere in the Doors ' history does this incident appear . Jim did not meet Patricia Kennealy in 1967 -LRB- Kennealy herself has verified this in her book , Strange Days
 It seems like every great director attempts a comedy at some point in his career . Stone is no exception , and with THE DOORS , he makes an unfortunate foray into feature length hijinks.Don ' t get me wrong ... the film does have some funny moments . The scene where Kilmer follows Pamela Courson home and hangs out in the window is a classic . Pamela sees him and asks why he followed her , and with impeccable comic touch , Kilmer says `` Because you 're the one . '' Quite a sidesplitter!Unfortunately , the jokes get old after a while , and by the end , you 're almost wishing that Stone had taken a more serious approach to the material . Even Morrison 's wacky Indian sidekick ends up looking forlorn.My advice , if you want to see a great musical comedy , check out SPINAL TAP . As for Stone , he should leave the one-liners to Woody Allen and stick with heady dramas .
 The film is terrible and incorrect from the opening credits to the end or when you press the stop button , which ever comes soonest . There is error after error after error on this film . Oilver Stone ammitted to telling some small lies to expand on bigger truths however he never even started telling the truths . Whatever a director could get wrong he got wrong , Morrison 's character , names , dates , events and sequencing . Many so called events never even took place , the burning wardrobe and the turkey dinner for example - pure fiction . You like The Doors or Jim Morrison or you want to learn more about them stay away from this product and look for something else . This product is nothing more than insulting to The Doors and Jim Morrison and the one star option was the lowest rating I could give , personally the one star is being generous .
 I saw this movie when it first came out -LRB- March 1 , 1991 -RRB- . I was 21 years old , and a huge DOORS fan . I liked it okay back then , but upon seeing it now , it 's boring , and makes it appear that the other members did little or nothing to contribute to the band and its success -LRB- Robby Krieger , the guitar player , WROTE ` LIGHT MY FIRE ' -RRB- . I think Val Kilmer does an Oscar-caliber job as Jim , but the others are only there to react to things Jim says and does . They have no other purpose except to fill in those roles-most anyone could have done that . I do n't think a lot of people realize that Jim Morrison was many things , BUT HE WAS N'T A MUSICIAN . HE DID N'T PLAY AN INSTRUMENT , and he was n't THAT great a singer -LRB- though I will say that he was damn good when he was good -RRB- . THE DOORS were a great band , but that was a long time ago . As far as the studio albums go , the first two were great , the second two were mediocre -LRB- though ` STRANGE DAYS ' has a couple of decent tracks -RRB- , and the last two were hit and miss . I was n't there , so I do n't know about how they were live -LRB- videos and live CDs are NOT THE SAME as being there -RRB- . Another reviewer said that Meg Ryan was a poor choice to play Pam . I agree . Listening to Stone talk about it on disc 2 tells us why . Ryan sounds like she was/is unable to comprehend the type of behavior that Pam/Jim engaged in , i.e. drugs , rebellion , etc. . Stone said the same thing about Darryl Hannah regarding her failed attempt to play Darian in WALL STREET -LRB- a far superior movie to this one by the way -RRB- . I do n't understand why Stone would choose to have someone play a role like this when they obviously were unable to ` find and be ' the character they were supposed to be portraying . Stone should have chosen more wisely . I think Stone 's obsession with Jim is the reason this movie is really all about Jim . Of the many problems in it , the one that probably bothers me the most is that the movie acts like Jim is the center of the universe , as the camera is almost always on him . But Oliver Stone 's Jim Morrison is juvenile , destructive , obnoxious , and often , pointless . He hardly comes off as a genius , poetic or otherwise . He suddenly has star status , but the movie does n't show why-we 're supposed to know why . Yet , why should we care ??? The character is despicable , at least that 's the way he 's written here . I could n't even finish the film-I simply did n't care that he was headed for a youthful demise . When I read ` Riders on the Storm ' and ` No One Here Gets Out Alive ' , I found myself caring about the people involved-not here though . Moreover , the photography was irritating , to say the least . I wanted to know about THE DOORS , instead , I got an MTV-type drug trip with DOORS music behind it . As a big studio movie , I think this fails on all levels except one-Val Kilmer 's performance . As another reviewer noted , this is the best acting he 's ever done . It 's too bad that the movie/script he had to work with was/is over-hyped junk .
 The best performance in the film was Kyle McLachlan 's Ray Manzarek , even though his part was small . Val Kilmer lacks charisma in his portrayal of the late charismatic singer Jim Morrison . How can a man who is perpetually stoned and wrapped up in his own little world be interesting or charismatic ? I found Kilmer 's Morrison unlikeable and unwatchable . The Stone/Kilmer Morrison has no redeeming qualities - casually and carelessly hurting everyone in his path with his selfish , hedonistic lifestyle . I actually fast-forwarded through quite a bit of this film because every scene was just `` more of the same '' .
 I like the Doors music , and Morrison was a very charasmatic figure who wrote some bizzare but interesting lyrics . However , this film -LRB- unlike the comments made by most -RRB- is not a strict biography . What was covered semi-accurately in the movie was the atmosphere of the sixties and the bands beginnings . Okay , they showed the crazy drunk Morrison that perpetuates the myth , but this guy was more interesting . There are also many stupid inaccuracies . One big one that can easily be proven is the live Ed Sullivan TV appearence . Morrison did not look close into the camera and emphasize the words `` much higher '' . I think the guy was on the wrong track big time , but that does n't take away from his intelligence . He was very smart . The idea of this film was to show all of Morrisons wild antics . It was a big mistake to have Val Kilmer sing some Doors songs , but he did do a very good job of capturing Morrisons personality . There were definetely some good scenes that showed the bands tension and the tumultuous relationship he had with Pamela -LRB- Meg Ryan -RRB- . The natural likeability side of Morrison was missing from the film . Oliver Stone -LRB- director -RRB- should have delved deeply into the fallen rock stars last days in Paris -LRB- alot of material there -RRB- which would have been a more facinating watch . Morrisons real death story , the attempted cover up , paranoia by Pam and rushed burial were also missing . Instead we got the glorified figure in the bath tub with slightly religious imagery . That is very movie phony . This guy would have looked a mess . All said and done , the film reached , grabbed on at times and let go ; Hey just like Morrison .
 I wonder if something is wrong with my DVD player ... it seems this film was n't encoded as anamorphic -LRB- to fill my widescreen TV like all other films -RRB- but they burned the letterbox onto a 4:3 encode . So I see the picture surrounded by black.Also the soundtrack sounds flat ... I read somewhere that you have to enable a 5.1 track but I have n't found that option.I picked this up at a flea sale eager to relive my first experience with this film in a proper theatre many years ago ... so far no love ! I wonder if I got a non-special edition disc in a special edition box .
 I , AGAIN ORDERED THIS PRODUCT TOGETHER WITH ANOTHER DVD AND I HAVE NOT RECEIVED EITHER OF THEM . IM VERY DISAPPOINTED TO SAY THE LEAST AS I WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO THEM AND OF COURSE I HAVE PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS.I WANT MY MONEY BACK OR TO HAVE THEM RE-POSTED OUT TO ME .
 the movie tended to jump around a lot in time periods which to me is very confusing and takes away from the substance .
 The Doors suffers the same problems that Stone 's other films about real people and events -LRB- JFK and Nixon -RRB- do ; Stone uses the docu-drama format as a license to condense times and events , while simultaneously inventing composite characters and situations that never existed . All too often , these films , while containing exciting filmic and visual elements , ring a bit hollow.The upside of The Doors is the performance of Val Kilmer , who threw himself into the role with ferocity and conviction ; that he comes up short in the end is n't due to his acting abilities as much as the choice of episodes and Morrison 's characteristics -LRB- both real and invented -RRB- that Stone chose to film . Simply put , Stone 's Morrison comes across as little more than a sporatically gifted poet who sublimates his poetic callings to all the cliched rock star trappings . Perhaps this does describe some of Morrison 's personality to a degree , but after seeing Morrison get stoned , drunk and act like a spoiled child throwing a tantrum for 2 hours plus , one wonders if Oliver thought of Morrison as basically an obnoxious drunk -LRB- possessed by the soul of a bald , silly-looking , half-naked dead indian that continually wanders around the movie -RRB- and , if so , what it was that turned Stone onto making the film in the first place ... The downside , in addition to the lack of scope regarding Morrison , comes in the numerous episodes that never happened -LRB- The Doors tripping on acid in the desert , Patricia Kennealy being present at the New Haven show Morrison got arrested at , Particia Kennealy and Pam Courson having a catfight , Buick actually making a commercial using the song Light My Fire and Jim finding out about it by watching tv , Jim setting fire to his and Pam 's house while Pam was smacked up in the closet ... and on and on -RRB- . Also , the years of 1967 to early 1969 take up about an hour and a half of the movie , while the remainder of 1969 through to mid 1971 take about twenty minutes.It 's a shame that Stone went to such trouble to set up and film some great concert sequences , and Kilmer really made a terrific attempt at playing Morrison , but in the end both were content to rest the character on both the various myths about the singer and the confirmed instances of Morrison at his drunken worst . A well-shot film that , in the end , has little to do with reality .
 Hey , I know I 'm in the minority in my opinion here on Amazon , yet I will state unequivocally my view that the portrayal of Jim Morrison , his common-law wife Pamela Courson , the group , and even the supporting cast of regulars in The Doors Universe come off like characters in search of a serious screenwriter.Come on already , Oliver . Who could sympathize with Jim and Company when they spew out lines of dialogue clipped , of all places , from Morrison 's song lyrics ? Did you actually think an audience would accept Jim uttering such discordant lines in an everyday conversation ? Could you not separate the man from the performer ? Because of that awful bit of writing , Jim comes off like a buffoon , not an erudite talent who , despite a lifetime of loneliness , alienation , and addictive tendencies -LRB- which would ultimately snuff out his life -RRB- , still managed to push aside material comfort for a pursuit of the truth as he saw it.Also , how come Jim revels in such horrible psychobabble ? Had you not gleamed the interviews -LRB- available through Bright Midnight and other retailers -RRB- you 'd hear an incredibly bright , articulate young man who lamented the day he elected to be part of a rock and roll band . You 'd also have the makings of excellent drama , as a man who can not escape his fame and a man who longed to create films and poetry in his own right.How could one ever sympathize with a drunken lout -LRB- YOUR Jim -RRB- who acts like an ass -LRB- seems more like Val Kilmer playing himself rather than Jim -RRB- , shows no compassion whatsoever , and just appears to become famous in one quick turn of events . The only clue we have to the success stems from the Sullivan show , the airport raid , and assorted concerts , but we never get a sense of Jim being nationally lambasted . Some archival footage might have helped there . But of course then the more sedate , intelligent Morrison -- whom you portrayed as bumping into cops whereas Jim preferred to sway at a mike stand -LRB- see the archival footage -RRB- -- does n't figure in a Hollywood biopic.What a shame . What a rotten , dirty , salacious mess . Maybe your own demons got the better of your good sense , Oliver . God knows , if your Morrison had been the true Morrison , I 'd never had been a fan of his in the first place . Thanks for turning Jim into David Lee Roth , the members of KISS , Robert Plant , and all those other Circus Magazine posterboys for rock and roll excess . Too bad . An integrity , a nonmaterial nature , and a sincere attraction to make art distinguishes Jim from all those other Sex , Drug , and Rock and Roller hellions .
 I have read about a dozen books on The Doors . Needless to say they are one of the GREATEST bands ever to enter the human ear . In fact , I personally , believe they are the GREATEST band ever -LRB- Yes , even better than the Beatles -RRB- , so I 'd have to say the movie was not what it should have been . The Doors were art . The movie was not . The movie prefered to concentrate on the -LRB- semi-fiction -RRB- `` antics '' of a mentally unbalanced Jim Morrison , instead of the poetic side . Also the movie did not live up to it 's own title ! It 's called `` The Doors , '' not `` The life and times of Jim Morrison ! '' It should have concentrated on the band more -LRB- not to say Jim was not a very interesting person ... HE WAS !!! -RRB- Anyhow , other than a few lies -LRB- ok , more than a few -RRB- it 's overall an entertaining movie . Watch it for Val Kilmer as Jim -LRB- EXCELLENT performance !! -RRB- , watch it for the WONDERFUL concert scenes , and watch it for the great soundtrack , but do n't count on a truthful account of the greatest band EVER !
 If you love the real Doors , stay clear of this miasma.The Doors , I always thought were the greatest rock band of all time , but this vapid flick , created by a brain-dead Hollywood dodo makes the late , great Jim Morrison and the rest of The Doors look foolish , idiotic and talenless goofballs.This travesty of a flick basically left me fairly angry . I may just have to re-read -LRB- for the third time -RRB- No One Here Gets Out Alive , and will surely play some Doors music to get rid of the aftertaste left in this viewer 's mouth by the rancid Oliver Stone attempt .
 I think if a really pretentious 15-year-old was asked to write a historical movie script , this is what he would come up with . Incredibly dull and full of itself .
 My review basically sums up to the review of `` A viewer from BROOKLINE MA , USA , February 18 , 1999 '' . I also agree with `` fsuseminoles@hotmail.com fromm Texas , February 27 , 1999 '' -LRB- who claims he/she is `` Ray Manzarek '' -RRB- The movie was horribly innacurate . I read more than enough of `` Light My Fire '' -LRB- written by Ray Manzarek -RRB- to know what the above reviewer is talking about , and I do n't blame Ray for slamming Stone and his movie so much . I perfectly understand him . How would you like it if some Hollywood director made a movie slandering your best friend ? Portraying him as nothing but a obnoxious , self-indulgent -LRB- I know he did succumb a lot , but he did a lot more than that -RRB- a ****** who just happened to be a poet and a musician ? I believe `` Light My Fire '' more than the movie because Ray mentions the famous , or should I say `` infamous '' , incident on `` The Ed Sullivan Show '' was depicted very incorrectly . I saw the actual performance along with an interview with Ray Manzarek himself , and Ray was right ! That right there gives the book more credibility than the movie `` The Doors '' -LRB- the movie I saw the performance on was `` The Very Best of the Ed Sullivan Show-The Greatest Entertainers '' , also , according to Ray , you can see at least just the performance on The Doors video `` Dance On Fire '' -RRB- . I unfortunately do n't know the opinion of John Densmore on this movie -LRB- I 'll have to read his book , `` Riders on the Storm '' -RRB- . After all , his book , as well as himself , were major consultants for the movie . He even acted in it as `` Last Session Sound Engineer '' ! If he told Stone all the falsehoods were true , I 'll be seriously pissed and disappointed that he could do such a thing.As for the movie 's other qualities I , as `` A viewer from BROOKLINE MA , USA , February 18 , 1999 '' said , thought Val Kilmer did as best a job he could with such an `` inept '' , as well as very innacurate , script . I also found Val 's stage antics and dancing entertaining , especially in the end of the Whiskey-a-Go-Go scene where The Doors played `` The End '' , Jim said the forbidden verse , and they were kicked out of the club as a result . I did n't find the movie very entertaining though , mostly because of how Jim Morrison was portrayed -LRB- you get tired of watching some a ****** run around drinking , cheating , saying weird * @ & % like '' -LSB- the fans -RSB- want something sacred '' ; Actually , a lot of the characters said stupid things like that , come to think of it -RRB- and some other things that were just bad . They were general things , like the script of basically everyone . Some of the parts of the movie I did n't get , and I blame myself and not the movie if a lot of other people got it on their own . The part where Jim goes into the cave during Pam , Dorothy , and the band 's trip was very odd and confusing . All he did was go into the cave , scare a mountain lion or whatever feline that was , and see the Native American who makes repeated appereances throughout the movie -LRB- I 'm not sure , but I think he 's one of the `` Indians scattered on dawn 's highway bleeding '' , the same one lying down with a trickle of blood on his mouth -RRB- . Another part I do n't get is the one where Jim sings `` Not To Touch The Earth '' , which I might add , is one of my favorite Doors ' songs and one of my favorite songs overall , and he does that eagle dance or whatever with all those Native Americans dancing with him . Not to mention that he does it for so long without singing ! His rests -LRB- I mean the musical type of `` rest '' -RRB- were n't THAT long ! There were some other parts I did n't get or I thought were pointless in the movie , but I wo n't go into that further . As for the music , I thought the soundtrack was good . The songs were very wisely pieced together . However , in the vast majority of the concert scenes , the music was butchered . For example , in the concert where Jim sings `` Not To Touch The Earth '' , all you can really hear is , of course , Jim 's singing , the drums , bass , and every now and then a touch of guitar and/or keyboards . Same with the infamous Miami concert with `` Five To One '' . Also -LRB- I 'm still talking about concert scenes -RRB- , they did n't do a very good job showing the fast transition of songs . The only example I can think of is the infamous New Haven concert . Jim sings part of `` Backdoor Man '' , suddenly screams into the microphone , then we 're suddenly towards the end of `` When The Music 's Over '' , which gets cut short . After that , John plays the beat heard in the quiet , middle part of the song , over the bass , and Jim tells the audience what the cop did to him and Patricia.Doors fans , or even just anybody who watches or hears about this movie , do n't take this movie as being true . The fact is , it 's not . Jim Morrison was n't like that ALWAYS , or even most of the time . He was more sober than stoned . It 's just that he had fights , sometimes lasting very long , with alcohol and/or drugs . However , that does n't mean you ca n't watch the movie for it 's entertaining value . Just do n't buy Stone 's point-of-view of The Doors . If you want to know the truth about the great Doors , watch the videos they themselves made , and/or the books people who knew them well wrote .
 All I have to say on that movie is that it was really bad !!! All they wanted to do , was to make Jim and Patricia look bad and make Pam look good . They took every bad thing jim made and made a movie out of it . And by the way Val was horrible !! He did not fit . Jason Patric would have made a better job at it , and Jason looks more like Jim then anybody else !!! thats all I had to say .
 The movie is interesting and I think Val Kilmer did a good job . I rate this so low because Artisan just put big black bars on top and bottom and then calls it widescreen . This is FAKE widescreen and is a bad , bad , bad thing .
 I went to see this film the night it was released in Seattle . Not because it interested me so much but more because I had a friend who really wanted to see it when it came out and could n't . He liked to see films immediately upon their release . I liked to do things that irked him , so I made sure to see the film before he did . This was a surprising film , really . When I heard that Val Kilmer had been cast as Jim Morrison , I , like many , was skeptical that he would be able to pull it off . The Val Kilmer we had to that point come to recognise looked nothing like Morrison in addition to which , Kilmer 's roles had never really stretched his `` acting muscles '' , so most were convinced that he would fail . However , Kilmer respectably fooled everyone with his convincing portrayal of Morrison . His performance was enjoyable . Meg Ryan was surprising also because her role was a bit of a departure . Still did n't like her , though . Kathleen Quinlan 's blood drinking gothic diversion for Morrison was an interesting character . The story was not thrilling , as we all know the story , and in fact , many parts of the film were simply laughable . I noticed at the end when Morrison decides to move to Paris and is saying goodbye to his friends -LRB- other Doors members -RRB- , he and the friends hug and not only do they perform that special `` man hug '' -LRB- which is a hug always accompanied by several hard slaps on the back ... very manly -RRB- but also accompanied with tender sentiments like , `` I 'm gon na miss you '' followed by the tempering insult , `` you a ** hole '' . No niceties for the sake of niceties . We all know Jim 's fate ... you can visit him in the P&egrave;re Lachaise cemetery in Paris .
 Even with star power there is little to like about this film , at least for anyone with any interest in it from the perspective of a historic narrative.The first time I saw it I was impressed at how well Kilmer did at emulating and looking like Morrison . His singing was even okay , in a way . His performances would have been passable even , if it had been a local college putting it on as a weekend theater event , but to suggest that Kilmer did a passable job at singing Morrison 's parts is to admit one has either never listened much to the Doors , has a tin ear , or is already impartial to Kilmer.The film would have been much better with Jim Morrison 's own voice whenever possible , and much as I hate lip-synching , that 's what Kilmer should have done.I 'm sure that it would be very hard to find any professional singers who would be impressed by the singing in this movie.Any doubters may want to try a little experiment - watch some of the movie tracks , then put on the Doors and listen to how much more effective , natural and musical a singer Morrison was . Better yet , find one of the many available videos of Morrison onstage and see how amateurish the impressionism of Kilmer 's performance looks.Now just in case anyone thinks I have a bone to pick with Kilmer ; I do n't . I simply find the emulation of Morrison to be very poor for a movie with the kind of budget that a maker like Stone would have had available.That said , I think Kilmer did a much better job on L.A. Woman than any of the other tracks , and wonder if it is n't at least partially because he was focused on the much more relaxed atmosphere of the track , rather than the weird side of Morrison he was instructed throughout to portray.By all accounts Jim was a strange fellow in many ways , but also anything but one-dimensional , but with Oliver Stone being so one-dimensional himself , it 's impossible for him to tell any story as a passive teller . He finds it impossible to stand on the sidelines and let us know what happened . It 's much more empowering for him to interject his values and agenda onto every story told , which is so much more disappointing because he tells so many important stories - always with his opinion/agenda as more important than history itself.They say that fact is stranger than fiction - I also find fact to be more interesting than fiction.When I read so many positive reviews of the movie itself and Kilmer 's performance , it immediately reminds me of the Emperor and all the crowds exclaiming about his stylish new outfit . Maybe I 'm only a child , because to me , the Emperor has no clothes.Anyone who thinks Morrison was nothing but a sick weirdo might want to listen to the Doors a little further , and some evidence of the romantic in him is very easily unveiled by listening to such tracks as Touch Me , Love Her Madly , I Ca n't See Your Face , Indian Summer and Blue Sunday.The incredibly up-beat and positive atmosphere of Land Ho ! from Morrison Hotel is very often surprising to people not completely familiar with the Doors albums in general.Now go check out some real Doors material !
 Val Kilmer has the moves down , and does a good impression singing like Morrison ... BUT ... he does not have Jim Morrison 's looks or charisma . John Travolta was slated to play Morrison , and HE has looks and charisma and acting talent ... BUT the Doors said , `` Travolta is a nice guy . Jim Morrison was not a nice guy . '' So they vetoed Travolta . -LRB- Did n't they see Travolta play a jerk in SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER , for which he received an Oscar nomination ? -RRB- I ca n't stand that Travolta is a Scientologist , but he would have been better than Kilmer . The other problem with this movie is that Oliver Stone is a lousy writer ... and the script stinks . Norman Mailer said in `` Vanity Fair ''
 This film is a poor take on Jim Morrison 's life.I suggest picking up `` Riders on the Storm '' by John Densmore or `` Light my Fire '' by Ray Manzarek , both books have their personal accounts and are much more interesting.I mean if you 're gon na just make up scenes at least do it for the benifit of the audience and the person you 're portraying . At least show a little of Jim Morrison 's good side and not just jimbo . <
 When I heard that Stone was going to make the movie I was excited , but very disappointed in the movie . It failed to capture the essence of Jim Morrison the man . His life and the fact that he was more beautiful than the actor who portrayed him . As a doors fan from the 60 `` s , Kilmer didnt play Jim as convincingly . He wasnt as beautiful as Jim . Ryan as Pamela was boring . She had more dye in her hair than Pamela ever did . The rest of the doors were not as defined as well as they should have been . Jim had a troubled life , but where in the hell did the bald guy come from , what was up with him .
 I will say the only good thing I have to say about this waste of celluloid right up front . I enjoyed Val Kilmer 's performance as Jim Morrison . He did the best job he could with the woeful script he was given . If only we could have had the same performance in a better film.This film is awful on so many levels . Its characterisations are not true to the known descriptions of the people it portrays , most of whom were still living at the time the film was released . The only excuse for that kind of sloppiness is that Oliver Stone wanted to portray Jim Morrison , his friends , his band , his lovers , and the era in which he lived in Stone 's own way , regardless of the facts.Yes , I was not there , I did not know Jim Morison at the time , nay , I was not even born . But I have read his printed works , seen his films , and listened to his music . As a musician , author , poet and songwriter , myself , I know that one can tell much about an artist from his work . Whether or not No One Here Gets out Alive , or Break On Through , or Ray Manzarek and John Densmore 's memoirs give a more accurate picture of Jim Morrison 's life and death is not at issue here , nor is my generational status.The Jim Morrison portrayed by this film is not the artist I , or any other fan , or fellow musician or writer know from the man 's body of work . As such , Oliver Stone 's film is an insult to the late Mr. Morrison both as an artist and a man.Oliver Stone 's `` The Doors '' is cheap , tawdry , badly written , poorly made and , with the exception of Mr. Kilmer 's performance , badly acted . Even if you are not a fan of the Doors you should avoid this film at all costs ; if for no other reason than out of simple respect for the dead , who as Mr. Stone well knows , can not be libeled or slandered and no longer have the ability to speak in their own defence.If you are a fan of the Doors and of Jim Morrison I must urge you even more strongly to avoid this film . It will outrage and infuriate you , but , worse , it will sadden you deeply to see the dreadful spectacle of a lesser artist 's attempt to usurp the vision of a greater one by standing on his shoulders.Or , in Oliver Stone 's case , on Jim Morrison 's tombstone .
 This is so stereotypical !!! This Oliver Stone guy ... I thought he was awesome you know . But now that I know the truth ... The guys a quack . This movie is not accurate . It makes it into this Romeo and Juliet setting , but in this movie Romeo plays the part of Jekyll and Hyde . If you know anything then you know all of those people who helped out in the film ... they all backed out as they viewed the film because of the inaccuracies . Everyone did ... well everyone that mattered . Patricia Keanley stated that she backed out the further the progression of the movie occurred . The only value this movie has is Val Kilmer Nailed the Part . He should have been in a real movie of the doors and Crispin Glover , he played his part ... but not to real life , to the part that Stone wrote for them . I am surprised they put interviews and such ... if I were Patricia and Robby , I would sue for slander and such . Here is one example . I have read many books on The Doors . And no where ... NO WHERE ... did I read . `` Jim locks Pam in a closet , uses lighter fluid then sets door on fire !!! '' Then she would have been burned or died in real life from inhalation . I ca n't believe anything the guy every touched . Lloyd Kaufman does n't like him either . I mean really , A woman exposing herself at the Airport in front of reporters . It was n't Woodstock ... in fact The Doors were n't even invited to Woodstock.When You 're Strange
 I watch about 60 movies a year . This one is long , boring and not worth your time to say the least . Very surprising given all the great reviews and Oliver Stone direct it . You could sum this movie up in about 5 min -LRB- not 2 hours it takes to watch ! -RRB- and it could have been told in a more interesting way . Booooo . Terrible movie .
 The movie is amazing . . Val Kilmer deserved an Oscar for his roles . . Maybe the best acting role in the 1990s . Ok . . The DVD 2 disk special edition . . You 'd expect the movie to be a proper transfer . . Heck , the put released it with 2 DVDs . . NOPE . . It is in widescreen letterbox 2.35:1 . . BUT it is so small that it 's a little bot in the center of the screen -LRB- bars on the top , bottom , right , and left ... big ones -RRB- . . You need to use the zoom function ... or the cinema function on your TV to make it full screen letter box 2.35:1 In doing this . . it greatly reduces the video quality ... WOW . . I was shocked.I 've only encountered this ONE OTHER TIME on a straight to video junk movie from Netflix a year or more ago . . I 've never seen this codec used . . it is like it was made for use in a video ipod.I have `` Gladiator '' Extended edition with both Theatrical and Extended on one DVD . . Same with `` Apocalypse Now Redux '' so it is n't a size limitation as both those films fit on a dual layer DVD . . I do not understand why they would do this . . Maybe Hollywood does truly hate Oliver Stone
 Oliver Stone , a great director in general , really slacks off in this one ! I understand Kilmer as a choice for Morrison but , Meg Ryan as Pam ... only in a dream world.All the dates and many facts were either wrong or excluded . Stone even turned to making things up to fill time and help move the story along . All in all a very good story but , not nearly an accurate depiction of Jims ' rise and fall
 Oliver Stone 's portrayal of the Doors and Jim Morrison is extreme and in many cases untrue and exaggerated . He takes the events of the Doors and binds them into cliche rock band problems that never happened . The UCLA film by Jim Morrison was never that extreme , and there were a lot more inaccuracies in the movie . If you want a true account of the Doors , read Light My Fire by Ray Manzarek .
 I can only say that this film is , as Manzarek calls it , `` atrocious . `` Silly , Hollywood fluff that has Jim Morrison probably rolling over in his grave to this day.There are so many inaccuracies about his character and events in this film , that it 's hard to take it seriously . The worst is watching Kilmer strut around 24/7 in some exaggerated , drugged out looking stupor throughout the film . The worst is the way he speaks , as if Morrison were a stoned surfer -LRB- `` like , dude '' -RRB- . Just an awful , awful film and typical of Stone 's directorial decline.Avoid at all costs . Watch the Doors ' music DVD 's or read the books if you want to learn about or listen to or watch the Doors .
 I picked up this 2 disc 15th anniversary edition -LRB- THE ONE WITH THE PURPLE COVER -RRB- a couple years ago when it was being blown out new for $ 6 & just got around to watching it . It 's one of those ultra wide & short wide screens , & it seems to me that the tops of people 's heads are frequently cut off ; I 'm wondering if Lions Gate messed up on the aspect ratio during mastering as has happened with a few other films . I no longer have the original version to compare it with , but I strongly suspect this was messed up .
 Sure , the average viewer is not likely to turn off the tv from boredom while watching Oliver Stone 's `` The Doors . '' Yet , the average viewer is not likely to believe that this is a great - nor even rather good - film , either.What are the film 's good or great points ? On the `` great '' side is the Doors ' music - the classics come alive here very well . Though , the glory in reference to the music goes to Morrison and the Doors , not Stone . The other great point is Val Kilmer 's potrayal of Morrison - he deserved an oscar nomination -LRB- did he get one ? -RRB- . He was great . The supporting cast is decent , too - especially Kathy Quinlen . On occasion , the film can be entertaining . The crew 's early gigs are especially fun to see.Yet , on the lousy side , on occassion , Stone probes so deep into Morrisson 's alleged ugly life that the film becomes ugly itself - so ugly that its stature goes down . At times , it 's almost unbearable ! Also , the film is highly depressing . The film also suffers from a lack of a total agenda . At one moment we see the band 's sexual excesses . At another moment we see the band 's drug excesses . At another we see Morrisson 's strange religious side . At another we see Morrisson 's strange alcoholic binge , or his stomach overkill , etc. etc. . Also disapointing is Meg Ryan . She does very little for the movie . Her character is walked upon and she did not stand up for herself!Why did Stone even make this film ? Why uplift such a rather ugly and raunchy character such as this ? What does this give to us as a society except knowing that such a scum bag -LRB- with all due respect ... -RRB- existed ? Sure , he was a genius in many ways - yet - he is not a good movie character . Nobody cares!All in all , `` The Doors '' is nto your typical Oliver Stone movie - it 's not really good . I 'd recommend it to Doors fans , and to those who enjoy Stone 's usual crazy movie antics . But to others , I 'd recommnend that they simply buy the soundtrack and enjoy the classics .
 When I first time heard about this movie , I wanted to see it . 30.12.98 my wish came true , and I saw it . And I have to say I was really disappointed . I do n't think Jim was anything like that -LRB- but Val did look like him -RRB- , too much naked women , `` John '' did n't look like John , `` Robby '' did n't look like Robby , `` Patricia '' did n't look like Patricia , everything happened too fast , and Jim DID N'T drink his blood -LRB- read NO ONE HERE GETS OUT ALIVE -RRB- . ` This one lonely star is from the music .
 dated June 5 , 2000 , that no one has reviewed this movie from an unbiased standpoint -- Dude , I could n't care less about Jim Morrison or his `` doors '' either way , so , rather unfortunately , I 'm merely left with this movie that Oliver Stone dumped , like a pile of rubbish , on an unsuspecting world . * The Doors * features pretentious photography , time-lapse photography , jump-cut photography , murky photography , and downright MTV-inspired photography . Stone even uses a Steadicam at various points , for Pete 's sake . The results are ugly , to be frank.But forget all that ; that 's technical stuff , and may be overlooked as long as the subject matter is worth watching . I 'm afraid that Stone failed to make his case , here . The question before the Court is
 this movie is hogwash . oliver stone blew it with this one.With subject matter as the doors a really good film could have been made . its filled wth inaccurate information ie jim didnt quit film school stone did ! the surviving Doors in documentaries state that stone missed the boat , morrison had addictions he also was talented but by the look of this film you would never be able to tell . Val kilmer does look and sound alittle like jim morrison but he never seems to let us want to care anything about him or his art.the movie is a mixed up mess `` IS EVERYBODY IN '' Gee i hope not !
 be serious
 I know Oliver Stone has won 2 Oscars for his screenwriting ... but that does n't alter my opinion that he is one of the worst screenwriters going . This movie confirms that fact as much as anything . Norman Mailer in VANITY FAIR called this `` one of the all-time bad movies . '' And Val Kilmer carries himself like a handsome guy , but his face actually is n't that handsome . Jim Morrison was a really handsome guy . They needed someone with Morrison 's looks and charisma to play the lead . Kilmer does have the mannerisms and voice down , but it 's not enough . I did n't give it one star , only because the music is so great to listen to .
 When I saw this film for the first time , about three months ago , I started wondering was that the Doors that I fell in love with ? It was so different than the Doors that I read about in the books , but I guess it was true , because John , Robby and Ray were all a part of the filmmakers . To me the movie was a shock , is that the way everything happened ? I guess it was.Actors were good , music -LRB- of course -RRB- was good and the directing was good , but ... something was missing .
 For anyone who is interested in seeing this movie , you would be better off reading any of the books out there on the Doors , or listening to their music . Your money would be better spent that way instead on this movie . This movie was inaccurate and poorly made . Oliver Stone , even though he had help from the remaining members of the Doors and other people who knew Jim Morrison , did n't know what the truth was even if it bit him in the behind . Jim himself is probably rolling in his grave because of this movie and how he was portrayed as a stoned , drunk , abusive jerk who could n't keep his pants zipped , even though he was talented and highly intelligent . That part , obviously , was forgotten . I personally hope that Mr. Stone is proud of himself for accomplishing that feat.In conclusion , this movie is an insult to Doors fans , the remaining members of the Doors and those who knew them , but most importantly , to James Douglas Morrison .
 Oliver Stone has built a career on taking real people & real events from certain time periods and presenting a fictional account of said events with a few crumbs of truth sprinkled in to provide the guise of accuracy & integrity . Same here . The sad thing is , another , more talented , more devoted-to-the-truth director could make a better film but what studio will back another movie about The Doors ? Therefore , sadly , this film is what stands , in some respect , as the `` truth '' concerning Morrison to most people who watch it and do n't care to seek out more information . Val Kilmer 's brilliant performance is wasted .
 I have watched other Oliver Stone movies before and liked them . I do n't know what he or anyone else was thinking when they made this movie . It was a mess . Maybe I need to be drunk or stoned to appreciate it.This movie was very poorly written . I agree with an earlier reviewer that it makes Jim Morrison look like a drunken jerk . It was either way too long or way too slow . Either way , it did not hold my interest . Meg Ryan was a doll in other movies of hers . But in here ? She just could not live up to the material . She was definitely a poor casting choice in this movie.If you like The Doors , I am sure that there are better choices out there than this garbage .
 I am a huge fan of Jackass , but am extremely disappointed . I was expecting extra footage , no bleeping of curse words or blurring of naughty bits , but no ... these DVD 's are exactly what was on TV & I already had every episode on tape . Now I 'll be the sucker buying them again when the ` deluxe & uncensored ' version comes out . It 's still really funny though , so If you do n't have them on tape or have never seen these episodes , then pick it up .
 1 -RRB- The curse words are censored , and so is the nudity -LRB- just like on TV -RRB- .2 -RRB- No special features whatsoever .3 -RRB- This is not seasons 2 and 3 of the show . It is a compilation of so-called `` greatest Jackass moments '' .4 -RRB- Some of the funniest skits/stunts are cut out , and in some of the skits the original songs have been changed to something else .5 -RRB- Just to avoid any confusion , there is no `` Volume 1 '' . I guess if you have no other way to watch Jackass , this would have to do . But for a true fan of the show , this is so disappointing . Even the Jackass guys have said in interviews that this DVD set sucks , and that MTV sucks.The only thing you gain from buying this over just taping it off TV is no commerical interruptions . Other than that it is just like watching the show on TV , only with many of your favorite stunts cut out , and some of your favorite songs replaced ! I 'm not advocating piracy or anything , but send MTV a message that we are not morons who will stand for being blatantly ripped off ! Do n't spend your hard-earned money on this POS
 All parts are gross and NOT VERY GOOD . At parts i was gagging it was so gross . DO N'T RENT OR BUY THIS MOVIE . IT IS NOT WORTH IT.THIS MOVIE IS NOT FOR PEOPLE WITH A WEAK STOMACH OR MINORS.On the last note : PLEASE DO NOT TRY THESE STUNTS AT HOME OR ANYWHERE ELSE !
 Do n't bother with this set . Seriously , this is a cheap , rushed attempt to cash in on the success of the movie with nothing to offer . Each ` volume ' is merely a questionably selected ` greatest hits ' - pathetic considering each 8-9 episode ` season ' could fit comfortably on 2 discs . All the censoring remains intact and the music has been altered for many segments -LRB- generally for the worst -RRB- . There 's also ZERO previously unseen footage -LRB- nothing from the infamous ` Too Hot for MTV ' -RRB- , and there are essentially no extras . The lack of a simple running commentary track like the one featured on Steve-O 's 1st Do n't Try this at Home release is just ridiculous ; that could have at least given these releases some purpose.I fully expect to see uncensored , complete releases of each season within a year or two ; the controversy will have died down by then and given the popularity of the movie and these mediocre collections MTV will try to milk the property as much as possible . Until then , pick up the Steve-O videos or the CKY Box set in lieu of this junk .
 when i first bought these dvd 's i thought it had all the jackass Skits , but it did n't . It does n't even have the best skits such as the Heavy Metal alam clock , Knoxville walking around in a fake boner , the Corn sled , etc. . I have to admit , there where some good scenes in it such as the Lawn trap and the Snake river bmx . Do n't waste your money on these dvds , you would be beter off taping the jackass episodes off mtv .
 P > ... Jackass ' `` creative masterminds '' of Johnny Knoxville and company are really just one step below carnvial geeks ... The crew of Jackass , which includes independant film darling Spike Jonze -LRB- real name Adam Speigal -RRB- , just turn the cameras on and act as idiotic as humanly possible.Between the so-called `` stunts '' there are a few comedy bits , all of which seemed like they were ripped off from other sources . Namely from the Howard Stern Show , The Man Show and the U.K. 's Trigger Happy TV ... When bits are conceived by the Man Show or Stern there 's a creative process that goes on behind the scenes . One thing that Howard Stern has always strived for is originality ... Then it 's no longer original or creative . It 's just stupidity . Worse , it 's not even funny !! Between the stunts and the comedy sketches the viewer is also treated to vast doses of `` Whoa dude ! '' , `` Hey man ! '' and other so-called `` hip '' lingo . I did n't know what was harder to take , the idiotic stunts or the inane prattle ... P.T. Barnum once said `` There 's a sucker born every minute '' . The difference between someone like Barnum is that when he swindled you at least his machinations were brilliantly concieved and well planned . Jackass is neither . It is offensive and an insult to call this piece trash `` comedy '' . It is neither entertaining or funny . It 's just plain stupid .
 the company saw my mailing address and still sold me two copies of the wrong region ... . dvds will not play on my home , now i have to spend more money to buy two more and i lost money by buying the first two ... so i am very unhappy with this purchase ... how could you receive my billing and mailing address and still sell me a product that wo n't even work in my region .
 I can not rate the video because I ca n't view . The video does not work . I am so disappointed with amazon and the seller gives me some convoluted story about the video . Finished purchasing items through amazon .
 I love Micheal Jackson and have always wanted to see this movie . To be honest it was not the greatest movie I have ever seen , but it was cute and if you like The King of Pop you will like this movie .
 I have not seen the stage play ; but the video `` Wiz '' is very oddly paced . Far too many slow ballads in minor keys to suit my taste . Even the rockin ' songs have an overload of sharps , flats and disjointed rhythms . The pacing of the music and spoken sections is far too slow to maintain interest IMO ... the only section that really moves is the middle , where Dorothy is joined by her three Friends for their quest . The filmmaker has apparently become so enamored of the set design and costuming that it takes priority over telling the story . And who IS the strange , ominous stalker with the tray of odd-looking items ? The song `` Ease on Down the Road '' does , however , ALMOST make up for these deficiencies : o -RRB-
 I never saw this movie as a child , so nostalgia was unable to assist me in appreciating this movie the way that it helped some of the other reviewers . I found the movie oppressive and unrelentingly dull . Diana Ross sqeals and whines from start to finish , and , though she plays the lead , is completely unable to make her character at all likable . An emotionally crippled 30-something teacher living with her parents is a terrible premise for the main character anyway . She 's so pathetic that it 's impossible to care for her the way we cared about Judy Garland in the original . I like Diana Ross , but I hated this character , and indeed I hated the entire movie . Watching the thing just made me feel awful .
 July 5 , 2010Since amazon asked for my review , here it is : I purchased this DVD movie about 3 weeks ago in anticipation of watching and remembering the movie I saw so many years ago ... and to give it to my 6 yr old Grand-daughter as a gift.Well to my complete disappointment , the movie skipped ... and skipped ... and skipped !!! I had paid full `` new '' price for this item and expected excellent video and sound quality.I even had a bowl of popcorn ready to enjoy while watching itI do not recommmend buyers using amazon to purchase dvds -- at all .
 This DVD was coded for the UK , not America , and would not play in my DVD players . I was disappointed .
 The Wiz was a terrible movie . The charisma was shinning , but the acting was crying for most of the story . The behind the scenes footage was more interesting than the movie itself . I was able to find out why in the world this movie was developed in the first place.The Sidney Lumet 's version of The Wiz was not only his vision , but the movie industry 's vision . The industry viewed The Wiz as a testiment to African folklore . The stereotypes of African Urban life/African-American Urban folklore is dismantled due to a lack of understanding of the colliquiallism . The language , aesthetics , and ways of a culture has been seriously damaged here.This corrupts the imagination not only of African/African-American people , but the whole human race . Now , it 's going to take African people to establish their own banks/financing , studios , and distribution system , movie theaters , and networks to outdo the misinterpretions.Sidney Lumet claimed he rather had placed The Wiz in the city because he lived in New York at the time . I do n't think this was his decision alone . I 'm not pointing fingers at Sidney Lumet because the people during those times in the movie industry were only reacting to the way the social , political , and economic climate looked upon African people.The movie was a waste of time and it lost over $ 30 million dollars .
 Although it sports a first rate cast , a brilliant score , and premiere production values , the film version of `` The Wiz '' is about as slow as molasses in a hard freeze on the high plains . The celebrated stars , particularly Ross and Jackson , deliver surprisingly weak performances which drag the film to a near standstill , and the director lacks any real feeling for the surreal fantasy of the material ; even more surprising , the film traffics in a weird sort of covert racism of imagery which stereotypes the all-black cast in a way which the stage production does not . One gets the feeling that every one involved gritted their teeth with steely determination to make a classic ; in consequence , the only thing which emerges on the screen is gritted teeth . Instead of buying or renting the film , order a copy of the Broadway soundtrack , which shows you what a sparkler the show really is .
 This was a huge disappointment for me back in 1978 and it has NOT improved with age , except for a few of the dance sequences .
 This movie loses a lot in translation into something more `` urban '' . It is no longer a movie for young children as it contains visual imagery of prostitutes , drug users , and what appear to be pimps instead of horses changing colors . I actually had to cover my granddaughter 's eyes while Dorothy was leaving Munchkinland to find the Yellow Brick Road , because she ended up in what appeared to be the `` Red Light District '' of Munchkinland , which is filled with graffiti and trash . This is a terrible , unnecessary remake with a mottled message .
 This dvd sucked.I could n't wait to get this DVD and watch it with my 14 year old son . . only to find it was all scratched up . Most parts skipped and others just never showed up . . lol * sigh * I will try again with a BRAND NEW dvd !
 So bad that I felt compelled to write a review . What 's wrong with this movie ? Here 's a short list : The songs by Charlie Smalls do n't work , with several exceptions . For the most part they are boring , disco-funk knockoffs with little intelligence , fun or originality about them . The ballads are overblown and over sung . The exceptions being the songs Brand New Day and Ease on Down The Road which are both good and appropriate to what was happening in the movie . Unfortunately the characters break into song far too often , even for a musical . There 's WAY too much singing.The dance routines that usually acompany the songs are spectacular , but overlong , oftimes silly/bad , and almost completely pointless . On stage they may have been exhilarating , but on the big screen they fall completely flat . Seriously a lot of this looks like an overblown Sid and Marty Kroft TV show . HR Puffenstuff anyone?Diana Ross is MUCH too old for the role by at the very least 10 years . Her voice which was never that good to begin with , is weak . She was chosen as lead singer of the Supremes because of her looks , not her voice . And her `` acting '' is by turns unbelievable , creepy and text book over-acted . I doubt even James Lipton of Actors Studio fame could find much to praise here . I found Ross ' Dorothy to be a thoroughly unsympathetic character
 Visually delightful but overall mediocre Universal/Motown all black cast screen adaptation of Broadway musical based on the L. Frank Baum novel . Dorothy -LRB- Diana Ross -RRB- , Toto , the Scarecrow -LRB- Michael Jackson -RRB- , the Tinman -LRB- Nipsey Russell -RRB- and the Cowardly Lion -LRB- Ted Ross in role that won him a Tony on Broadway -RRB- make their journey down the Yellow Brick Road in search of `` The Wiz '' -LRB- Richard Pryor -RRB- who resides in the Emerald City and reportedly has the power to grant each their wish -LRB- a trip home , a brain , a heart and courage -RRB- . The film begins with the painfully shy 24 year old Dorothy helping with a family gathering at her home . After the gathering her dog Toto runs off and while chasing him she gets swept away by a tornado that materializes from a blizzard -LRB- ! -RRB- . She and Toto are magically transported to the Land of Oz with the aid of Glinda the Good Witch of the South -LRB- Lena Horne in bit role -RRB- . The Wicked Witch of the East is inadvertantly killed during Dorothy 's arrival and Dorothy is given her silver slippers and told not to take them off until she leaves Oz . Thus the adventure begins.The movie was filmed in and around New York City including at Shea Stadium , Coney Island and in the central plaza of the World Trade Center -LRB- which served as the setting for the Emerald City -RRB- . The indoor set shots were filmed at Astoria Studios on Long Island . In fact the sets are very well done and add greatly to the ambience of the almost post-apocalyptic urbanized setting of Oz . While some laud the musical numbers in the movie -LRB- arranged by Quincy Jones -RRB- , I found most of the songs forgettable . There are musical highlights however , including the title song `` The Wiz '' , `` Do n't Nobody Bring Me No Bad News '' -LRB- sang by Mabel King in role as Evillenne the Wicked Witch of the West -RRB- , `` Believe In Yourself '' -LRB- performed by Lena Horne in her only musical number -RRB- and the best remembered song from the film , `` Ease On Down The Road '' - the movie 's equivalent of `` Follow The Yellow Brick Road '' from the far superior 1939 film version . A couple of elaborate dance numbers also populate the film , including a weird number featuring the newly freed minions of Evillene dancing in their underwear.I remember thoroughly enjoying this film as a child when it was released theatrically . As an adult however I found it a little slow , almost boring in parts . It 's also more difficult to watch the scenes with Michael Jackson and especially those of the World Trade Center without being distracted from the story in light of subsequent events . I also thought that Ross ' portrayal of Dorothy was overly whiney which provoked mild irritation . Overall I would recommend this movie to those with grade school aged children -LRB- the movie is rated G -RRB- . The DVD version is a good widescreen transfer and provides some extras -LRB- production notes , trailer , cast bios and short making of featurette `` Wiz On Down The Road '' -RRB- and is certainly preferable to the VHS version.While the Broadway production won 7 Tony 's , the film was nominated for 4 Academy Awards -LRB- Best Costumes , Best Art Direction/Set Direction , Best Cinematography and Best Adapted Music Score -RRB- , losing in all categories .
 The Wiz -LRB- 1978 -RRB- was a hip , modernised , all-black version of L. Frank Baum 's famous fantasy , adventure story , The Wonderful Wizard Of -LRB- first published at the dawn of the century -RRB- . We all know of course that the best version of this famous childrens story will forever be the delightful Judy Garland classic of 1939 . Though brave and ambitious , The Wiz in it 's favour is a diverse though failed experiment to bring the story into a more contemporary setting.Soul music legend Diana Ross was oddly -LRB- mis -RRB- cast as Dorothy with the character in this film being a rather neurotic , wet-behind-the-ears 24 year old harlem school teacher who is whisked away in a snow blizzard one night and lands in Oz.I really wanted to like this film being such a huge fan of the diva of all diva 's Diana Ross and although Ross is , as always , vocally excellent throughout each film -LRB- especially on her spine-tingling delivery of the exalting number , Home -RRB- she just was never suited for the role as if anything she was just far too glamorous -LRB- and too old being 34 when she starred in this -RRB- . The Wiz had opened at Broadway Theatres in the mid 1970 's to rave reviews and the winner of many Tony awards . Stephanie Mills took on the role of Dorothy and it was naturally assumed that Mills would go on to star in the film version but on hearing about the film adaptation , Ross was adament that she wanted to play the role much to the reluctance of her boss and mentor Berry Gordy.Ross relentlessly pursued Gordy about the role and hesitantly let her take the role . With Ross on board -LRB- who won critical acclaim for her harrowing and powerful performance as the tortured jazz legend , Billie Holiday in Lady Sings The Blues -RRB- The Wiz was turned into a big budget extravagansa.Joining Ross in the cast was none other than Michael Jackson as the scarecrow . Jackson hideously whinges and whines through the heavily schmaltzy dialogue but like Ross is vocally superb throughout.Nipsey Russell assumes the role of the Tin Man which he plays to some effect whilst Ted Ross surprisingly shines in his intepretation as the cowadly lion . Funny man Richard Pryor takes on the role of the infamous and bogus Wiz -LRB- in what is possibly his worst ever film role -RRB- . Mabel King takes on the role of Evileene -LRB- a total contrast to the wicked witch of the west on which the character is loosley based -RRB- where as Lena Horne pops up as Glinda The Good Witch.With such a vastly impressive cast line-up , The Wiz looked almost certain to be a huge smash hit with the budget exceeding well over $ 30,000,000 . It boasted a few good numbers by Ross and Jackson , a few spectacular dance routines and some fabulous set designs courtesy of Tony Walton . However Sidney Lumet 's direction is flat and unappealing.Oz is immersed in The Wiz as a dark , inner-city impressionism in comparison to the more colourful , confectionary Garland version . With the urban setting it seems rather disjointed that the scripts overdose on old fashioned cliches and what amounts too pure schmaltz . The film actually alternates between schmaltz and smart sarcasm humour which goes together like oil and water in this instance.The Emerald City sequences are actually quite dazzlingly impressive with the dancing particularly spectacular -LRB- though is slightly over-long -RRB- where as the scene where Evileene is destroyed is another highlight of the film where the lengthy cast all join Ross for the exalting number , A Brand New Day.The entire soundtrack was written and composed by the upmost genius and always creative Quincy Jones with one of the other highlights of the soundtrack being the fabulously funky Ease On Down The Road sung by Ross and jackson as the alternative to Follow The yellow Brick Road.The cast all try hard but the bottom line is The Wiz was just too long , too bland and very forgetable . Though a highly ambitious production The Wiz turned out to be one of the most embarssing turkey 's of all time and Ross was virtually ridiculed by critics for her performance in the film -LRB- which many solely blame her for the film 's downfall -RRB- . The Wiz is interesting to look at just once to see all those great stars at work but this is a film you will NEVER want to watch again after viewing it once . Sad and embarassing !
 Aside from this DVD not being 16:9 and including zero extras , the film itself is extremely boring , the songs or terribly written and witless , and the acting is the pits and pathetically miscast in almost every department -LRB- outside of Michael Jackson who does a brilliant job -RRB- . The only `` hits '' from the show on more chants than songs , I would much rather watch The Apple or Xanadu or eat live rodents than have to suffer through this again .
 I remember seeing this movie long ago when I was younger , I did n't really enjoy it at all.It made me fall asleep.It was really cheesy and corny.I was like what do they think there doing !!! Now that I 'm a bit older , every time I think about I just laugh and shake my head.I still be like what were they thinking doing a -LRB- corny -RRB- movie like this ?! I just saw it the other night in a Blockbusters , -LRB- on dvd and vhs -RRB- , I just snickered , picked it up and looked at it like , mmm , mmm , mmm , this movie was horrible.I mean Diana Ross seemed to old to play the role as `` Dorothy '' , -LRB- though I do n't believe that was the name of her character -RRB- . And Michael 's make-up and outfit was just irritating.I was going to ask my father to rent it so I could just see it one more time -LRB- just to see if it was just that bad -RRB- , but I just said , nah , it 's not worth it!It was just that corny!Now the Wizard of Oz that I know with Judy Garland , was way better and much more memorable to me than the `` Wiz '' . I 'm 16 now , and I still like to watch `` The Wizard of Oz '' , it was the best!And Judy Garland did a great job singing `` Somewhere over the rainbow '' . Some classics you just ca n't go behind and redo !
 Im going to give my honest opinion . I bought this video because as a child I LOVED the original Wizard of OZ . Since then my kids have become big fans of it too . So I bought The Wiz thinking it was goin to be good also . This movie was VERY slow . The scenes were dark , And all together very boring . I Ended up putting the Original Wizard of Oz in the VCR before the Wiz was even over . Sorry , didnt like it .
 This is a complete waste of time . `` Creepy '' is the best way to describe this movie . It is no wonder it bombed at the box office .
 Horrible , terrible , boring , tremndomsly bad , bad , bad , these word do n't said anything about this movie . It was the worst remake I have ever seen . What is with the taxi cab ? The writer should be ashamed of himself .
 The original Wizard of Oz , is a true classic . This black version is absolutely horrendous ! The only reason I watched it at all , is because Michael Jackson was in it . As incredible an entertainer as he is , he could n't save this disaster . Do yourself a favor , watch the original , this version stinks .
 The soundtrack is excellent ! The movie is simply bad , and the sets and locations are some of the ugliest things I have ever seen . Was this entire movie shot in a garbage dump ? Simply watching this thing is depressing . Do yourself a favor and watch the original with Judy Garland . It 'll put a smile on your face again and again .
 There are some films that should be left alone . The wonderful 1939 classic `` The Wizard of Oz '' is one of them.This feeble effort is an insult to anyone who loved the original . Diana Ross as Dorothy , when she 's not even half as talented as Judy Garland was ? Get real ! For one thing , she 's WAY too old . To me , Dorothy will ALWAYS be Judy Garland . Judy 's portrayal of Dorothy sparkled with yearning , vitality , and vulnerability . Who can forget her poignant rendition of `` Over The Rainbow ? '' Diana 's `` Dorothy '' is positively annoying . You actually want her to return home from Oz because once she does , this sacriligious movie will be over!As for the rest of the cast , they are so collectively bad in their parts that they do n't even rate a mention . It 's a pity that all the talented people involved with this production could n't make a talented movie .
 I could n't let the 2 reviews written be the only ones out here . This is truly one of the worst musicals ever made . I suspect Mr. Lumet only did it because of his mother-in-law -LRB- Lena Horne -RRB- . Everyone involved should be embarassed and ashamed for perpetrating this travesty on one of the greatest films of all time . Luckily , most of those involved never made another movie ... and well they should n't have after this . This is one time I ca n't really blame the director , as he is one of the few good directors still alive and working . But then he had never attempted a musical before , and , thank goodness , has never attempted another . Though I must say , he should have been forced to watch this and do a commentary as retribution . As for the show itself , it has long been forgetten , thankfully , and should stay that way .
 A great director 's -LRB- Sidney Lumet -RRB- worst film .1 . Diana Ross is way too old , and frankly , it is laughable when she tries to sound sincere .2 . The dialogue and lyrics are so ridiculously dated and sound like the self-help nonsense from the 70s .3 . The costumes look like something the PTA would create for the school play -LRB- Oscar nomination ? Seriously ? -RRB- 4 . It is way too long -LRB- 2 hours 15 minutes of monotony -RRB- 5 . They removed all the great songs from the original show and replaced them with dull , touchy-feely tunes .6 . A lot of it is shot from far away -LRB- obviously to play down Diana Ross ' age -RRB- 7 . The sets look like rejects from Sesame Street -LRB- Oscar nomination for that ? -RRB- 8 . Ending is really dull and sad9 . Richard Pryor looks like he is another movieWhat should have been a fun , tuneful fantasy has been turned into along , dull trek by someone you just do n't care about and accompanied byactors who look embarrassed to be wearing these Fruit-of-the-Looms .
 You think it would be written somewhere noticeable since I am purchasing this in the United States and I expect my videos to play in the correct format . I have to order another one because my kids want this movie so bad . Very disappointed . I could have purchased the anniversary addition for what I have to pay to replace the first one . Not happy .
 I would give this movie a negative star rating . My daughter had her classmates -LRB- middle/high school -RRB- over to watch the movie becasue their school is performing the play -LRB- when it was on Broadway it won about 10 Tony awards -RRB- . The movie was worse than horrible , we all found it racist , stereotyping black people , and extremely painful to watch -LRB- not because of the material but the way it was acted and portrayed -RRB- . I apologized to all the parents for wasting their kids brain cells . The kids did not like it but said they would finish watching it -LRB- I offered another movie about 45 minutes into this one which is 2 hours and 15 minutes -RRB- . The music was fine but the visual detracted from it 's enjoyment .
 I read the reviews before selecting which The Wiz DVD I would purchase . I already loved the movie ; so , reviews and price were my deciding factors . Now that I 've purchased and viewed the 30th Anniversary Edition I think I may have gotten a dud or bootleg DVD . The picture quality was so dark throughout the entire movie . My plasma TV usually shows a bright brilliant picture , but not with this DVD . No amount of adjustments improved the picture . The original version on Netfix shows a better picture than the DVD I got . I 'm going to return it for another copy . If the picture is still dark I 'll request a refund .
 This film was one of the biggest disapointments in my movie-going life . I had been dreaming of this all black adaptation of Frank L. Braun 's classic story of the Wonderful Wizard of OZ since hearing the original broadway cast recording starring Stephanie Mills , way back in 1975 . So when it was annouced that the WIZ would be produced with Diana Ross starring as Dorothy , Michael Jackson as the Scarecrow , Nipsy Russell as the Tin Man , Ted Ross as the Cowardly Lion , Lena Horne as the Glenda The Good Witch , and Richard Pryor as the WIZ , I was overjoyed , thinking that with such a great cast and an announced budget of $ 28,000,000 , -LRB- which at the time was the most expensive movie musical of all time -RRB- it would naturally be a magical movie experience . I could n't have been more mistaken.This over-blown , dark-nightmare of a film was a complete and total disaster , from those cheap looking opening credits to the abrupt and unsatisfying ending . The original story of young Dorothy Gail , an innocent girl yearning to get out of the projects and on to a better life , was changed -LRB- to accomodate Ross ' advanced age , -RRB- to the sad story of a thirty something elementary school teacher who is so afraid of living that she seeks refuge from the real world with her Aunt Em and Uncle Henry . They are so tired of this sad sack mooching off them that sweet old Aunt Em takes the bull by the horns and actually tells her it 's time for her to go make a life of her own . Then Toto suddenly runs out of the safety of the apartment into a blinding snow storm with Dorothy chasing close behind , and out of nowhere a tornado made of snow wiskes them both off to the scary land of OZ.From this point the WIZ takes on the feel of a film pieced together with scotch tape . The directing is so erradic and uneven that each segment feels like it was directed by different people . The editing job if you could call it that , is a car wreck , -LRB- I actually believe you could re-edit this movie and make a far better film -RRB- it jumps and jerks from one shot to another , with no thought given to flow , or pace . The musical numbers are the best thing about the movie but are way to long and dreadfully over-produced . The performances vary from Ross ' pitiful Dorothy , who whines her way through this hodgepodge and manages to make you wonder if her performance in `` Lady Sings The Blues '' was a fluke , to Michael Jackson 's equally sad , scarecrow character . In between we find poor Lena Horne 's who 's role as Glenda was handled exactly the way she was back in the forties and fifties at MGM . She is ushered on-stage for one quick song , and then is seen no more . Richard Pryor is terrible as the WIZ , he is such a loser that he ca n't even come up with any words of wisdom for this bunch of hapless misfits after being found to be a fraud.Finally , there is no joy or happiness in this movie and those are the two things a fantasy such as this must have to ever get off the ground . From the very beginning the WIZ is a tale of sadness and woe , with characters who are so pitiful , you never get the feeling that there might be a brighter day out there for any of them , just a dark and scary place called OZ .
 Well , the movie was alright but the good parts would skip . So i have had a lot of people tell me that they dont buy cds or dvds off the internet bc when you receive them they are all scrached now i belive it .
 Thank goodness Judy Garland was not around to see this bomb . And that is exactly what it did at the box office for good reason . First and formost Ross is far too old to be playing Dorothy . An excellent cast is wasted except Michael Jackson , who somehow though this mess of a film , gives a good performance . After this turkey neither did Jackson or Ross starred in another theatre released film . The film is soooo bad that Berry Gordy forbid it to be mentioned on any of the Motown tribute shows .
 i 'm a big Michael Jackson , Diana Ross & Richard Pryor fan.but this film falls flat.it made me happy with an all African-American cast.but the talents of all the folks involved do n't really shine.one great thing came out of this film the Meeting of Quincy Jones & Michael Jackson .
 I love THE WIZARD OF OZ . I love the book , and I especially love the 1939 movie version . I even love the less-popular 1985 sequal RETURN TO OZ . Maybe that 's why this film just does n't deliver.The film begins on the wrong note by casting Diana Ross as Dorthy . Not only is she way to old for the role , but her relaxed style of singing does n't match the material . She just does n't seem to be able to hold the picture together.Jackson , on the other hand , is well casted as the Scarecrow . It 's just a shame the rest of the cast is n't as memorable . Everyone just seems to be going through the motions with out bringing any emtion or life to their characters . The whole production just plods along until the disapointing finale , with Prior looking anemic as the Wiz.Yeah , the production values are good , but there 's no magic or joy . You and your family would be much better off following the old yellow brick road of the 1939 masterpiece .
 The Wizard Of Oz is a king among classic films , and no bonafide movie collection is without it . But the insipid concept of The Wiz , along with horribly dull performances and flat direction , result in a film experience that is without taste and beyond redemption . An insult to African-American culture and movie-goers in general .
 From the odd choice to have Diana Ross -LRB- who looks about 40 -RRB- in the lead to the bizarre set choices , this film is one that needs to be seen to be believed . Some of the songs are catchy , but that is the sum total in its favor and why I gave it two stars instead of one . Maybe the worst remake I have ever seen .
 While my family and I did enjoy the movie itself , the CD that we received was defective in three places which prevented us from enjoying a continuous veiwing of the movie . These defects were unexpected since the product was ordered as `` new '' and arrived with a standard plastic wrapping on the CD jacket .
 i was expecting a little more . thought there would be more to the making of the moving maybe some deleted scenes . but happy to have the movie
 I am a Wizard of Oz fanatic . This might have been good if they stuck to the play , `` The Wiz '' , but instead , they decided to RUIN it . Oz is turned into New York and ruins the story . This movie is awful . Plain and simple
 Not only is Diana Ross downright scary in this awful butchering of the stage show , the sets are creepy , the dancing is amateurish and that scene at the end in the factory defies explanation -- as if it wandered in from some really low-budget porn studio . Worst use of Hollywood talent -- Richard Pryor , Michael Jackson -- imaginable.Other than that , it was okay .
 I was watching `` The Wiz '' for the first time a few days ago . I came in about ten minutes into the movie , and my impressions were
 The Wiz is not the best version of the Wizard of oz . Diana Ross dosent have nearly as much energy as Judy Garland . The costumes are ok . The only thing I did n't like was the actor who played the wicked witch . And some of the sets could be more elaborate . My sugestion is dont waste your time on this movie .
 I 'm a great fan of Motown , but this production bored and annoyed me and scared the kids.Not worth it .
 I was disappointed to say the least . Not entertaining appart from two musical numbers , ` You ca n't win ' & ` Ease on down the road ' . Diana is too old to play a young Dorothy , and it 's all to fake really . I read somewhere about Sidney Lumet , that if he had the chance to do one of his movies again he would do The Wiz . Need I say more ?!
 ... The Wizard of Oz -LRB- and . . any movie , really -RRB- puts this to shame . I ca n't believe this is from the guy that did `` Dog Day Afternoon . '' Please , do yourself a favor and rent that instead .
 I do n't understand what the people in charge of producing `` The Wiz '' as a film , could get by joining the former `` BIG '' names of Diana Ross , Michael Jackson , Richard Pryor and Lena Horne in this trashy picture.The music soundtrack is by far , much better than the movie itself.I have lately become a great Soul music fan , so I recommend to get the soundtrack album and enjoy it considering it just as a very imaginative Soul music work , not keeping in mind that it 's a `` movie soundtrack '' . In such manner you will enjoy it more !
 I finally broke down and picked this up on DVD . The music is as stunningly handled -LRB- if not stunning in and of itself -RRB- as I remembered , and the filming is as strange . Pauline Kael was right ; Lumet shoots the musical numbers from about a block away . There are NO closeups of Mabel King -LRB- Evillene -RRB- during her big solo , `` No Bad News , '' 'til the end of the song . It 's like they thought , damn we built these big sets here in Astoria , we better show 'em ! And you never saw so many shots of characters moving away from the camera - lots of backs in this film , especially during `` Ease on Down the Road . '' Could it be that Call Her Miss Ross did n't do all her own `` easing ? '' Which brings me to my next point ... Odd , odd moment . In the `` Brand New Day '' number , Ross , as Dorothy , triumphantly dances down a bolt of cloth that 's been unfurled on the floor , in a medium shot . * After we cut to -LRB- yet again -RRB- an extreme long shot , Dorothy -LRB- probably not Ross , but a double - but , in this film , WHO KNOWS ? -RRB- executes a passable cartwheel -LRB- ! -RRB- and picks up the fabric and runs off with it , clearing the floor for the real dancers.Now , as I say , in any other film , you 'd automatically assume they cut to a long shot to mask that a dance or gymnastic double was about to sub for the star ; in this film , with its bizarre lack of close shots , that might actually BE Diana Ross who , for all we know , took three weeks to learn how to do a cartwheel , or revealed to Lumet that she had been doing them since she was a little girl . However , we 'll never know if she did it herself , because the camera is too damn far away.That said , I was less bothered by the idea of Dorothy being a troubled adult than I was in 1978 ; since then , I have known a lot of introverted , frightened grown-ups . Pity that Quincy Jones -LRB- and he 's got ... a close-up ? No , a medium shot in the Emerald City sequence , as he sits pounding at an enormous piano -RRB- thought that having Ross sing at the top of her register would make her sound younger . No , it just makes her sound more like a kitty cat . A tired kitty cat , at that.Oh , and Joel Schumacher wrote the screenplay . Be afraid ... be very afraid . * Actually , after studying this shot last night with the pause/still and zoom buttons , I 'm not so sure it was Ross even then ...
 What a mess this movie is ! The charm and innocence of the Broadway production is gone . It 's a mean ol' movie full of bad news ! Songs omitted or edited out of existence turn this into such a hash that there is nothing to commend it . I directed the stage production at Savannah State University and found it a charming play , full of hope and promise . The movie took all that out . And , when we meet the Wiz , he is pathetic . The Broadway production has him continuing his flim-flam to the very end . Dorothy learns much from all those she meets along the way , but we have an adult Dorothy here -- who should have learned these things when she was 12 ! The first song of the movie and the play is wonderful . The movie confused the story line of the song so much it was impossible to understand what Aunt Em was singing about . I wish a real Broadway tune smith had done the movie . And , Michael Jackson -- he 's too cuddly !
 Ok , ok , ok . Picture `` The Wiz '' -LRB- the original staged produtction -RRB- . This musical , in itself , is truly a wonderful , witty , intelligent , and just basically a fun piece of theatre . It had it 's hyped moments , and it 's emotional ones . Filled with showstoppers , a strong cast and score , this musical deserved all the praise it received ... and then the movie came out . =-LRB- This movie by FAR , is a joke -LRB- to say the least -RRB- . By casting an annoying , old screecher like Diana Ross as the young , beloved Dorothy , thy already destroyed the film . She is about 30 , and no , not a naive little farmgirl -- but an NYC SCHOOLTEACHER NOW ! AND she 's still living with her `` skinny '' aunt . That was the best part . No wait , the best part was when she goes `` TOTO -- TOTOOOOOOOOO '' when that random snow tornado happened to enter the NYC realm -LRB- i forgot how frequently tornados rip thru the city -RRB- . And where does this tornado take her too ? THE LAND OF ACID-TRIP NYC . Now , i understand that the director probably wanted a `` new outlook '' on OZ , but baby , this AI N'T the approach . Oh , there are many ridiculous things I can tell you about in this film . For example
 Diana Ross as 10 year old Dorothy Gale ? What were they thinking ? She 's too young ! Was n't Moms Mabley available to play this role ?
 Could n't play the DVD ! IT kept giving me an error indicating , `` this DVD CODE can not be played in your area '' I took it to my daughter 's to see if it would play on her DVD player and still received the same error
 it 's an demo and some of the show was off . but it 's was good . but would n't rate it at all .
 This movie featured some good actors but the story line was long and drawn out . Some parts of the movie were dry and just too long .
 The story line was good it was very interesting but the ending was REALLY bad it leaves yu guessing about the other characters . I would wait till the price dropped to like 1.99 to but it because its really not worth $ 5 .
 This is a stageplay with a bad laugh track that is very distracting . I recognize the actors and the acting was decent so that is the reason for the 2 stars . I wo n't go into too much detail so not to share any spoilers .
 I have not received this item yet although I ordered it back in September 2010 . I got in touch with the supplier who fobbed me off with their I could n't careless attitude and automatically made the assumption that the UK had messed up with the delivery and they could n't track it passed USA borders . -LRB- Thank you for notifying me of this minor detail before you debited my card -RRB- I paid 30 for a video tape I did not receive so I will not be rushing back to these guys for anymore products.I ordered over 30 products from Amazon UK over the Christmas period and for our new born and all of them all turned up ; who is the odd man out here ?
 Having watched TZ when it was first on TV in 1959 , I , like so many others , have waited for what was ostensibly the best of all possible worlds with respect to the BluRay release of this important series . What an ENORMOUS disappointment to learn both from first hand experience and from the numerous comments of others how flawed the release is . In my case , the 4th of 5 discs will not load into my BluRay player - many have expressed the same problem . Others have had various playback issues with other discs in the set . Some early reviewers of Season 2 have noted the same kinds of issues . Ca n't say what the production problems were - but the result is TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE.DO NOT PURCHASE THIS DISC UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES UNTIL IMAGE ENTERTAINMENT FIGURES OUT ITS PROBLEM AND REISSUES THE SETS - INCLUDING REPLACEMENTS TO THOSE OF US WHO ALREADY OWN THEM.Amazon kindly replaced what I thought was a defective set of discs - only to discover the problem persisted in the replacement sets . If it were me alone , or a few odd malfunctions , that would be one thing . I understand , however , that the problem is widespread.CAVEAT EMPTOR -LRB- Let the buyer beware ! -RRB- . : -LRB-
 I purchased this set on release date . I finally got around to watching disc 4 , except that I was unable to view the programs . I was unable to get the disc to load on my Samsung BD-P1500 . I was up to date on my firmware . The disc at first would spin and spin and lock up the player . I e-mailed Image to report the problem and received no response . Another update was available from Samsung and I updated the player again . The disc would spin and give me a written message that the disc was unplayable . I again e-mailed Image and still no response . Since Image is slow to acknowledge the problem and offer a solution , I returned the set for a full refund . I really wanted to keep this set as the visual quality is stunning . I can not support a company that refuses to admit a mistake and offer to correct it .
 I first ordered this set on 9/12/10 , and the discs arrived would not play or load ... NONE OF THEM ! So , I sent the set back to Amazon , & ordered a second set . Well , the second set of discs would n't play either . Bummer .
 I love the Twilight Zone , and I love what was to be available on these disks . Sadly , I had a defective set ... TWICE . I am sure that the manufacturer , Image , is working to fix this situation , as I see Amazon no longer offers new copies of this . Sad beginning to one of the longest anticipated -LRB- at least for me -RRB- blu-rays that have printed so far .
 My first review for a product on Amazon.I would have given this set 5 stars , if it played . I had read of the problems on this set . Then Amazon stopped selling it , put it up for review . Then they started to sell it again , and on sale for under $ 58 . Took the leap of faith , and bought it!As soon as the set arrived , I went right to one of the episodes I read was `` problematic '' , The Big Tall Wish on disc 4 . Sure enough , the episode freezes at 12:30 , and will not stat playing again . I skipped to the next episode and the disc would freeze , and skip.Image needs to address this , and I hope Amazon stops selling it -LRB- for good -RRB- until this problem is resolved.I am playing this on a Sony BDP1000ES , a great player , that has played everything , up to this point . I have the latest firmware too . Hope this gets fixed , cause I would love to own it , and give it 5 stars !
 I bought this blu-ray set on Jan. 2nd , 2011 . There is still a software problem with the set . My disc 3 would not load at all . Warning , the manufacturer -LRB- Image Ent . -RRB- have not addressed nor fix the issue yet . I do n't understand why Amazon keeps selling it . I sent mine back for a refund .
 Be aware that Discs 1 and 4 DID NOT operate on my Sony Blu Ray . Disc 4 DID NOT operate on my Sharp Blu Ray . I returned this product to Amazon . I guess quality control is not a high priority at Amazon . I am a Twilight Zone fan and was extremely disappointed . The quality of the discs that worked was excellent , it was like I was watching the epidsodes when they first aired . I kind of wished that they had included some of the commercials from back in the day . Due to the excellent quality of the discs I was able to watch is the only reason I gave it two stars . Now I am a hesitant to purchase Season 2 when it is released .
 I want to start by saying that I will try to be as objective as possible in this review . I have just read the various reviews listed here and wanted to add my personal insight from the perspective of a casual fan.There are several reasons why I am not ranking this set highly . 1 . -RRB- This is a show that has already been released on DVD in its entirety . We did not get some of the episodes or only a best of set , BUT if you bought all the collections that Image produced -LRB- 5 total -RRB- , then you have EVERY episode of the Twilight Zone . Therefore , 95 % of the material on this NEW set , is the exact same episodes that you have seen over and over again . Sure , the picture has been remastered on this new set and audio as well , but why was n't this done to begin with ? Furthermore , I just played the Image discs and the quality on those previous discs is very good . Will it really make that much of a difference ? Probably a little , but $ 400 worth ? I 'm not so sure . After all , that is what they are asking you to re-spend to buy them all over again even though you already have them .2 . -RRB- PRICE PRICE PRICE !!! This set is way overpriced . There are other tv season sets out there containing six discs that cost half as much . You have to admit , this does support the `` corporate greed theory '' of previous reviews . However , one positive review listed before mine wants us to think that `` Image does n't expect you to double dip '' and `` I do n't think `` corporate greed '' factors into the equation as much as customer demand from fans like myself -LRB- as well as the logical necessity -RRB- for one of the best shows of all time to have an exhaustive and organized set of releases . '' I WORK FOR A MARKETING COMPANY . DO N'T THINK FOR ONE SECOND THAT THEY ARE RELEASING THIS SET FOR THE FANS . THE ULTIMATE GOAL IS ONE THING
 THERE IS ONLY ONE THING I CAN GUARANTEE IF YOU BUY THIS SET AND SERIES . THAT IT WILL NOT BE THE LAST TIME IT GETS RELEASED . IF THEY MAKE MONEY ON THIS ONE , THERE WILL BE MORE EDITIONS TO FOLLOW ! DO N'T BUY INTO THIS CORPORATE GREED AND THIS HORRENDOUSLY OVERPRICED SET !!!!!!! I BET WHEN ALL FIVE SEASONS FINALLY COME OUT , THERE WILL BE AN ULTIMATE SET WITH ALL FIVE SEASONS + EVEN MORE FEATURES ! AND THEN WHEN PEOPLE BUY THAT , MORE RE-RELEASE SETS TO FOLLOW A COUPLE YEARS LATER . THIS IS THE THIRD TIME THIS HAS BEEN RELEASED TO DVD IN FIVE YEARS AND THEY ARE GOUGING THE CONSUMER !!!
 There is something strange about these blu ray discs . If you search the Internet , you will see that hundreds of people are complaining that the discs will not load or play . I 'm having that same problem with my Samsung DVD player . I just upgraded to the latest firmware and it now loads , but there are a TON of problems playing the content . These guys are doing something totally `` Twilight Zone '' in the name of copy protection or something . Whatever it is , it 's non-standard and it just plain does not work . Bottom line , I paid a LOT of money for some plastic coasters . The worst news is that I 've been sitting on the unopened package for a long time and just got around to trying to watch it today . It 's been so long since I paid for it , I doubt I can even get a replacement or a refund . This makes me so mad that I think I will never buy another set of discs from Amazon . I know , they do n't care . I 'm just sayin ' . WATCH OUT . BUYER BEWARE ! You will probably be very disappointed and angry if you buy this !
 It 's very difficult to justify the premium pricing on this product versus other DVD TV series . Apparently there are enough wealthy or financially irresponsible TZ junkies to support it . The ` extras ' are n't worth it . I 'll just continue to record the shows from TV .
 This does not include all episodes . If I look at Season 1 , it is missing the pilot episode shown on 11/24/58 named `` The Time Element . '' What else is missing I wonder ? Im not sure I should spend the money if this is how it is . I 'd like a reply from those who know what the original episodes really were . Thanks!ETA
 Let 's stop this Rod-Serling-Is-God hokum right now . I remember sitting in a revival theater a few years ago watching the original `` Planet Of The Apes . '' As the apes were exchanging dull , pompous speeches , all I could think was
 Just received my second Season 1 Twilight Zone Blue Ray from Amazon and Disc 4 on this set is still unreadable on our firmware current PS3.The video/audio and extras are a real treat but you might want to wait for the manufacturer to get the kinks worked out.ALL our other Blu Ray discs in our collection work just fine BTW .
 I 've got a playstation 3 and after installing the latest update disc 4 will not load . I get a message that disc is not a playable disc . Since i did not order it from here I ca n't return it . I do have season 2 and 3 on order here but cancelling and I 'll just stick to my dvd 's of the show .
 I received this Twilight Zone Season 1 with 5 Blu Ray discs . Disc # 3 and # 4 would n't play in my Blu Ray Panasonic BD30 player . Amazon sent me a another set and this time Disc # 4 will not play . Only a year ago I installed Firmware update 2.8 to fix some problems with current Blu Ray movies so I would n't think I need to do another Firmware update this soon . Does anybody know if there is another Panasonic BD30 Firmware update after 2.8 that would fix this problem ? The fact that some of the discs play and others do n't suggests Image Entertainment ran off a batch of defective discs.On 2 November 2010 I received a free replacement set from Image Entertainment after i had contacted them , so Image does get credit for trying to fix the problem . However , disc # 4 still does not work and this was after I upgraded the firmware to the latest version 2.9 on my Panasonic BD30 player . I emailed Image and they said they would send me another disc # 4 which has been checked for defects . That means that as of 4 days ago when the free replacement set was mailed to me , Image still had defective discs in inventory , even though Amazon has removed its advisory warning about this item and now lists it in stock . I called Amazon about this and they said Image said the problem had been fixed , but that Amazon would be pull the item again from In Stock status if more customers complained about defective discs . So if you have a recent defective disc be sure to post a negative review so as to keep up the pressure on Image to make sure this problem is fixed for Season One and the later seasons.On 4 November 2010 I received a replacement disc # 4 -LRB- it did n't have the artwork , just printing in black letters and date from June 2010 -RRB- that works ok , so I am grateful to Image Entertainment for helping me out . I told the customer service rep at Image that I would continue buying future TZ Blu Ray sets and that I would ask for replacement discs for any more problem disc.Lewis ForroVirginia Beach , VA
 The first Blu-Ray Twilight Zone Season One had a defect on disc 1 . The special features froze and jumped around . I sent this first set of discs back hoping it was an isolated case . Unfortunately , the replacement disc I ordered has the same exact defect . Image Entertainment , the producers of this Blu-Ray package , needs to get a quality control department . I love the Twilight Zone , but hate this crappy production . Anyone else have similar problems ?
 Please be aware that Season 1 -LRB- Definitive Edition -RRB- does NOT have CC , seasons 2-5 DO include CC for whatever reason .
 I love the Twilight Zone . It is without a doubt one of the finest series ever produced for television . The show had numerous a-list actors in it , the production values were high , and the stories were simply incredible.So what 's the gripe ? Pricing ! Aside from the fact the show has been released on DVD at least twice before , once as individual disks of four episodes each and once as a box set of five but not in chronological order . They were way overpriced then and they are way overpriced now . Take a look around at the other tv season box sets . Heck just look at the Outer Limits -LRB- the original series -RRB- . That set was almost half the price they are asking for the TZ . As far as I 'm concerned what they are charging is way out of whack . Other posters refer to this as Corporate Greed . I agree . There 's no question the consumer is being horrendously gouged here .
 I purchased this first season hoping for a fun nostalgic Halloween viewing with friends , and it turned out that Rod Serling was just warming up here . The classic music was not a part of the episodes that we watched , and the -LRB- four ? -RRB- episodes - out of many , it 's really a lot of episodes - were all about alone-ness . After seeing these few , I wonder if Serling was in a reflective , perhaps depressed time of his life . They may have been ground-breaking at the time , but they are n't the mind twisters that I recall from late night television . Maybe season 2 is better ?
 Give me a break . I am soooo tired of studios releasing version after version of the same movies . Think about how ridiculous it is
 *** UPDATE - 11/4/10 *** When I posted my original review , I did n't notice something critically important you may wish to consider.As I 'm posting this update there are currently 145 customer reviews giving this product an average rating of 4.2 out of 5 stars . Seems like my defective set was probably just a rare glitch , right?Well , not exactly . Of those 145 reviews , how many have been posted after the product release date or a few days before ? This * BLU-RAY * set was released on 9/14/10 . Read over the reviews and check for yourself but my count since the release date is only 28 reviews !!!!!! It seems that most of the reviews listed on this product page are for a *** different *** product , The Definitive Edition DVD 's -LRB- which in my own experience was a good buy -RRB- . Of the reviews that are specific for this * BLU-RAY * set since it 's release , by my count 15 of the 28 describe playback issues with a variety of different players cited . Of course , many of the more recent reviews are the 1-star rating.Right below the reviewers name , you will see a notation that `` This review is from the '' . Notice how many are `` The Twilight Zone - Season 1 -LRB- The Definitive Edition -RRB- -LRB- DVD -RRB- '' ! There are even a few reviews for the DVD set mixed in with the more recent product reviews.Amazon needs to fix this . If they did , the overall rating for this product , as well as the high percentage of people thus far who have received defective * BLU-RAY * discs would be more accurately reflected . ------------------------------------- I so sincerely regret posting this 1 star review.I 'm a longtime Twilight Zone fan and was thrilled beyond words to hear these were coming out on bluray . I even sold my DVD collection on eBay shortly after the announcement ! That turned out to be a bonehead move on my part.My Season 1 set also had to be returned due to playback issues . Disc 4 would n't load at all . Do a general search online , and there are multiple reports of functional problems with a variety of different players . I was fortunate enough to get a credit instead of an exchange for Season 1 , and am regretfully cancelling my preorder for Season 2 . I 'll probably just wait for a box set . Hopefully by the time several months go by , the quality control issues will be sorted out . I 'm holding off for the time being .
 I am in the process of returning the 3rd set of T.Z. Season 1 on BD . Disc 1 of each set refuses to play on my BD player . Totally disgusted
 Had to sell my copy of this excellent box set because it has no closed captions ! I 'm hearing impaired ; so therefore for the money retailed for this , it should have closed captions . Now excuse me while I go get some cheese for my whine .
 This set is suppsoed to come with the softcover book , The Twilight Zone companion and it does NOT.I am usually very happy with my purchases from Amazon and the customer service is the BEST ! :-RRB- , but this is a BIG MISTAKE Amazon ! Why are you selling the WRONG item ? I ordered this a FEW times and EVERY time there is NO BOOK !
 Who are they kidding ? Themselves ? I 'll admit the extras are tempting ... . but did n't I just rebuy these in slimline sets that are not in any order with no extras at all for this price ? Sorry Image Video/CBS but it is you that is made of money not us . I rebought the Star Trek series for the sake of condensing the series , but there just is n't enough incentive for me to rebuy this . What 's next ? The Superlative Edition in which we go on a dig for Serling himself ? Gim me a break .
 Do n't you feel cheated ? I know I do ... In how many ways and how many more times will we be lured into buying a re-packaged , re-mastered and enhanced edition of TZ ? , and I especially mean content-wise
 Like hundreds of others out there , all 4 of my discs have different degrees of defects . Disc 1 and 2 skip , Disc 3 randomly returns to the main menu , and disc 4 just flat out wo n't load . Why Amazon has n't been willing to fix this in the past three months speaks volumes to how dedicated they are to selling quality products . There are dozens of documented cases of defects , yet they only randomly pull the product in one week increments , and then relist it and hope that nobody notices.Come on Amazon , either stop selling it entirely , or do a full recall until you get a new shipment of product from the manufacturer . It 's dishonest to continue selling a product you know is defective .
 Wonderful set , but Disc 4 does n't work for me either -LRB- except in my Playstation 3 -RRB- . The picture quality is awesome .
 After reading reviews of those who received unplayable discs , I guess I should have known better , but I could n't resist the temptation to purchase the set given that I am a big fan of the original Twilight Zone . I 'm now awaiting a third replacement set , searching for that elusive set that will actually play . Here 's to hoping .
 This is a rather stupid movie and is very un-life like . Huge flies might scare some but not me .
 This is an anthology movie meaning it has more than one story in the movie . You 'd think that with all the different stories in this movie there would be one good one . Well there is n't , this is a horrible movie , I ca n't believe it was made in the 90 's , this movie had the worst cheesiest effects in the 90 's even worse than the 70 's . I wish this movie was meant to be bad on purpose but it was n't . The DVD has no extra content , not even a trailer or commentary , just play movie and scene selection . And the scary sounds of the night disc that comes with it is really cheesy and not scary at all . This movie is not worth is and is a waste of money . I would not recommend you ever watch this movie .
 This has nothing to do with motorcycles except for the first couple of minutes . Bad acting all around . . do not waste your money !!!
 This is a hilarious action film/thriller supposedly set in the South -LRB- everybody drawls -RRB- , but was filmed in -- Vermont , land of maple syrup as well as Ben & Jerry ; 's . There are plenty of explosions and shootings in the final minutes of the movie , especially when it 's Billy Ray vs.the Baddies.Now Billy Ray has turned to lighter fare through `` Dancing with the Stars '' and starring opposite his real-life daughter on Disney 's Hannah Montana show.Billy Ray Cyrus stars as a former CIA agent now ensconced in the South , and he 's got a heart-as well as a mullet-for truth , justice , and the American way.He 's `` Radical Jack . '' He finds love with a woman whose abusive ex HAPPENS to be the same man behind his family 's death.The plot is needlessly complicated with arms deals , the CIA , and Radical Jack 's own questionable character -- but it makes for dumb fun early morning viewing !
 Want a movie that 's a fun waste of time?Little or no plot?Plenty of explosions , shootings , and scantily clad women?Then `` Radical Jack '' is perfect for you.Billy Ray stars as Radical Jack , a former CIA man out to avenge his family 's deaths.He fights for truth , justice , and the American Way with his fists , his muscles , his guns -- and his mullet.The plot is needlessly complicated with the CIA , arms deals , war veterans,etc-but it makes for good dumb fun early morning viewing.Yay !
 This is a rather stupid movie and is very un-life like . Huge flies might scare some but not me .
 This is an anthology movie meaning it has more than one story in the movie . You 'd think that with all the different stories in this movie there would be one good one . Well there is n't , this is a horrible movie , I ca n't believe it was made in the 90 's , this movie had the worst cheesiest effects in the 90 's even worse than the 70 's . I wish this movie was meant to be bad on purpose but it was n't . The DVD has no extra content , not even a trailer or commentary , just play movie and scene selection . And the scary sounds of the night disc that comes with it is really cheesy and not scary at all . This movie is not worth is and is a waste of money . I would not recommend you ever watch this movie .
 I purchased this video after seeing it recommended by the random acts of kindness website . I planned to show it to 8th grade students . The length of the video and its incredible detail made it impossible to show to students of this age who are n't history buffs already . I was able to use a few of the chapters as backup to a description of what was happening at that time . I would not recommend this for anyone below a 10th grade level .
 Oh brother ! Where to start . First of all , this movie is bad . Very bad . It is so bad I could not give it one star . It had to get two just for actually being distributed and making it into video stores . I do n't know where this took place but It was n't in my part of the country . I 've never seen so many sex starved gorgeous young ladies -LRB- ? -RRB- together at one time . They all want to have sex and it does n't matter with who , or what . Male , female , it makes no difference . Where is this world ? When the first scene after the opening credits began I thought this could be one of the greatest movies of all time , easily making my top five list , although the two young ladies outside looked kind of cold to be doing whatever they were doing . ahem . Unfortunately they kept filming . The dialog was so incrediblby silly and so poorly delievered . Some of these people could not have been professional actors . Some had to be relatives of the producer . And what is with the scantily clad brunette actually putting on more clothes to have sex ? She has the stand out lines of the whole movie . After she gets dressed to have sex , she says `` Come and get me baby ... '' and the only one listening is the creature . And then this brunette , after being attacked by this creature of some sort while she is in bed waiting for her lover , goes right back to bed with a different guy in the same bed not 10 minutes later . . Hey , can you take a hint ? Then , as she is taking off the outfit she put on to have sex in . . This may be confusing . The guy she is about to have sex with gets turned to stone and her line is
 Charles Band , master of terrible horror films , is at it again in `` Petrified . '' I enjoyed this more than many of Band 's films , but the thing I appreciated most about it was that it 's running time is just over an hour . This film throws a lot of B-movie ingredients in a cauldron , but they never make a palatable stew . The film starts off with a black market antiquities deal going horribly awry with a resultant mummy escape , ensuring mayhem for the brief duration of the film . The dialogue , plot , and acting are uniformly horrible , and the red glowing eyes of the mummy are one of the more hilarious special effects in recent memory.The government agent in charge of illegal mummy stings , Buzz York -LRB- Roark Critchlow , -RRB- is from the Don Johnson cool-as-a-cucumber mold of agents , and while he is traversing the countryside on his mission he walks into what seems to be a house in the middle of the night . It 's not a house , but rather in an amazing plot contrivance , is actually a clinic for the treatment of nymphomania run by insane Dr. Horatio Von Gelder -LRB- Osman Soykut , -RRB- who has some extremely unorthodox theories to say the least . This arrangement works out great , because in an icky and ancient coincidence , the mummy is also a bit of a voyeur . Before it 's over there 's an ancient hand running around doing evil bidding , lots of scantily clad women behaving in totally unnatural ways , and even a story connecting the mummy subplot with an alien subplot . If it sounds like a mess it is . So much so , in fact , that I actually gave it two stars for being so terrible that it 's actually occasionally enjoyable as a movie so bad it 's good.The DVD also features some extras including a `` making of '' feature , some other Full Moon trailers , and miscellaneous other -LRB- boring -RRB- extras . This is definitely not one of Charles Band 's worst movies , and while I do n't recommend it in general , people with a high tolerance for B-movie camp value will likely find amusing moments in the convoluted but brief plot .
 This movie reaches a new level of `` suck '' I did n't think was possible.If your looking for a horror flick along the lines of classic Full Moon -LRB- Puppet Master , Subspecies -RRB- you wo n't find it here . 1 star is too generous of a rating . At just over 1 hour long , it 's not worth the twenty bucks I spent on it . If you must see this movie , rent it .
 Three criminals are selling an ancient mummy -LRB- plus an extra mummy hand -RRB- to some guy . After they get their money , they shoot the guy and then decide to get rid of the third criminal as well , so they only have to split the loot two ways . The third guy manages to run away , but the dead guy 's blood gets on the mummy , bringing it to life . The guy who ran away takes shelter in a house , which turns out to be a clinic for the treatment of nymphomania . Best line of the movie
 This movie was n't even B-grade . It was horrible . Horrible acting and horrible plot lines . It was called a mummy , but it resembled no mummy I had ever seen . It might be a mummy from some other world .
 Vertigo barely broke even when it was first released . Audiences - and most critics - found it dull . It was forgotten - even by the French who recognized Hitchcock 's genius before the Americans did . When it was re-released three decades later , critics went crazy with hyperventilated praise . Some even called it the greatest film ever made.I just finished watching it again and I think this is a poorly made film - perhaps Hitchcock 's worst made film . Let 's start with the casting . Hitchcock wanted Vera Miles -LRB- she would have been great in this -RRB- . But Vera got pregnant so Hitch settled -LRB- and he did settle -RRB- for Kim Novak . Novak is pretty but not beautiful - which is what is required by the character as written . And she is a a stiff when it comes to acting . Her range is limited and her delivery is wooden and muted . It 's a terrible performance . Jimmy Stewart
 Scottie -LRB- James Stewart -RRB- is a police officer forced to retire due to injuries and his dizzying fear of heights . His old friend Gavin -LRB- Tom Helmore -RRB- needs his services , however . Gavin 's wife Madeleine -LRB- Kim Novak -RRB- appears to be going crazy . She wanders around town but has no recollection of the events . What really worries Gavin is that Madeleine is at the same age her great-grandmother committed suicide by jumping to her death.Scottie eventually agrees to the job , but does n't put much stalk in the theory that Madeleine is possessed . At least at first he does n't . Is she really possessed ? Can Scottie save her life?And does the audience care ? I 've only seen a couple Hitchcock flicks , and I was less then impressed with them . I decided it was time to change that , and started here . It did nothing to change my mind.The story starts out okay , just moves very slowly . I was drawn into the early story wondering what was really happening to Madeleine . That is , when the plot moved forward . I mean , we get shot after shot of Scottie following Madeleine around San Francisco . We get it already!But then the second half comes and things go down hill . It 's obvious to us early on what is happening , so we get bored waiting for the characters to catch up . Meanwhile , the acting gets so bad that it 's actually laughable . And the climax ? There is n't one . The story ends with a whimper.I 'm beginning to see why I have n't seen that many Hitchcock films before . If this is an example of what I have to look forward to , I wo n't be watching many more .
 I ca n't imagine why this movie is so highly regarded by some critics and moviegoers . It is too slow , too complicated by half , has flaws of logic , and is indifferently acted.Kim Novak has about as much facial expression as Paris Hilton . Oh , she 's pretty , but acting should be more than a plastic doll . Barbara Bel Geddes has a part that is not necessary to the plot and she does little with it . James Stewart is his usual laconic self.The plot is far too complicated . I ca n't go into much of the difficulty without giving away the ending to those who have n't yet seen the film . Suffice it to say that too many movies devise a Rube Goldberg way to murder someone when a simple gunshot would be more likely to work . In this film the setup takes far too long . Stewart chats with Bel Geddes about nothings and then with his old college friend about this and that before we get down to being introduced to the plot.Then there are the flaws of reality . Stewart , who is retired form the police force , suddenly flashes his badge to a hotel clerk in order to get personal information . When a cop retires he forfeits both gun and badge . Then on several occasions Stewart follows Novak in his car , and something untoward happens miles from home . But Stewart returns with Novak one assumes in a single car , and yet the other car is also retrieved . Look at the scene again where Stewart saves Novak from drowning and try to figure out how Stewart gets his own car back -- or how Novak managed to look so good after being fished from the cold and dirty water of the bay.Details , details , details . They are what make the difference in a really good book or movie . In this case the details mar the film beyond enjoyment .
 Kim Novak does fine work here , as usual , but the entire story is way too far-fetched to be believable.Movie is overrated.And that ending ? Come on . Really?Pfffft .
 The film begins with a woman 's face - her eyes look bloodshot . Then the credits roll . There is a chase on the rooftops . One man slips and falls to his death . The other survives with a foot injury . -LSB- Does he look out his Rear Window ? -RSB- Acrophobic ? Can a cantilevered brassiere be revolutionary ? John Ferguson is `` available '' , like other Frisco bachelors . Is his problem curable ? -LSB- Is there subtle humor here ? -RSB- San Francisco is changing since the war . -LSB- Shipping was moving across the bay . -RSB- John is hired to follow another man 's wife ; there is fear from the dead . Reluctantly , Scotty accepts for an old friend . Scotty 's Dodge follows the Jaguar . -LSB- The cars date the picture . -RSB- Is n't he following too closely?The Mission Dolores is an old historical church . `` Carlotta Valdes 1831-1857 '' . Next the Museum . Whose picture is on the wall ? Then the McKittrick Hotel . `` It does seem silly . '' Did she drop her tail ? Scotty will consult a local expert at a book shop , and learns Frisco history . `` Poor thing . '' Madeleine has jewelry owned by Carlotta Valdes , her great-grandmother . -LSB- Would a suicide be buried in a church cemetery ? -RSB- Next to the Presidio , beneath the Golden Gate Bridge . Will Madeleine jump into the cold water ? What next ? Will Goldilocks sleep in Papa Bear 's bed ? `` What happened ? '' -LSB- Note the coffee percolator . -RSB- Madeleine leaves , Scotty follows . -LSB- Does this film move slowly ? -RSB- They go for a ride in the country and look at an old redwood tree . There is talk about not knowing the recent past . `` How do you know ? '' Do the conversations make sense?Scotty 's old girlfriend Midge is skilled at painting . But Johnny is not impressed . -LSB- What does that tell you ? -RSB- Next they travel to a historic mission church . `` There 's an answer for everything . '' -LSB- But is it the correct answer ? -RSB- They climb the stairs to the bell tower . Something falls past the window . There is a coroner 's inquest
 I have recently been trying to watch as many of the AFI Top 100 movies of all time since I missed most of them when they came out -LRB- ie . I was n't born yet -RRB- . I have been very pleased with all the movies I have seen so far -LRB- Citizen Kane , On the Waterfront , The Maltese Falcon , Chinatown , etc. -RRB- . I decided to get one of the highly rated Hitchcock films and I chose Vertigo as my first foray into the Hitchcock oeuvre . Words can not describe how dissappointed I was after viewing this film . It was bad on almost all levels . The acting by Jimmy Stewart and Kim Novak was atrocious . The love story around them was one of the most unbelievable love stories I have seen since Pauly Shore and Carla Gugino in SON IN LAW . It was so wooden and staged and never once did I buy into it . I think it is very telling that this movie was both a box-office and critical bomb when it was released . It only became the `` masterpiece '' that it is regarded today because of how it personally relates to Hitch 's own obsessions . Just because it is a highly personal film , does not mean it is any good . I think people tend to overlook how incredibly horrible this movie is and just give it the title of masterpiece based on what they know of Hitchcock 's personal life . Also , I do n't mind slow paced films , but this film practically crawled . It pretty much put me to sleep . I always thought thrillers were supposed to keep you on the edge of your seat . I had to strain to stay awake at the end , especially after Hitchcock gave away the ending with 50 minutes to go !! Where is the suspense in it ?? I did n't get a chance to see this movie when it was first released so I do not know how vivid the colors of the movie were back then , but this `` restored version '' of the film is laughable . It looks like Ted Turner got ahold of a black and white film and did some of his colorization `` magic '' on it . Completely unnatural looking . I am now afraid to pick up another one of the Hitchcock films in the AFI Top 100 because of this movie . I have seen parts of Psycho and know that it is a far superior thriller , but Vertigo has made me very leery of wasting my time with any more Hitchcock `` masterpieces '' . Completely over rated .
 Why is this interminable film so highly regarded?We do a lot of driving around . We climb lots of staircases that are filmed from weird angles . We get some classic shots of San Francisco . We get a story line that 's implausible but which is gussied up to respectability by the use of terms such as `` obsessional '' . We learn in the DVD bonus material that Hitchcock actually used a metronome to pace Kim Novak 's final traipse up those wooden stairs from which she takes her biiiiiiig step.I reckon Hitchcock used the metronome throughout the movie and set to its slowest possible speed . Slow pace = suspense . Does n't it?Yeh , I must be really thick .
 Item arrived blank . Could not get the dvd to function.Possible that the DVD was denagnitized when it went through Canadian customs.Leeson for me
 The promising first half ended up in such a disappointment , that I could n't believe it was Hitchcock . One of his rear misfires indeed . San Fransisco and thereabouts were awesome , but instead of repeating the point from various angles , the script should have been developed better . Looked like the writers found it difficult to tighten or fill the gaps which the original short story obviously had . After one point , the story was n't even moving and ant-climax was the lowest point of the movie .
 Yikes !! What a supreme disappointment this was !! Though I 'm a great fan of all things Hitchcockian , I 'm afraid Sir Alfred Hitchcock has steadily gone down hill since the wonderful `` The Manxman . `` What was Sir Alfred Hitchcock thinking when he made this dreck ??!! Additionally , I would also have appreciated a director 's commentary with this DVD . Maybe it would have answered so many lingering questions I have - such as
 I wo n't address the relative merits of the content of Vertigo . I think the vast majority agree it 's one of Hitch 's best , and that 's saying a lot.The Universal transfer is NOT anamorphic , which means if you have a HDTV you 're going to be either watching this in `` zoom '' mode or window-boxed AND letterboxed . Frankly this is inexcusable , this DVD was released on September 2 , 2003 and by that time EVERYTHING that 's not 1.33:1 aspect ratio was anamorphic.So Universal dropped the ball with this DVD -LRB- and the whole set -RRB- ... I would steer clear and use your old VHS copies until they get around to releasing the `` super-deluxe Hitchcock collector 's edition '' .
 Skip this edited or censored disc . I remember with excitement the original with James Stewart and Kim Novak . But , according to the `` product details '' provided by Amazon , Stewart and Novak are missing from this third `` special '' version . My advice is to wait for the fourth dip into the Hitchcock canon , when hopefully Stewart and Novak will be restored to their starring roles .
 The video was lousy . I would not have bothered had I known . I shall not buy VHS any more . Yuck
 This is just an old movie that has been remade in different ways over and over and over and over again .
 This film was on my `` must-see '' list for years because of its great reputation . I finally watched after a co-worker raved about it , and I must say that I have never encountered a more overrated film . It started very well and I had high hopes for it . Many scenes were indeed hypnotic and beautiful , but they just went on too long . I was still intrigued , though , and a great ending would have banished my doubts . The finale , though , was so abrupt and ludicrous that I laughed out loud ... and then my jaw dropped in disbelief that this was actually the end of the film.At the time of its release , this film was not warmly received ; now it makes lists of the top ten films of all time . Go figure .
 Do not buy this movie or waste two hours of your precious time watching it . Friends and I were having a mini Hitchcock festival , and I ordered this film because AFI placed it in their list of top 100 American films . -LRB- I 'd love to know what their `` reasoning '' was ! -RRB- Trite , hackneyed , banal - I could go on and on . I hardly blame Ms. Hedren , and I could cry for Jimmy Stewart . Hitchcock is the major culprit here , my friends , to his everlasting shame .
 This movie must be one of the most highly overrated movie . I liked Hitchcock 's Psycho very much but was totally dissapointed with this one.To begin with , the movie is very slow . It is unnecessarily lengthy and the story is unbelievable . I am not surprised at all that this movie bombed at box office when originally released . Overall , a very overrated movie . Gets 2 stars because of good acting .
 A lot of people consider this to be one of Hitchcock 's best film but I strongly disagree . It is perhaps the most long winded , boring , and drawn out Hitchcock films I have ever had the misfortune to watch . The first hour or so is spent with Jimmy Stewart on some wild goose chase following a friend 's wife to see if she 's possessed by a demon -LRB- ?!? -RRB- . For some inexplicable reason , he falls in love with her . Once we reach what we 're first to believe is the climax , we learn he 's been duped somewhat . As have we . The last 45 minutes certainly move more fluidly , but Jimmy Stewart 's character becomes so obsessive and controlling , he ought to have been served a restraining order . Also odd are a surrealistic dream sequence that gets so near to a cartoon it reminded me of the `` Pink Elephants '' sequence in Dumbo , and an ending that redefines the meaning of `` abrupt '' . But if you 're like me , and enjoy Hitchcock films for their pure ability to keep you tense and on the edge of your seat , Vertigo is not the film to watch .
 Some films are able to twist time to their advantage . Few contemporary critics cared for Vertigo when it debuted -LRB- though some will lie otherwise -RRB- . Today , critics have enshrined it as Hitchcock 's finest . A shame.Vertigo 's first hour is hypnotic . Jimmy Stewart , a retired cop who suffers from the title ailment , is persuaded by a friend to follow his wife , suicidal Kim Novak , for her own protection . One especially excellent scene involves Stewart examining Novak as she walks through a garden and studies a picture . The mystery seeps through the film 's atmosphere , and the scene is quietly beautiful in a way Hitchcock seldom is.Eventually , Novak does kill herself , and so does the film . Stewart soon meets a woman closely resembling Novak and grows obsessed with her . There is a plot twist , but it is so terribly transparent I doubt anyone is surprised . Unfortunately , what little suspense lurks in the second half hinges on this twist , negating Hitchcock 's supreme talent . Characters begin acting with little or no believable motivation , and Stewart descends into frenzied rants and raves that are pretty funny to watch . The surprise ending is foolishly revealed before the ending , and when the final scene finally arrives , the melodrama is hilarious . The film nosedives after a promising start and wrecks itself.Critics praise the second half of the film as self-revelation on the part of Hitchcock . Maybe , but most people do not watch films because they care about the director . They watch films because they like films , and Hitchcock 's films are more interesting than Hitchcock himself . Naturally , Hitchcock scholars are interested in Hitchcock , and this interest accounts for Vertigo 's inflated reputation . The sad truth is Vertigo is a flawed failure.I 'm wagering time will straighten itself out . In twenty years , true Hitchcock classics such as North by Northwest will replace Vertigo at the top of critics ' list When it does , I 'll be the one collecting bets and wearing an obnoxiously smug grin .
 Vertigo is a tremendous film ; if rating the film alone , I would give it the maximum rating . Vertigo deserves to have been carefully restored and preserved for posterity . The reason for my low rating for this DVD is that the restorers have seriously overstepped the bounds of conservation , actually changing the film for the worse . They have eliminated many original sound effects and created many new ones , to jarring effect . Evidently , their discovery of a stereo recording of the musical score so excited the restoration team that they felt they had to incorporate it into the restored print . As the original mono mix included effects with the score , this means that the restorers went into a Foley studio and cooked up replacement sounds -- newpaper 's rattling , footsteps , doors closing , cars driving past , etc. . The result is VERY noticable
 Vertigo -LRB- Alfred Hitchcock , 1958 , 128 ' -RRB- >> > Alfred Hitchcock was known as the most controlling of directors , particularly when it came to women . The female characters in his films reflected the same qualities over and over again
 Director Edna McCallion 's Hit and Run -LRB- 2009 -RRB- provides some thrills , but there is only a remote semblance of a credible plot . The writers have some interesting ideas , but do not tie them together very well . If having a sensible story matters , then you may be disappointed.On her way home after a night featuring some drinking , Mary Murdock -LRB- Laura Breckenridge -RRB- swerves off the road , and bumps along through some trees . A little shaken , but apparently unhurt , Mary heads home . Later , hearing something in the garage , she is shocked to discover a body impaled on her bumper . Mary wants to help , but when the man grabs her , she panics and beats him with a golf club until he stops moving.Believing him dead , she hauls the body into the woods , and in a heavy rain , manages to bury it in a shallow muddy grave . The victim is Timothy Emser -LRB- Kevin Corrigan -RRB- , a teacher who is bipolar , and has been reported as missing . Riddled with guilt , Mary confesses the deed to her boyfriend Rick -LRB- Christopher Shand -RRB- who is surprised , but willing to help her cover up . When she decides to return to the grave to retrieve some incriminating evidence , she makes a grim discovery , and her world spins further out of control . Things go completely off the charts , when Emser attacks Mary at home , chewing off part of her ear , and apparently stabbing her a couple of times . Mary feels the wind in her face , as Emser checks in at home to see his worried wife -LRB- Megan Anderson -RRB- , before heading out on the road one final time.Laura Breckenridge 's performance is quite good , making the most of a script with many logical flaws , and an ending that is a physical impossibility . What Mary does is fairly understandable , although she has a strange fetish about repairing her bumper . After surviving the ordeal , instead of getting her wounds treated , she goes to get her Jeep fixed.Besides having a superhuman will to live , and burning desire for revenge , Emser must have a great sense of direction . Although gravely injured , he is still able move , track Mary back to her home , and then attack . With incredible stamina , the guy is also apparently a hell of a sprinter.Although delivering some scares , Hit And Run scores low marks for believability , and is definitely a lightweight entry in the horror genre . If that 's not an issue , then it probably rates at least a rental .
 Films such as this and Stuck , which this film seems to borrow heavily from , have a difficult task laid out before them . They have to make the viewer feel for the heroines ' when they have gotten behind the wheel after too much to drink and hit someone . While Mary of this film seems likeable , once she made the mistake of getting behind the wheel , my concern for her was pancaked . Fortunately , her ridiculous choice was slightly redeemed after the man she hit turns out to be quite unhinged . This is not to say that it is good she hit the man ... it is n't ... and most everything that happened in the film could be blamed on her reckless habits.So , what starts out as a rather generic genre piece is rescued after she discovers that the man she thought she killed is actually not dead and he serves up a bit of frightening revenge . How , I do n't want to reveal ... but it was quite diabolical even if it really did n't really follow through with its promise of a gory finish.And then it had that ending ... which was ok but not great when featured with the violent turbulence beforehand . So , to sum up ... a ho-hum begining , a wicked third act , and a dim conclusion ... nothing to write home about .
 when i wasted my money on this crap i was expecting more of a good suspense/horror but it was total bore it did n't provide none of that . This boring movie was about a girl getting drunk with her friends and she drives home drunk apparently not knowing she hit someone which the man was dragging under the car the whole time she drove home , she discovers him and instead of doing the right thing like call the cops she tries to hide him while still alive , He comes back and is on a vengeful rage and starts to terrorize the girl , and to top it all off he is bipolar which makes him a even more raving psychopath . this whole movie sucked -LRB- i was hoping more of a JOYRIDE type revenge movie -RRB- and the ending was very stupid . Do not buy !
 This film starts out with an interesting premise . In fact , its premise might almost have allowed it to advertise itself as being `` based on a true story . '' There was the actual case of a woman who plowed into a man with her car , then let him die slowly impaled on her hood over a period of hours . This incident could have been the inspiration for a really good story of ghastly , ghostly revenge.However , `` Hit and Run '' does n't permit itself to gather any momentum from this promising material for horror . After the first half hour or so of suspense , it just runs downhill and degenerates into a rather mindless gore-fest . What 's more , a lot of the acting is amateurish . And the boyfriend in the plot is scripted as such a totally unlikable lout , it 's impossible to care what happens to him.So all in all , I suggest you pass this one and leave it in your dust .
 Some of this review could contain spoilers - because the movie is that lame.The movie was horrible all the way around . The script , the acting and the music . I found the actress who played Mary to be very annoying and flat . I was also glad the script offed Mary 's boyfriend , Rick , early . Rick 's character was wooden and flat as well . He spoke the words but they seemed spoken and lacking in emotion . The script was horrible ... Mary hits a guy with her Jeep and manages to drive all the way home with him stuck to her bumper ; yet , she does n't know it until a few hours later when she wakes up in the middle of the night due to flashbacks ??? I realize it is a movie for entertainment purposes but ... really ?? How much suspended disbelief is the audience suppose to exert ? Oh and the sing along Mary does in the beginning on the drive home ... well , I had the urge to strap her to my bumper and drive down the highway ... or wait that does happen to her after all ... ** yawn **
 Now , to start off im a HUGE scary movie buff , it comes out on video and im going to rent it , no matter what it is . This one isnt even worth getting at a gas station in the $ 0.99 cent bin . The only plus about the movie is that Kate Beckinsale is in it . NOT WORTH IT !!
 A woman from nowhere , who is just passing through , sneaks into someone 's house and is discovered and welcomed in . She then disrupts the lives of everyone around her .
 Buy or Rent THE KEEP with Gabriel Byrne , Ian McKellan -LSB- X-Men -RSB- and Scott Glenn.Nazis commandeer a Keep of religious significance , while stealing silver cruxifixes hell is unleashed . Not this flick but THE KEEP.THE KEEP
 This item seems to be an attempt to use the title of `` The Keep '' , a 1983 movie with Scott Glenn , directed by Michael Mann , to mislead you into buying this excruciatingly bad film . `` The Keep '' , sad to say , was only released on VHS and is very rare . This is not it . Also beware of sites claiming to have `` The Keep '' , on DVD . There was never an official release of `` The Keep '' , on DVD . The DVD 's being offered are all pirate copies and VERY badly done , not to mention illegal . I just threw one away -LRB- I had hoped it was the real thing -RRB- . Alas , for some reason `` The Keep '' , despite its cult status , has never been released in any other format than VHS and maybe BetaMax . I sure do wish it would happen since thousands of lesser films are on DVD , but not this one . Someone is certainly a fool not to do so .
 Who is this confused individual from Florida calling this turkey a masterpiece ? Maybe the `` director '' lives in Florida ? This film is a prime candidate for Mystery Science Theatre . Laughable on all aspects , it can only be called a modern day Ed Wood Film . The music score takes it down even more notches .
 Here we go again -- the remake of a beloved classic that should never have been touched . Why do the hacks still persist in gutting everything that made the original so unforgettable -- replacing all these ingredients with a `` New Look '' and a `` New ReImagining '' that totally fails ? Ca n't any of these hacks come up with new and original ideasthat would thrill a modern audience-just like the classics that thrilled us the first time around?I 'm still a sucker for nearly any movie at the multiplex that falls into the horror/slasher/sci-fi genres.That means I 've seen all the `` remakes '' , `` re-imaginings '' , `` re-boots '' of beloved horror franchises.And that means I 've usually staggered out of the theater after seeing hideous results of this steady stream of abominations and alas , this `` new look '' at one of my all-time series `` Nightmare on Elm Street '' totally buries everything that made the originl so unforgettable.For one thing , a genuine movie classic will always be the lode star that we fanatical horror buffs will always compare the latest version to.This latest attempt looks so cheap and flat that it makes the original looks like Gone With the Wind . It 's like some filler you 'd catch on the SyFy Channel on a Saturday afternoon.You get no sense from the characters that they even know each other . We all fell in love with adorable Heather Langenkampf as Nancy and Johnny Depp as Kyle . In this remake , Rooney Mara is hard looking and humorless and has zero charisma and just as bad is Quentin O'Grady as her anti-sleep buddy.Jackie Earle Harley is scary looking as Freddie Krueger but all he does is suddenly appear , scraps his razor-tipped fingers along blackboards nnd walls and does n't register as a nightmarish villain.We 're never sure when reality ends and the dreams begin.The appearance of the little girls in white dresses , skipping rope , has been done to death in countless rip-offs after their introduction in the first movie.When we read that the budget for this remake was nearly $ 40 million , some of us wish that budget could have gone ino the creation of a brand new horror franchise . The only horror remakes that have actually improved on their originals are `` The Thing , '' `` Invasion of the Body Snatchers '' , `` House of Wax '' and `` My Bloody Valentine . '' `` The Amityville Horror '' was a good one , too , but this `` Nightmare '' remake joins the likes of Rob Zombie 's abominable `` Halloween '' disasters and we wonder what the hacks will do now that they 've redone and destroyed all the magic that made the originals so treasured .
 Knowing for a few years that New Line Cinema was going to remake the horror classic `` A Nightmare on Elm Street '' I figured that with new technology they could make the dream sequences very well . Adding onto the movie 's storyline of a manic taking revenge on the people who destoryed him through their children 's dreams.Isn ' t that a good concept ? A specture entering one 's own dreams to prey on their fears . Ultimately those nightmares consumes the vitcim , killing them in their own dreams ; leaving no trace of the killer.I was excited about the prospect to say the least . The concept of dreams have always fascinated me because they are , in effect , our own desires , fears , emotions , and needs all wrapped up into a visual scene that our mind makes real . It does n't matter , in our dreams , if we are able to fly ; it is what we are dreaming that we are doing . The dream does n't have to be `` realistic '' because it is our own needs at the very basic level of understanding , what Freud would say is our own `` ID '' . Psychology , Morality , Ethics , stregnths , weaknesses , and our mind 's ability to create are all there in our dreams . That is what should of been at the center of this film , not just gross out jump scenes.This film is just mindless fodder for the sake of making an extra buck . With all the potental to create a great movie were almost completely destoried by Micheal Bay and his cohorts . Like so many movies before , Micheal Bay used computer graphics and action scene after action scene to create an hour and half worth of nothing.If a decent or good director and producer were given the helm of this movie it would have been so much more crisper of a movie . Take notes people , this is one way to not make a movie.Better to take notes from movies like `` Inception '' or the original `` The Matrix '' if you are looking for a good movie or decent storyline .
 I usually do n't write 1 star reviews but this has to be said . I am sick and tired of people trying to remake these classic films like Friday the 13th and Halloween and others from the 70 's and 80 's . I am so sick and tired of it and now here we are again ! A Nightmare on Elm Street . Just stick to the originals people !! Just stick to the originals because they were made unique and fresh with nothing back then like it!Freddy is an 80 's horror icon that can NEVER be topped or even matched by these stupid people remaking this !! This is a total travesty !! You 'll never feel the suspense and horror and atmosphere and hear the amazing soundtrack that the original brought , in this crappy remake !! Come on , people !! Robert Englund IS Freddy !! NO ONE can even come close to his level . I 'm very , so very ashamed to be a horror film fan in this day and age . Back when horror was actually scary and atmospheric and new and original , it was so awesome . But not anymore!Please , please STOP the remakes !! Please just stop these classic film remakes !! If you want to remake something , remake the 50 's and 60 's horror films that no one even knows about that they sell in a box set at Best Buy . You know the ones with the 50 horror films in a box set for $ 15 or $ 20 . Remake those !! STOP remaking masterpieces !!!! JUST STOP IT ALREADY !!!!! A total waste of time and money . Just sad and pathetic.BOTTOM LINE
 They should of never remade this this was a very dumb and very stupid idea why remake something that cameout 25 years ago they should of left this remake alone because all you are doing is making the fans of the original a nightmare on elm street series made robert englund was freddy krueger and he worked hard at it and I understand why he didnot want to do no more a nightmare elm street movies he said he is to old but this was a very retarded idea screwing the fans over of the original series I am not going to watch this remake I rather watch the last house on the left 2009 and the hills have eyes 2006 rather than this I am not going to bash the people who like the original series at all it is cool if like those type of movies but for me it didnot interest me .
 Badly directed -LRB- expected way more from Wes Craven -RRB- , bad acting , stupid plot that does n't really follow through , the guy playing the killer is just weird and does n't even remind me of Krueger , and not scary at all . Oh , but it has great special effects . I guess that 's how they spent the profits from the original and cut back on good writers or actors . Either come back with Englund , or do n't come back at all .
 come on seriously ? i couldnt even sit down and watch it.this movie is so pathetic . robert englund will always be freddy krueger . . they should of not even made this film . . i actually got pissed . . this movie has nothing to do with anything from any of the other films . it took a whole new direaction . and the actors and actresses were so fake and didnt even act.the original krueger movies he was a pedophile and was arrested but realeased becuz someone didnt sign the search warrent and he was free to go . . so the parents of springwood burned him down at his job at a boiler type factory . OMG . i hate hate this new movie and no wonder robert englund didnt want to star in it and this isnt meant to offend anyone but if you like the movie IM SORRY ... you must not be familiar with the other movies ... lol
 Did we really need a remake of A Nightmare on Elm Street ? I mean really ? I love the original film and the series that is spawned as much as anyone else , but this remake courtesy of Michael Bay 's horror remake production company Platinum Dunnes -LRB- responsible for the remakes of Texas Chainsaw Massacre , Amityville Horror , and Friday the 13th -RRB- is so unscary , lifeless , boring , and tries to hard to be hip , that even if you 've never seen the original film , you 'll be bored by what you find here . Not to mention that the shot-by-shot scenes re-created from Wes Craven 's original are borderline plagiarism , yet lack any of the brains and guts that the original had . And as much as I love Jackie Earle Haley -LRB- Watchmen -RRB- , he 's no Robert Englund . He can be menacing , and his makeup job is creepy , but he just lacks that screen presence that Robert Englund always had playing Freddy Kruger , even in the lesser than worthwhile intallments of the series . The rest of the cast , namely those playing the teens , are the usual horror film fodder of talentless beautiful people that you 'll be hoping get picked off in horrible bloody ways . And let 's not forget that this remake 's denouement also proposes an eventual -LRB- and seemingly inevitable -RRB- sequel as well ... just what we need . Ignore this new A Nightmare on Elm Street , and go check out the original film instead if you 've never seen it and desire to see how a good and scary slasher film was really done right .
 This was a pretty bland forgettable movie while Wes Craven 's New Nightmare took all the best stuff of the original & updated it I feel this remake took all the best stuff of the original & half @zz3d it . It stars Jakie Earle Hayley as Freddy Kruger . He 's no Freddy Kruger readers & no I 'm not saying Robert Englund was needed what would the point be of being in a remake in the same role you played 26 years ago . the rest of the cast to me was who 's on The CW & MY Network TV . Kyle Gallner was the only actor that I found likeable & the only 1 that did n't look like they were pushing 30 . Rooney Mara who plays Nancy Holbrook she ca n't hold a thumb nail to Heather Langenkamp I felt she was 1 dimensional Katie Cassidy plays Kris who IMO was killed off to early Thomas Dekker who I liked in The Terminator Sarah Connor Chronicles plays Jessie & he should 've been given more to do Kellen Lutz plays Dean . Platinum Dunes could 've remade part 5 or 6 but decided to remake the original . You start off at this Diner this guy Dean who looks close to 30 than a 17 , 18 or 19 year old in high school he 's having dreams about Freddy Kruger & he 's trying to tell his girl friend Kris who looks close to 30 about it she does n't believe him . Freddy s * &iacute;ts his throat Nancy & Kris watch in horror remember the music & NOES has to flash at the right time even 5 & 6 got it right no it 's bam Nightmare On Elm Street . So at Dean 's funeral Kris sees herself as a little girl it 's a sign of her past & plot points we could care less about . We have scene where Freddy comes out of the wall in Nancy 's room & I agree with everybody it 's bad CGI . Kris & Jessie are afraid of old Fred Kris is killed in the same fashion as Tina only with some real s *** CGI & a lot of shakey cam . Jessie is arrested like Rod not before he runs away like Forrest Gump `` Run Forrest Run Forrest '' lol . Well he 's arrested like it 's an episode of COPS . They redo the bath tube scene remember Freddy almost drowns Nancy here she 's in a dream where it 's snowing then we get some real unintentional humor Ol' Fred licks Nancy he says `` Ya wa always my favorite . '' I had this song going through my head `` Baby your all that I want I 'm finding it hard to believe were in H * n. '' It might not be funny to yo but this movie was laughable . Quentin falls asleep in during swim class in the pool & has a dream about the parents burning Freddy this scene was in the trailer it was cringe worthy pre burnt Freddy sounds like Stuart from MAD TV `` I did n't dew nuthin . '' When he runs out you have this bad CGI effect he looks like The Thing from Fantastic 4 while running twords Quentin it 's in slow motion it reminded me of Alien vs Predator where The Predators are running in slow motion it looked like Bay Watch '' I 'll be ready I 'll BE READY ! '' Something that was so stupid was these kids do n't remember going to the same pre school & they do n't remember the gardner no not Grounds Keeper Wille from the Simpson 's . The fact they ca n't remember such tramatic experiences is what really hurt this movie I mean I think I would remember it . They took away the mystique of Freddy Kruger turned him into a standard stock killer . The fight in the Freddy 's secret cave under the pre school is forgettable . Freddy borrows lines fom Freddy vs Jason then the line that made me almost ROFL was `` Ohh sounds like fuun . '' I really thought Chris Hanson was going to show up or Detective Stabbler from Law & Order SVU was going to show up Law & Order vs Freddy would 've been better than this movie . The diector Samuel Bayer compared NOES to Twilight that 's a huge mark against him then you talked a lot of s ** to us fans seriously go back to directing Green Day videos your not David Fincher . Michael Bay was the producer he 's really a hit or miss guy . I 've heard some people say the acting was better than the original that might be true but the original had character that I cared about not wooden acting . Oh I ca n't wait for the sequel that deals with the mental effects of part 1 . I really wanted to like this movie but it 's worse than part 5 & 6 .
 * Spoiler Alerts
 I can barely sit through this movie . When I first watched it , I thought it was just because I was tired . But no , the movie itself is boring . It feels like TO MUCH of a fantasy world , and my eye tired of the generic , thoughtless scenes . Maybe I 'm being harsh , but I just could n't dig this movie . The second time I watched it , I turned it off half way through and wished I had never spent the money .
 2010 's A Nightmare on Elm Street is the ninth film to feature the iconic horror villain/anti-hero , Freddy Krueger , but here he is played by the intense character actor Jackie Earle Haley -LRB- who played Rorschach in 2009 's epic comic book film TheWatchmen -RRB- instead of the hokier antics of Robert England , who shone through his burned face make-up like Max Shrek did as the title character in 1922 ` sNosferatu . Still , Haley brings some surprising chops to the table and his demeanor coupled with his booming low-toned voice and crackling laughter make for a satisfactory performance . Freddy is also great visually as his prosthetic face and make-up seem much more realistic and are even at times enhanced by some seamless CGI by the same artists who brought us Two Face 's look in 2008 ` sThe Dark Knight . Nice work overall actually in specifically bringing this new generation a solid Freddy , but beware as the compliments end there and the complaints I have for this Michael Bay produced rubbish are legion.Last I checked Rotten Tomatoes has this film with a 2 % fresh rating , one of the lowest ever and for a film with a loyal fanbase this is a horrible sign . This movie is almost that bad and perhaps the worst I 've sat through in a theater in a very very long time . The previews are deceptive and I 'm tempted to just assume quality and original visuals were expected for only about two minutes of actual footage , just enough to get a big pay day for two or three weekends at the box office and then the hardcore horror fans will fund a sequel with their blind acceptance of low-quality filth like this . The movie is a series of predictable jump scares between long suspense formulas and very weak dialogue delivered with little confidence from its young cast . Occasionally after some jump scares we will see a character interact with Freddy but more often than not even that seems implausibly dull . I mean come on , Freddy is a guy who lives in the dreamworld where he can manipulate reality at will and physically injure or even kill those who enter his realm . He must have something more to say than just tired and effortless horror movie cliches combined with deep growls and sinister laughs.This is a hugely disappointing movie but I should have known better than to get my hopes up . Theoriginalis about 3 % this film 's budget -LRB- granted it was made 25 years ago -RRB- but spent its pennies wisely on tricky and creepy visuals and brutal gore at just the right moments . It used some of the same things used here in the remake in regards to the music and sounds , but the decisions as to where to place them were in the right hands then and the cast was hungry and talented enough to bring an original screenplay the passion it asked for . Listen , the original film is one of the greatest horror films ever made and its director Wes Craven is , at least in my opinion , the best horror film maker of all time , so this remake may have just surrendered to the fact that it could n't equal the original no matter what , so why even pretend ? Instead , they made a movie to make money and make money they did . For that I hate this movie even more .
 The original Nightmare on Elm Street is one of the greatest horror films ever made . This film is a disgrace . Nancy and her friends are all anorexic , pill popping heroin addicts this time around and it 's hard to feel sorry for them . Nancy in the original movie was a hero , the only one willing to stand up to Freddy and fight back . In this movie , they make her seem like a wimp . Not only are Freddy 's victims terrible , but the new Freddy is so pathetic compare to the Robert Englund 's Freddy . Maybe rent this movie from the library if you have seen the originals and want more .
 Hey folks what is more enjoyable than an original horror movie ? Why , the remake of course . Those are always delightful . 1 , 2 Freddy 's coming for you . 3 , 4 better lock your door . 5 , 6 grab a crucifix . 7,8 stay up late . 9 , 10 never sleep again . This is A Nightmare on Elm Street.Spoilers return from the dead ... Based on Wes Craven 's creation music video director Samuel Bayer -LRB- Green Day
 A Nightmare on Elm Street . . Now I have never been attracted to this series so I generally did n't expect a wow movie but this was just crap . I do not recommend this movie . 2 stars
 This movie is TERRIBLE for one reason and one reason only . No Robert Englund . I hated this new guy in Watchmen and after seeing this I think he deserves to be shot . How dare he think he could handle this role . There is only one Freddy .
 The case of the movie was damage and broken I had to buy a new one but the movie was good .
 Not only is this bad it is sleep inducing!You wo n't be afraid to fall asleep you have trouble staying awake . To all these so called movie company 's please
 This movie will probably be forgotten fairly quickly , but it 's sad that like with `` The Hitcher '' remake , its legacy may be that people disregard the original . I know that horror fans think the opposite is true and that terrible remakes only make the originals look better , but in the mainstream I think that they turn people off to the title and make it seem that there might not have been that much to mine in the first place . With `` Elm Street , '' it takes away some of the original 's power and mystique by doing a carbon copy that is boring and dismissable.What is really wrong here ? First of all , the actors are universally terrible . Second , as good an idea as it seemed for Haley to be Freddie , he just does n't work . Finally , the director seems bent on creating these really interesting visuals that show up from time to time to give it a style , but then the script itself is a patchwork better suited to the `` Final Destination '' franchise . This is `` Nightmare on Elm Street , '' damnit ! If you 're not even going to try , do n't bother taking our money ! With the just as forgettable `` Friday the 13th '' remake , you 're not remaking a film that was all that well done in the first place so as long as you have kids dying at the hands of a man in a hockey mask , it 's passable . But `` Nightmare '' is style and gothic horror and when it 's reduced like this it starts to make dreck like `` Freddie 's Dead '' or `` Dream Child '' look downright proficient in comparison .
 First and foremost , if you think that this POS -LRB- acronym -RRB- excuse for a remake surpasses the original , than you must be under the age of 25 . This was a HORRIBLE `` film '' -LRB- I use the term loosely -RRB- from every conceivable angle . Even if it were not a remake , it would still be a horrible film . Why ? Well , here we go ... Jackie Earle Haley just SUCKS as an actor . I am sorry . Yes , I have seen him in other films before this `` nightmare '' ... but he really lost my respect with this turn out . Menacing ? Are you serious ? He has NO mannerisms ... he has no tone of character . He has no wit ... no personality . This makes for a very flat performance . Robert Englund gave Freddy Krueger a personality , one to be feared . The way he used his eyes , the way he would speak ... his overall mannerisms gave Krueger life and made him a true horror icon in the same league as Dracula , the Wolf Man and Frankenstein.As for the child actors , they are equally horrid . They are straight out of the `` emo '' culture and totally lacking any depth and authenticity . Remember the bedroom scene with Tina -LRB- from the original -RRB- ? Well , you do n't quite get the surreality of that sequence here . Come to think of it , you do n't get any of the surrealism that the original had in this asinine remake . The surrealism was part of what made the original so frightening !! The story is also an abomination . They could have at least made a story that had something fresh to offer . I do n't care what you say , there was nothing fresh about it . It was a remix , pure and simple . As for the violence , oh ... wow , that 's a lot of blood . The only problem is , people do n't bleed that much @sshole . The violence in the original was not so over the top that it came off as being a Merrie Melodies cartoon ... violence is a tool in film . You use it , but you use it wisely . If you do too much , it just becomes senseless -LRB- like so many of the horror films today -RRB- ... and therefore has little effect on seasoned viewers -LRB- the majority of the people who seek out such entertainment -RRB- . If you use too little , then it does n't activate the `` horror '' feature built within our emotions . The original handled the use of violence masterfully ... this film , it 's just ridiculous to the point of being mundane.Michael Bay is a horrible film maker . Horrible . Platinum Dunes needs to cease and desist their remakes of horror films . They are a crime against cinema . Samuel Bayer ? Who ? Yeah , exactly ... This is , by far , THE WORST horror remake that I have ever seen ... and pretty much ends my curiosity of seeing any more .
 I hated this remake . 10 times worse than the Friday the 13th remake . It has NOTHING of what made the original a classic . The story and cast are boring and generic , and the guy playing Freddy is no where near as effective as Robert Englund . Terrible .
 This SUCKS . I saw it the other day and I HATED it . It was as if the CW remade the original . No personality at all , a HORRIBLE cast -LRB- Rooney Mara may be the single most un-charismatic actress I 've EVER seen -RRB- . Terrible make-up and effects work , Jackie Earl Haley looked and sounded as if he was speaking through a Halloween mask . The character of ` Freddy ' is supposed to be played in the manner of a sadistic court-jester , Englund was clearly having a blast with the material and threw a lot of himself into the role . Haley 's not doing any of that . As fine an actor as he is , he 's horrible here.There has n't been a film in awhile that I ca n't think of a SINGLE THING to compliment it on , but this one falls squarely into that category . It 's awful , outside of a morbid sense of curiosity , there 's honestly not a single reason to waste your time on it . Front-to-back , EVERYONE decided to phone this in and it shows . If the production crew did n't care at all , I do n't see any reason that anyone else should . Even at it 's worst point in any of the original films -LRB- sequel 's included -RRB- I was at least under the impression that people were trying . I ca n't even say that here . It 's a complete train wreck . The only `` nightmare '' is the threat of a sequel ...
 Enough with the remakes ... . this movie is horrible !!! Having someone else play Freddy , is like seeing your favorite band with a different singer . Just a bad product ...
 In the past couple of years Hollywood has managed to remake the big three in horror.Halloween , which turned out to be a complete failure.Friday the 13th , while better than the Halloween remakes really was n't that good or necessary either.And now we come to my beloved Freddy.I think we 're all in agreement when I say , there is only one Freddy.Past , present , future ... Robert Englund.I popped this in the player determined to hate it ... That opinion changed about five minutes into it.It 's not that the movie was good , this lightbulb just sort of went off in my head and I thought ... Would I have enjoyed the original Nightmare now as an adult?Do kids now a days like the original?The answer to that is , probably not.I loved the original because I was a teen at the time.Bad acting and all , I hold that movie dear becasue I was at the right age at the time I saw it.Kids probably watch the original and laugh at all of it.So with that in mind I really wanted to watch the remake with the eyes of who it was intended for.The diehards are going to hate it no matter what , but just try and pretend the original never happened and this was the start of a brand new franchise ... With that attitude adjustment in mind here are my thoughts ... The good.Jackie Haley turns in a chilling performance as Krueger.No one , and I mean NO ONE could have done this character justice besides Haley.The rest of the cast was decent , nothing memorable or spectacular.The FX were also decent , maybe a tad overdone and phony in spots.The bad.The story itself just is n't that good.The original had quite a bit of build up to the final fight.This one ... it just felt like everyone went though the motions to get the film done.Nothing new , nothing innovative except Haley.Sigh ... by the time the movie was over I was glad.It 's not that it 's a bad movie as a stand alone.I really tried to watch it though the eyes of someone who 's never seen Freddy before but that just did n't work.Aside from Haley there is no real reason to see this entry.Rent it if you must otherwise I ca n't really recommend it.Typical slasher remake that fails to live up to the source material.Bring Englund back if you make another , just find a talented cast , director and a decent script.It should n't be THAT hard .
 While there 's really no reason to remake Wes Craven 's cult original , I wondered what 20 years and a pile of mediocre sequels would breathe into the franchise and , of course , who would play Freddy . Following in the footsteps of Robert Englund is no small feat but Jackie Earle Haley -LRB- of Watchmen fame -RRB- was a great casting decision , and carries out the sadomasochistic teen-slashing quite convincingly . He does this despite the script so kudos for making something out of nothing.Unfortunately , the soon-to-be-slashed teens are somewhat less interesting , and mope between the compulsory `` research the plot on the Internet '' scenes and high-school melodrama . The parents of the talk-back teens seem to take any amount of nonsense from these kids and their only purpose in the movie is to hide `` the big secret '' that for some reason was so prominent in the movie 's trailer.Although it 's been a while and maybe Craven 's version was n't exactly full of rich , three-dimensional characters , the shallowness is painfully obvious with the limp dialog and genuinely appalling acting . But the biggest difference between the original and the remake is that the newer version has completely lost any sense of terror , and it 's really hard to figure out why . Partly it 's that the obligatory CGI upgrade has the effect of making Freddy less scary , and partly it 's because we 're just not emotionally invested in the actors , but the overall effect is that it 's really not scary at all.And I know there are some die-hard fans out there who really like this `` re-imagining '' , but you have to ask yourself when franchise reboots come along , what would Christopher Nolan do ? Using the Nolan benchmark , I can only conclude this was a missed opportunity .
 ... and I guess that pretty well sums it up for me . I 'm a big NOES fan and saw the original batch of films . Now comes this remake . Look , I understand Robert Englund could n't play Freddy forever and that Jackie Earle Haley is an excellent actor . That being said , I also believe there are just some movies that you should n't remake . I think Nightmare and the Freddy character falls into this particular realm . Robert Englund 's personality made Freddy a bit better than he was , if that makes any sense . With Jackie Earle Haley , Freddy becomes just another sick child molester . Bottom line , expect no surprises and expect to feel a bit empty when you get to the end of this film .
 ANMOES 2010 has got ta be one of the worst movies I have seen in ages . There is no character development and the story moves around like a freight train with different subplots almost knocking into each other and without ever revealing anything germane to the plot . Fake Freddy looked absolutely ludicrous and resembled some 40 year-old man still living at home with his mother , not one of the greatest slasher characters in cinematic history . The movie takes every over-the-top cliche from an '80s slasher and with the grace of a 300 pound blind ballerina tries to make a coherent story out of it . Not gon na happen . Although truth be told it is n't as bad as FTT 2009 , but it 's pretty close . Why ca n't studios invest real money , time and talent into making quality original movies ?
 Being a horror fan of many , many years I conclude that this re-make is not very good at all , on the edge of crap . Watched it twice , saw twice as many dislikes . I do n't like this Freddy , do n't like any of the characters nor do I care for the back story concocted for this mess , absolutely horrible . I can save some of you time here
 Unfortunately another remake gone bad . The only good thing about the film was the score . Having a new Freddy instead of Robert England was a mistake because the voice and look for freddy is a thousand miles apart from the original . The lines given for Jack Earl Haley were awful and some of them came from Freddy vs Jason ; for instance , `` your in my world now '' like we have n't heard that line before . Even the build up to the end was bad , along with the ending scene with Freddy pulling in the mom into the mirror . Overall , you do n't care about the characters with little character development . Maybe someone can watch this film as a rent , but definitly not for a buy on DVD .
 The original `` Nightmare on Elm Street '' was an innovative , cutting edge , classic horror film . For the 1980 's audience , it was scary!The many sequels turned this film into a franchise which diminished it 's quality and artisitic integrity.A remake could have only been made because 1 -RRB- Easier to create special effects and 2 -RRB- making money.I ca n't categorize this film in any other way but to state that this movie SUCKS ! It 's an embarrassment to the movie making industry and a complete exploitation of the teenagers that would swarm to anything that is heavily marketed.Any fan of horror should despise this .
 When all is said and done , this film is essentially for people who never heard of the original or find any film pre-2000 as passe or quaint . This remake -LRB- let 's forget that the word `` reimagining '' ever existed -RRB- is a basic by-the-numbers retread of territory the previous entries have all explored and does n't add anything new to the overall world of `` Nightmare '' . Therein lies the problem - if you have nothing new to add to the series , then your entry becomes extraneous by default . And that 's what this film is
 Oh , what an impact the original ` Nightmare on Elm Street ' had on me . A vicious demon with a sophomoric sense of humor who inhabits the subconscious world of dreams . Accordingly his victims must visit him , because everyone has to sleep . I thought it was a terrific device for a horror story -- a truly frightening horror story . So I 've been a fan of the original , and can totally do without all the nutty sequels . But the other day I caught the remake of A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET on cable , so I pulled up a chair . After all , why not see what Jackie Earle Haley brings to the table as the new Freddy Krueger ? He 's as `` out there '' as Robert Englund ; I looked forward to his interpretation of such an iconic boogeyman.My goodness . This film was absolutely flat , as bland as overchewed gum . Haley acts as if on tranquilizers , sleepwalking through his role with an irritating monotone delivery as one-dimensional as the period at the end of this sentence . The other players appear bored out of their minds , and are so unlikable and annoying we honestly do n't care what happens to them . I adore Connie Britton , yet she , too , performs her role as one of the teen 's moms with perpetual disinterest . The variations from the original story add nothing to the remake , the ending is a rip-off of one of the goofy sequels , and the suspense just ai n't happenin ' . The true nightmare is getting through A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET . Have your remote on hand ; get ready to switch channels . -- D. Mikels , Author , The Reckoning
 This storyline was already familiar . Now that I think about it , there was nothing that was said here that was n't already said in the first 10 Freddy Krueger films.Save your money .
 Movies this bad are easy to review . Nothing more to say than that it just plain sucked.Nightmare never need to be redone . It was a cash grab and I the only positive thing is that I rented it from my local video store -LRB- Queen Video in Toronto -RRB- . The cast was horrible . The dialogue ... well it seems like that room of monkeys on typewriters finally churned out something ... this script.Freddy 's new look was actually kinda cool . But the second he opened up his mouth to try and come with clever one liner ... ugh - hilarity.Pass on this or rent the first one.Truly awful excuse of a remake and not recommended for anyone with a brain .
 We have here yet another dud in the vast graveyard of horror updates.There are several horror films from back in the day that would be good fodder for a modern revamp or retelling ... slightly obscure ones , not-so-scary ones that need a shocking jolt or two , and so on . But to remake the original of a seemingly endless and popular franchise , and then to nearly copy it was a mistake . I was hoping for some sort of original or interesting spin , something that might have been engaging . No such luck.Now , the photography , cast , lighting , design , score , and so forth were decent . However , the movie itself just was not scary ; therefore it fails completely . We 're paying to get thrills and chills , you see . Ho hum . Maybe the filmmakers and writers were nervous about straying too far from the source material , treating the original `` A Nightmare on Elm Street '' like some sacred cow -- but if that 's the case , then they made a colossal error because this is where just such a big risk might have paid off in droves . They could have altered the storyline somehow to make it more powerful ... or added a specific element of the supernatural . Oh , well.I rented this film solely to quench my childlike curiosity . And like a good deal of anticipation , the result was disappointing .
 actually had high hopes for this remake . It did n't take long of actually sitting in the theater for those hopes to be shot straight out of the sky . My main gripe is with the redesign of Freddie . He looks like Jim Carrey 's Grinch That Stole Christmas . Nothing about his appearance was at all frightening . It looked far too plastic and fake . How do special effects from two decades ago look better than anything we can put together now ? It is sad really . And they gave him way too many lines in the movie . Less is more when it comes to horror villains . Especially when you have such horrible dialogue as `` Why are you screaming ? I have n't even cut you yet . '' Freddy 's one liners are enough to kill this movie on their own . In fact I could have forgiven the terrible acting from the other stars , the cheesy gore effects and the ridiculous story details the new movie added ... . if only they had n't turned the centerpiece of the series into such a joke .
 A Nightmare on Elm Street -LRB- Samuel Bayer , 2010 -RRB- Let me first say , people , that if you 're going to take your rugrats to a non-family-oriented film , please duct tape their mouths shut before you leave the house . I 'm not entirely sure why you 're taking four-year-olds to see a movie that you are well aware will be awash in gore , but hey , that 's your decision . However , your right to treat your kids the way you want -LRB- and I 'm not complaining about that , really ; I 've been introducing my own kid to horror classics her entire life -RRB- stops the second their talking , running in the aisles , and general buffoonery pisses off the rest of the -LRB- appropriately -RRB- adult audience.Okay , now on to the movie , about which that first paragraph had nothing to do , except for the probable fact that my enjoyment of the movie , what little there was of it , was dulled consistently by a particular bunch of siblings whose parents installed them in various seats around me -LRB- some behind me , some across the aisle -RRB- . Thrilling . But as for the movie itself , the good news is that it 's that rare Hollywood remake that is n't produced by Roy Lee , the new king of schlock . The bad news is , it 's produced by Michael Bay . Whether the news that it 's directed by music video mogul Samuel Bayer , who 's directed some of the last quarter-century 's iconic music videos -LRB- Marilyn Manson 's `` Rock Is Dead '' , Smashing Pumpkins ' `` Bullet with Butterfly Wings '' , and The Cranberries ' `` Zombie '' , among many others -RRB- , is good or bad I 'll leave up to the viewer to decide . I did go into it fearing I 'd loathe it , but the presence of Jackie Earle Haley -LRB- Watchmen , Shutter Island -RRB- and the recent extended trailer -LRB- which , I should mention , turns out to be the first two minutes of the film , with some of the dialogue cut out -RRB- resigned me to the fact that I was going to go see it anyway . And it was n't as bad as I feared , not by a country mile , but it was n't as good as I 'd hoped , either.If you 've been in a cave for the past twenty-six years , here 's a quick rundown of the plot , updated for 2010 audiences . Nancy -LRB- Youth in Revolt 's Rooney Mara -RRB- is a waitress at a diner in a small town in Ohio -LRB- it could be anywhere , but we see that `` OH '' on a medical form at one point ... which makes me wonder where in Ohio I can find a Powell 's Books , because I wan na go ! -RRB- that 's the basic weekend teen hangout . As we open , Dean -LRB- teen heartthrob Kellan Lutz from the Twilight franchise -RRB- is sitting by his lonesome in one of the booths having one heckuva nightmare . You 've seen it in the extended trailer , and it 's one of the movie 's most effective scenes . -LRB- It also pays sideways homage to Saw . -RRB- Nancy wakes him up just at the right moment , pours him more coffee , etc. . He is then joined by Kris -LRB- Katie Cassidy , from the recent Melrose Place reboot -RRB- , the ex-girlfriend of his pal Jesse -LRB- Thomas Dekker from Terminator
 The first thing I thought when this movie started was that they must have decided not make this remake about teenagers . The cast looked to be in their 30 's afterall . But no , they are supposed to be teenagers . After a little research I realized I was about 5 years off , most of the `` teenage '' cast were around 25 . They just looked 30 . Somehow.Speaking of those `` teenagers '' , they all have roughly the same personality . That is , none . I 'm not a fan of picking on actors that are given nothing to work with so , on to the screenplay.There was n't one . It seems they just cobbled together a hybrid of the various sequels from the past and then drained out all life , imagination , heart , and ... well everything good . This movie does not bother to set up anything , it just starts in the middle of things without bothering to give us any sense of place or time . Because of this the film feels sort of like a dream in itself , that some person we never see might be having . Some really boring person.Freddy . Hmm . He looks sort of like someone set Tom Waits on fire in this film . Which would be sort of neat except Freddy is given no more personality than any of the rest of the cast . They claimed they were going for `` the dark version '' of Freddy from the first film ... but he 's still tossing off one-liners here like he did in some of the original sequels . Except they have no punch what-so-ever . It makes you come to respect Robert Englund even more . Robert could still make Freddy at least entertaining , even in the worst of the original 's sequels.Freddy has zero presence . They show way too much of him and it always falls flat . He 's a lot creepier in his pre-burned state . Nothing against Jackie Earle Haley , as he has little to work with , but I was reminded of his role as Rorschach in Watchmen too much . I do n't really blame him for being lazy and phoning in his older character here though . No performance would have saved this from its limp direction and pathetic screenplay . I 'm guessing he sensed that early on.Worst of all this film as absolutely ZERO imagination . None . Zilch . Nada . It tries to steal a few of the imaginative dream ideas from other films but it has no idea how to do even that right . The rip-offs are pale , empty shells . It offers nothing of its own . This is a film monster that lives in your dreams . Anything can happen . This should be exploited . It is not . Even the most horrible sequels from the past used the whole concept of dreams imaginatively.Despite the bad direction and screenplay , one gets the feeling the director/writers actually were passionate about this film . That 's the sad part . You ca n't even feel contempt for them , just pity.A bland project from soulless filmmakers with no sense of storytelling , characterization , pace , imagination , intellectual curiosity ... not even camera technique for god 's sake . -LRB- Nice picture quality is about as much they can manage -RRB- . They did manage one good thing . They excised that ridiculous sequence from the original were Nancy sets up dozens of complicated booby traps for Freddy that takes her all of 30 minutes to construct . Always hated that bit .
 I do n't know how many times i have to say this but when will they learn ??? YOU ca n't remake a classic and it be as good as the original . I finally brought myself to watch this and it was so horrible i didnt even finish it !!! I am a die hard older horror movie fan , I love Halloween , Friday the 13th and Nightmare on Elm Street . These new remakes make me want to scream cause they are so stupid !!!!! They are nothing but dry horror the same old stuff we see coming to the theaters every week . Whatever happened to being scared to death ?? I remember the first time i ever watched Halloween , Nightmare on elm street , Friday the 13th , John Carpenters The thing , Poltergeist , and of course the original zombie movies ... but these remakes are so silly i laugh at them . I own all the old horror films and i still wont watch them right before bed , but these new ones i smile while i watch . The guy who plays Freddy is NOT scary he looks like my scarecrow mask i decorate with on Halloween . His voice is NOT frightning at all . I just ca n't go on no more this is pointless ... i miss the old days of making horror movies and just think we have better technology now but these new movies are more fake !!!!
 Michael Bay should stick to big Hollywood action movies . The only character I cared about was Kristen . The new Nancy has no energy and you could care less if she dies . I wish that they did what Rob Zombie did with Halloween . He actually made a whole different movie . Jackie Earle Haley did a good job with the material he was given , but Robert Englund is Freddy . For the Love of God stop remaking the classic horror movies.I Give it 2 out of 5 it 's entertaining when nothing else is on .
 This movie has a few alright moments . But that 's like saying you caught a blue gill when you where aiming for a bas . Jackie Earl Haley puts foward a respectable effort as the new Freddy but not even that can salvage this film from the train wreck it is . The plot attempts to coax you into believing things you obviously wo n't fall for , unless you have no idea what the whole franchise is , and in the twenty first century movie goers know what this character and his gruesome story is about.Despite all the downfalls that plague this movie i 'm still a little curious to see a sequel.Just to see what they would do with it .
 These days it seems Hollywood only wants to cash in on old ideas in their endless pile of hollow , pointless remakes most of which lack any sort of substance or emotional attachment that made the originals so popular . By now the name Platinum Dunes will probably make you cringe and turn your head in the other direction . Here we have a new Freddy Krueger that provides no scares coupled with a poor makeup job that has him looking like some sort of man-lizard creature and a voice that resembles Elmer Fudd . The teens are no better . We are offered nothing to make us care anything about what happens to them . It 's even difficult to root for the heroine character of Nancy who plays out like a tired robot . The mother who was a boozing alcoholic in the original film is another snoozefest . If you are looking and hoping for suspense , look elsewhere . It is lacking much like it was in the remake of Friday the 13th and replaced with cheap jump-scares . As with most Platinum Dunes films this remake has a very clean , polished look to it so do n't expect it to be dripping with a spooky atmosphere . And as usual , we are provided with a much needed backstory so if you like your films with some mystery you will be disappointed . If you want something more hard-edged and genuinely frightening , start looking into today 's foreign horror films and put all these Hollywood duds behind you . They are way ahead of us when it comes to giving the audience a truly scary movie-going experience that will stay with you for days after .
 I grew up watching the Freddy movies and was somewhat skeptical about a remake of Nightmare on Elm Street without Robert Englund . My intuition was completely correct . Upon seeing Freddy for the first time in the new film , from there on out , it was laughable . The new Freddy 1 . -RRB- looked completely out of character . One of Robert Englund 's trademarks for Freddy was the long nose . The new Freddy , did n't have one . 2 . -RRB- The new Freddy said things that Freddy never said or would n't ever say in my opinion . 3 . -RRB- The voice ... oh my , the voice . Horrid . 4 . -RRB- The size and height for Freddy was off.Now I know these are things most people would n't pay attention to , but being a die hard Freddy girl , it was unacceptable to me to do damage to the character like that.Now , I will say the plot of the film was pretty good . It did n't save the movie for me , though . Like I said , once I saw and heard Freddy , it was over for me . I do n't consider this to be a part of the original franchise . They should keep the new one in the comedy section . If you like Freddy , stick to the old-school originals .
 I 'm not a horror purist who sees early 80 's B-movies as sacrosanct . I think we 've deified some pretty poor film making in much the same way that we decide only our era of pop music was `` classic . `` I remember loving the first NIGHTMARE in the theater , I was even on board for most of the cheesy sequels throughout the rest of that decade . I do n't expect much whenever I see Michael Bay 's name attached to a film , but the other names -LRB- Haley , Clancy Brown , the great Connie Britton -RRB- allowed me to imagine , if you will , a BATMAN BEGINS-style reinterpretation . Grittier , darker , with dream-making technology unavailable back in the Reagan days.The result , unfortunately , is just ... meh . Turgid , one-dimensional characters plodding through a reality that seems no different from its nightmare counterpart -LRB- except for less atmospheric lighting -RRB- . None of the actors are allowed to show anything approaching charm , likability , or even the vaguest sense of chemistry with their fellow cast mates . Surprisingly , Haley gets short-sheeted the most -- his Freddy is given precious little to say or do -LRB- only glimpses of an animated , affectionate , still-very-much-alive Krueger give any sense of the empathetic sway he could have given the character -- if the script and direction had displayed any ambition at all -RRB- . I dare say his performance in LITTLE CHILDREN was a better NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET than this sad little number.What you 're left with is a by-the-numbers homage , clicking off the necessary plot points and shout-outs -LRB- the kid who leaps through his girlfriend 's window here is in no danger of becoming the next Johnny Depp -RRB- . What meager thrills are to be had are lowest common denominator -- the biggest `` innovation '' in this retelling would be the stage of sleep deprivation in which the hapless teens are popping in and out of sleep for the briefest of moments , but it 's only in there so the director can `` gotcha '' shock the viewer every five minutes or so.Exactly the kind of schlock gimmicks they did n't need in the original .
 I do n't even know where to begin with this review , since I 'm so appalled at how bad this movie was . I was thinking of maybe starting with a positive thought or two , then going to the negative , but there 's honestly NOTHING good about this movie . The new character who plays Freddie is awful . He looks like the kid from that movie Mask . Just really , really bizarre looking . I spent more time analyzing how weird his face looks , than anything else.The casting for this movie was miserable , the storyline was predictable , bland and boring . Jeez , I do n't even know what else I can write . If you have n't seen this movie , do n't even waste your time . It 's probably up there in the Top 5 WORST Horror Movies I 've ever seen . Maybe even Top 3 . The many 1 and 2 star reviews on here seem to be the only things telling the truth . I 've read a few respectable 3-star reviews as well , but the 4 and 5-star reviews are off their rockers ! There 's no way this is anything above a 2-star movie . I personally think it 's as 1-star as a movie can get , but I can see giving it an extra star or something , because you love the concept of Freddy Kreuger . Watch this movie out of nostalgia if you 'd like , and then get back to me and let me know how bad it is !
 It 's good for a view every now and then , never gon na be a classic but I like horror flicks . It was also only 4 bucks ... and Bluray .
 This movie was horrible compared to the original Nightmare on Elm street movies . Freddy does not look like freddy at all ... I know the original actor for Freddy is old , but I thought they should have gotten someone closer to his body build , and features . This freddy was super skinny , and his face looks nothing like him . What a bore !
 Samuel Bayer 's remake of Wes Craven 's classic A Nightmare on Elm Street contains a dual set of opening credits wherein a standard font appears over images of children 's chalk-scrawl of the same . This turns out to be an unintentionally brilliant comment on what is to follow
 OMG !! ... what a letdown !! ... Its kinda sad because i was so excited to watch this , a remake after all these years was something i wanted since FREDDY 'S DEAD - THE FINAL NIGHTMARE . Being a big fan of Freddy 's movies , i have to say that this one does not fit very well in the catalogue ... Do n't get me wrong here , director Samuel Bayer did a good job with this movie , the actors are great -LRB- especially Katie Cassidy ... Mmm . . -RRB- and director of photography Jeff Cutter did a remarkable job as well but where the film fails is really in the whole '' Freddy concept '' thing . Freddy movies used to be entertaining and funny , with elements of fantasy AND horror . . Sometimes magic too ... . Freddy also used to have a very raw and morbid sense of humour , especially when he was killing someone . . sometimes laughing like crazy as he was killing ... that 's the Freddy we are missing here ... What we have in this movie is mostly a `` modern '' version of Freddy , with a lot more hate and violence ... . just like most of the `` so called '' horror movies that get released these days . He seems to have lost his sense of humour and the movie itself is lacking in fantasy and magic . I have to admit I 'm also missing Robert Englund here !!!! -LRB- the real Freddy -RRB- The actor they choose is different , a lot different , you can see it in his face -LRB- mask -RRB- and his voice ... At least they were able to keep the original story intact
 I gave this movie a shot ; it was a stinky little doo doo . Replacing Robert England with Jackie Earle Haley was the height of stupidity . Pure folly . Doomed from inception . This movie was stillborn from day 1 . The difference between Robert England and Jackie Earle Haley is like the difference between watching Jimi Hendix burn the house down and watching some dude play Hendrix songs on Guitar Hero . Robert England as FREDDY is an ICON . You can not replace him . Robert England 's Freddy was charasmatic , sexy , physically dynamic - and that voice ! and the comic timing ! and THAT LAUGH !! Haley is truly , sorely out of his depth
 The only possible reason I can see for anyone wanting to remake a classic horror film likeA Nightmare on Elm Streetis to take the core concept and make it bigger , more shocking , more strange . To take advantage of advances in special effects to build upon and expand the possibilities of the original concept . Maybe , in this case , to take advantage of the fact that in a nightmare things that could n't possibly be real can seem nevertheless eerily familiar . Maybe to pull off something along the lines ofInception , that forces the viewer to ask at every moment whether what they 're seeing is real , but to play it for terror , much more dark and unsettling.They did n't do that here . Rather , they took the original story , watered it down a bit , took all the fun out of it , and hired a new crop of teenage actors and told them to act like they were barely awake . -LRB- My wife and I picked it because we really wanted to see something scary - as it turns out I could barely stay awake -RRB- . They used the same kinds of special effects , just done with CGI this time - plus a shot that 's become almost cliche in horror films lately
 Not only am I getting real sick of this classless , unimaginative remake culture , I am also getting tired of Michael Bay 's ` whatever THEY did , I can do better ' logic . His Platinum Dunes production company has defecated on so many horror franchises with garbage like Texas Chainsaw Massacre
 In response to MR LOCO.If you were really a Freddy fan , You 'd know that the back story had never changed . They just played it up a bit more.Freddy was always a pedophile , they just never use that word to describe him . Go back and watch Freddy vs Jason . The opening scene
 I have to say this is one of the worst remakes in horror films . Effects wise it was good , but they butchered Freddy 's backstory which was unnecessary but made Freddy less of villain . I 'm sorry , but making him a child molester instead of a child killer in his human life was utterly ridiculous and took the scary edge off him . And like the remake of Halloween 1 & 2 , you really did n't care about the characters and whether they were killed or not.When the movie finished all I thought was WTF ? It was a remake that never should have happened .
 This seems to be the most forgettable movie I have ever seen . And this is backed up by having friends who have also watched this movie , and everybody I know , could barely recall a single scene from the whole movie . It 's quite a feat . I do n't know how that is even possible . One thing that I do remember and want to mention is that Jackie Earl Haley , who has delivered good performances in the past , seems lifeless , and uninspired . He never seems liek athreat , but most of the time looks like alittle kid dressed up for halloween , with a hat and glove that seem comically large to his small frame . It might just be the worst remake I 've seen yet .
 Please no sequels !!!! This movie was not exciting or entertaining at all . It was plain boring . Even that it was made darker , did n't help the movie at all . It is bad . And this new slasher is nothing like original ones and plain bad .
 I watched scary movies as a kid , but for some reason I stopped watching them when I got older because they scared me !! So my family convinced me to watch this remake . It was soooooo bad and sooooooo UNscary , I have this irristable urge to watch the original Nightmare on Elm Street just so I can get my fear of scary movies back !!! They should have left this one alone !
 what happen to freddy 's sense of humor in the original series he would make jokes through the movie on this he just makes comments like after he killed the dog he siad nice puppy.the people who are fans of the original series this is not the film for you.but if you not a fan of the original series you will might like this
 Feel like the 80s and early 90s Freddy Krueger appearance looked a lot better than this one . Not to sound rude , but Freddy 's voice was annoying in this one .
 The movie itself was like remake but the streaming interruptions were constant and annoying . Amazon 's movies on demand normally pretty smooth but this one did n't meet the standards .
 I have seen a lot of this original series and loved them . I borrowed this one from my local library since I usually hate remakes of horror movies and this was no exception . This remake is the worse than the Jason remake . I mean , the movie nearly put me to sleep I was so bored with it . You ca n't have a Freddy with Englund . I 'm sorry , but you just ca n't . This was a remake they should not have even been thought up . This movie is a disgrace to the genre and I would recommend you all spare the hour and a half and do something else more worth your while . I 'm I watched it to ward others away from it , but please save yourself the embarrassment and do n't watch this pathetic excuse for a movie !!
 it sucked ... it was boreing , no tongue in cheek humor like the org . movies the female lead didnt act very well ... the guy who played Freddy was good ... save ur money or go rent the org ...
 Boring , underwhelming remake that needed a jolt of energy but better than 4 , 5 , and 6 though , Haley could n't fill the shoes of Englund , it was a sad attempt , even when the movies were bad Englund put his all into the role of Freddy . Watch once out of curiosity .
 While this could have been a great reboot for the Nightmare On Elm Street series it just fell so flat with it 's bland actors/actresses and directing it just turned out to be one disappointment after another . Unlike some I really did n't see the fault on the choice of the actor who played Freddy actually he 's the only one in the movie beside one or two other background characters who did very well in his role as the new generation Freddy . The major problem other then the flat script was the apathetic and talentless acting ability from cast who were picked to play the main teenager characters in the movie especially the one for Nancy.Unlike the 80 's version I had no empathy for any of these characters , mostly I was rooting Freddy on whenever he took one of them out as that way we did n't have to listen to anymore of their atrocious acting throughout the rest of the movie with the exception being the survivors unfortunately . The new background angle plot the writers did on the character of Freddy was inventive but they also left a lot of it either purposefully or forgetfully vague in other areas . If you 're a fan of the original NOES I say stick with that it do n't bother with this horrific remake but if you 're still curious and for what the price it 's going for right now I 'd say give it a shot just keep the expectations of the movie very very very low .
 I was disgusted by the fact that Freddy was a pedophile who sexually assaulted all of the teens in the movie when they were younger at daycare . After all of their parents understandably brutally murder him , he becomes Freddy and stalks and kills all of the kids when they become teens . Even when apparent victory is achieved , it actually is n't . The main female character -LRB- Nancy -RRB- is forced to endure Freddy taunting her while he looms over her on a bed for about five minutes about how he enjoyed sexually abusing her when she was little . As he attempts to kill her , she apparently gains the advantage and finally kills him -LRB- as she should have -RRB- . But alas , he returns to stab his blades through her mother 's head and eye sockets , brutally murdering her right in front of Nancy . The credits then roll , so he escapes unpunished for his heinous sins . I know it was a Freddy slasher flick and it was a horror movie , but the fact that they made him a child rapist and that he is able to taunt and kill them later in life after violating them when they were young children is just disgusting and sick . As a parent with a child in daycare , this movie is a grotesque outrage . It pissed me off and it was hard to sit through . I wo n't watch any sequels to this trash . Maybe the director and producer should be checked out to see if they have a child fetish , since they obviously enjoyed celebrating pedophilia through the vehicle of their invincible serial killer main character . Child sexual abuse is not cool nor is it ever a joke . Inappropriate garbage !
 A lot of people are up in arms about a Nightmare film without Robert Englund . I guess I do n't understand what all the hoopla is about . It 's not like it 's a Godfather movie without Marlon Brando . The character of Freddy requires very little acting prowess . `` Put this sweater on , wear this glove , and pop up around corners a lot and say boo . `` That 's why I feel like Jackie Earl Haley 's talent was really wasted on this film . To be a good Freddy you really do n't need to do much , so they might as well have brought Englund back or put some no name guy in his spot . I give props to Jackie though , he tries to do as much with the character as he can . The flashback scenes are well acted and are probably the only positive thing about this film.The fact is , I have never been a big fan of this franchise because the movies are innately redundant . Seeing as Freddy is limited to the dream world , the only way the kids will encounter him is if they fall asleep . So the whole movie replays the same scenarios out with each victim.Victim gets tired , victim tries not to fall asleep , victim falls asleep for a little bit and gets attacked and wakes up screaming , victim can no longer stay awake and falls asleep for good and dies . End of victim.Rinse and repeat.I get it that most horror movies are formulaic . A big reason why there are so few good horror movies . But the truth is , no horror movie is quite as formulaic as this one . Besides maybe the Saw movies ... The movie tries to be clever with it and make you wonder if the person is sleeping or not . `` Oh my god , the doctor has a Freddy glove on , that means she 's dreaming ! '' In the end though , the movie is simply limited by what it can do . How they were able to pull out 5 + incarnations of this film still boggles my mind.If you 're a fan of the originals ... I guess you should give this one time . If you 're looking for a good horror movie , skip it .
 I bought this item thinking it was a regular DVD . When it came in the mail , the DVD case had RENTAL in large print across the bottom . The DVD itself also said rental on it , which means it has no special features . The product page says nothing about this being a rental copy , and the picture displayed does not say Rental on it like the item I received .
 It 's rare when a remake is better than its original or prequel . The Ring was probably the last decent remake . It 's even more rare when a remake of a classic is better than its source . Ringu was no classic and any excuse for a movie would 've sufficed as decent . The recent Halloween and Friday The 13th remakes were , in gentle terms , awful and useless . When A Nightmare On Elm Street was announced as the next on Modern Hollywood 's chopping block , I was excited , but that excitement quickly turned to apathy when the movie was finally released . I had wanted to see it during its theatrical release , but wisely decided not to . When I finally viewed it , my apathy turned to boredom and as anyone who follows my reviews knows , a movie can be bad ; it can be horrible ; but it can never be boring . And A Nightmare On Elm Street 2010 is boredom in a 90-minute can.There are no scares , no originality , heck , I never got the sense that the director wanted to scare the audience or keep them awake.Save your time and watch the original and leave this , the worst Nightmare movie ever , to obscurity.Strong recommendation to avoid .
 POSSIBLE SPOILERSAmong the many slashers to be remade over the recent years , this is probably the least of them I 'm afraid . Most story elements made no sense at all , requiring a much larger suspension of disbelief than I could handle ; none of the children had any recollection of being harmed by Freddy as kids , none of the kids remembered going to the same elementary school together , and the parents -- with no proof save their children 's ' claims -- hunt down and burn Freddy to death . Even for a slasher film this is too poorly and lazily constructed to be ignored . -LRB- Of course , at the climax Freddy leads the kids to proof positive that he did in fact harm them as kids . Yea , never saw that coming . -RRB- As for the good ? Haley 's make up is excellent . Freddy actually looks like a burn victim this time , I suppose to please all of those someones who were bothered that a character from a dream did n't look realistic in the old series . Haley did n't really get much of a chance to be affective as Freddy unfortunately because , the other problem with this film , the `` scares '' are so predictable and bland . I saw most of them coming a mile off . The direction is very bland and workman like -- killed almost all of his scenes . -LRB- He really tried hard too . Was OK at times , mostly in the beginning . -RRB- The CGI effects were another killer -- too obvious . -LRB- The ending best illustrated this . You know it 's coming because your expecting it to follow the composition of the original , but thanks to the CGI the scene was a dead dog . CGI just looks too clean and too perfect and well , not real . -RRB- A woefully mediocre film .
 First of all with His dolla store mask yes dolla store.Robert England should sue.The mask was off the voice the everything.Proves there is nothing like the classics.I am so glad I did NOT pay movie theatre prices I would have been so p 'd . This Freddy Kruger would have been running from me trying to get my money back.As you would say in the 90 ` sHATED IT !
 I ran to see this movie the day it came out . I have been a Nightmare on Elm street lover since a child , watching and re-watching all the original movies over and over again and never getting tired of it . I waited with anticipation , trying to relive my childhood horror movies.The first disappointment was that there was no Robert Englund ! He was so missed in this movie . Any Nightmare on Elm street movie MUST have Robert Englund , there even was n't a cameo.The movie itself was an okay horror movie , only that it can not nor should it have been named A Nightmare On Elm street , this movie is not in any caliber with the original movie . You will have a few scare and jumps but nothing like the original horror movie we knew from the 80 's , which unfortunately that type of horror was what I was waiting for.Enjoy seeing it
 I watched this twice to make sure I did n't miss anything . And I have to tell you ... . this is the worst out of the series . I would take part 4 and 5 any day over this . Yes , true he did look like a Genuine burn victim in this one . But there was no thrill no comedy no since of malice or anything . It almost looked like Haley had a mask on his face he was so stiff . The story was slow , boring and tedious at times with little imagination . I felt like Freddy 's lines were sad , poor pathetic renditions of a once energetic and fun killer . `` Why are you Crying ? I have n't even cut you yet ? The kills were boring with the exception of the end . Not much to see here seemed like they were operating on a skeleton budget and some bad actors . I mean I could n't tell Nancy from any other character in the film which is pretty sad when you think about it . And I just kept laughing at Freddy 's voice it was pretty funny in my opinion . If you want to see the last good Freddy flick rent `` New Nightmare '' save your time . That too me was a great rendition on the Freddy character and a more chilling one . He was serious but at the same time creatively intimidating . Or even watch Freddy vs Jason for that matter if you want to see some thrills . I think these are all fans that are just filled with hope and excitement writing these `` Stellar '' reviews . I know you want the franchise back but this is a horrible start in my opinion .
 This is the worst remake ever . Not scared not anything ... lousy ... I ca n't even put it into words . Robert Englund is the man ... This SUCKS .
 Its a great movie for what it is ... my only issue with the dvd is they did not state it was a rental special and didnt have anything but the movie on it or that it stated on the case on the dvd its self that it was a rental dvd only reason it got two stars was its not a bootleg and has the movie on it i would of opted for another disc if I had known it said rental all over the case and disc
 I did n't like this much at all . The film itself was very well made and much of the dream stuff looked very good , but it lacked the the scares of the early Freddy films , and lacked the fun of the later ones . I 'm not against remakes and reinterpretation , but this had nothing old , and really nothing new . it was mostly boring.the new guy playing Freddy seemed to be trying but the script did n't really give him much to go with . Skip it .
 It was as if none of these people ever even the originals . The movie is not scary at all just mostly a quick stab and kill with extra blood to make some more gore . The dialogue is stupid and not believable . Freddy rarely speaks and when he does its some pointless chessy line . The acting is semi believable when the `` teens '' are trying to be scared in their dreams or awake . But just was n't that great . Terrible unscary intro to the movie too . Even the ending to how they `` kill '' Freddy is cheesy since all that 's done is his glove hand is cut off and his throat is sliced real quick . But after that at the very end obviously they show that he 's still alive . I would give this movie a C - .
 I adore Jackie Earle Haley as an actor . He 's one of the best , I actually enjoyed the whole cast , but I do n't appreciate them trying to recreate Freddy . I understand that they were trying to make him scarier , but that 's just not who Freddy is . He 's a little scary at times , but he also likes to crack jokes at every opportunity . That 's just who Freddy is , it does n't work any other way . They might as well try to create a whole new villain with Freddy 's MO. . . never mind , I do n't want them doing that either . Just , leave Freddy alone . ROBERT FOREVER .
 This movie is a nightmare . Any of its predecessor 's are a better watch than this . There were a number of good casting choices , and the actor 's / actresses themselves were competent but it was just a big flashy bore .
 Everything you liked about the original nightmare films have been burned away in this awful remake . Nothing is good about this film , the CGI is terrible , Freddy looks like a fishface with the awful new make-up they gave him , and the characters in the film are monotonous and boring . This movie is just an insult to the fans , I ca n't believe how bad this is . No REAL Freddy fan would ever like this and without Robert Englund , the nightmare movies will never be the same . I wanted to give it a chance , but this film was a constant letdown .
 Five teenage friends living on one street all dream of a sinister man with a disfigured face , a frightening voice and a gardener 's glove with knives for fingers . One by one , he terrorizes them within their dreams -- where the rules are his and the only way out is to wake up . But when one among them dies , they soon realize that what happens in their dreams happens for real and the only way to stay alive is to stay awake . Buried in their past is a debt that has just come due . To save themselves , they must plunge into the mind of the most twisted nightmare of all
 Was a kick-start to `` Nightmare on Elm St '' really necessary ? I suppose if you look over the previous films , the whole tie together of the series may not have all joined together , they made new rules for each installment , up until about the 5th movie ; so when someone comes along saying they wan na kick start the franchise , you expect there will be both positive and negative vibes about it from fans.Now after seeing this , all I can say is , it would have been better to have just left the thing alone . First off , Jackie Earle Haley as Freddy did not work , both look and voice . If you have come to expect a certain character to look and sound a certain way , why change it ? I 'm not trying to sound like I hate the idea that Robert England was n't Freddy , but at least TRY to somewhat take a few lessons and mimic a few things . If TCM and FT13th did n't screw with the look of the main characters , then I might have accepted a different voice to Freddy , but the look of him in this reminded me of one of those albino alien things with long white hair in Stargate Atlantis.Imagine if the `` Dukes Of Hazzard '' re-boot -LRB- yeah i know it was n't a good movie either -RRB- changed the `` General Lee '' into a 2005 Toyota Carola , painted it pink and had `` Love Machine '' written on the sides of it . I may be over exaggerating a bit , but you get the point ; why mess with what works and downgrade it to something stupid?Then the new plot of the whole thing seemed to be futile . What was the point of this whole thing ? They re-tell the story , but just about every decent kill scene is a copy of what was in the original ... . just done with CGI to make it look more updated ... but they had no new ideas ? At no point in this movie did I see or feel anything that would `` scare '' an audience , and I highly doubt that this is going to find a new generation of viewers , as NOES has never gone out of style , and is n't the relic old 80 's movie people in Hollyweed want to make it out to be.Overall , the thing was watchable from start to finish , so i wont rate it a 0 or 1 , but I have no intention of seeing this travesty again , so I ca n't give it 3 , so it only get 's 2 stars from me . It 's decent to watch once , but do n't expect something that is going to blow you away and make you see the NOEM films in a brand new way ... I guarantee you will prefer the originals to this , and yet somehow walk away from this remake like , `` well , it 's not the worst movie i 've ever seen '' .
 This is a remake of the 1984 film of the same name , only Freddy 's body count film becomes predictable . Though at least credit the film makers for trying to update the tired Nightmare film franchise . Robert Englund is missing in the cast as lead villain Freddy Krueger and the new guy 's makeup and costume are much more `` ghetto , '' giving it a little old school feeling . Worth seeing once for horror buffs , but overall the film was n't satisfying , or scary .
 I was n't expecting much from this remake because I am a DIE HARD Nightmare on Elm Street fan , and was biased when I found out they were actually remaking one of my favorite horror movies/series of ALL TIME . I was right . I could n't even finish the film . I fell asleep after the guy or `` Freddy '' sliced ` that dude 's ' throat . I did n't feel anything for the characters during the funeral scene right afterwards , either , and turned off the movie shortly after . There went my interest factor . And I 've actually been ENJOYING most of the remakes that have been coming out . But no Robert Englund ? No low-growly funny jokes or crooked face , and NO S -- T-eating grins ??? This `` Freddy '' was just not funny AT ALL . He was boring and had no style whatsoever . UGGGHHHH !!! I could go on forever being such a fan of this series.I was also deeply and untterly disappointed when the scene that scared the living crap outta ' me when I was younger -LRB- when Tina gets sliced and diced and falls on the bed into a pool of her own blood from the ceiling * SPLAT !! * -RRB- had only a few ` droplets ' of blood in it . WTH ??? Once again , I did n't feel for the characters , and I definitely felt no passion for or from them , either , and I 'll watch ANYTHING . ANYTHING.This remake is simply insulting to my generation that grew up watching these wonderfully awaited horror movies ... and one of the most successful horror movie franchises -LRB- if not THE NUMBER 1 horror movie franchise -RRB- of ALL TIME . Lord , I 'm SO glad I got to experience the 80s with the REAL Nightmare movies . A simply disappointing and utterly pathetic attempt to remake a legendary horror movie!And BTW , who is giving the die hard Nightmare on Elm Street fans low reviews ? For what reason ? Their honesty does n't suit you ? Grow up . We know what we 're talking about , so if you come from the `` new millenia '' generation . You need to take your NO DOZ and your caffeine pills PRONTO !
 I never understood the recent outcropping of horror remakes . I 've seen a number of them , and I really do n't understand them after watching them . What 's the point ? . More often than not , they are not any good , and suck all of the originality , cleverness , spirit , atmosphere , and scares out of the original concept . They all seem to be glossy , over-produced pieces of MTV entertainment for young modern audiences with shortened attention spans . The re-boot of `` A Nightmare On Elm Street '' is no different . To me , this , and the replacement of Robert Englund , was the most offensive of all the re-makes . I thought RZ 's `` Halloween '' films took the cake , but this one being remade hit home more for me . Let 's get started ... A good helping of the story should be familiar to everybody . There 's no need to go into great detail about it or the story since it 's basically the same , but with some differences . Freddy Krueger worked at a pre-school as a gardner , and a bunch of parents chased him down and burned him alive when it was suspected that he was molesting the kids there . Now , some of those kids are teenagers -LRB- Yeah , right -RRB- in high school , and they are beginning to have nightmares about this strange , burned man in a fedora , red and green striped sweater , and razor fingered glove , who can kill you for real in your dreams . Yeah , we know the story . As Freddy picks the kids off one by one , the remaining survivors try to stay alive , and awake , and survive this nightmare . The audience will be trying to stay awake as well.It 's hard to have your review come across as honest to fans of the remakes . There is so much hate out there for remakes , but they do have their fans too . Some people will think a bashing review is just some fan boy who would n't give it a positive one even if it deserved it . I am a huge Freddy fan . I grew up on these movies . I love Robert Englund . But I am also honest , and I ca n't honestly give this a glowing review or find much in the way of positive things to say . In fact , most of it makes me angry . So , let 's get into what I thought ... A Nightmare On Elm Street 2010 is a movie made for modern audiences who are all about gloss , noise , and in your face absurdity and not even the faintest hint of intelligence , creativity , or scares . This is not a movie made for the fans . The powers that be could clearly care less about them , and only seem fixated on the buck . This version of Elm Street is a dreary place to hang out in , not that the `` Elm Street '' has much to do with the movie . There is such a cold , mechanical , by the book product at work here , that it 's even hard to enjoy as simple entertainment . There is just not a lot of fun going on here , and that extends to Freddy himself . He does n't seem to be having any fun . There is none of the demented glee in this Krueger . Just cold , monotonous killing . The only things that might bring a jolt to the fan is seeing a few iconic set pieces play out in the new film , but even then they are completely drained of any of the impact they originally had . Case in point being Freddy stretching thru the wall . The original version was more realistic and cool . Here , it 's just a bad CGI effect that looks like a cartoon . The problem here , as with most movies , horror or not , is a concern for putting in lots of CGI and less worry on atmosphere or scares . That some CGI enhanced scene would replace or compensate for lack of everything else . The movie is filled with some MTV-type cutting , fake scares , and loud noises . The mood , tension , atmosphere , and creepiness of the original is completely gone , as is the heart and passion Wes Craven and Co. put into it . Again , this is just a product . A famous name to jump on and bring in a big opening weekend . That 's all they care about . This is not the Elm Street I know . I feared what it would be , and got what I expected . I was hoping there would be something there for the fan , something to hold on to to enjoy , but it 's just not there . The script is silly , and the `` micro-naps '' concept is ridiculous . An excuse to have Freddy appear everywhere and further diminish any creep factor , tension , suspense , or anything at all . But , then again , the movie was already disappointing on every front anyways . The kills are n't that cool or inventive , the dreams are not out of this world as you would think in this day and age , and the film is just drab looking . Director Samuel Bayer has n't made any kind of impression with his first film . He films every scene so that you know immediatley what 's going to happen and what 's a dream and what 's not . There is nothing sneaking up on you . It 's been well known that Bayer did n't really know much about Elm Street and has said himself that he was never really a fan . Well , clearly . It definitley shows . If there is a sequel , get someone with a respect and love not only for the character and franchise , but for the fans as well.How was Freddy himself and the cast ? . I like Jackie Earle Haley a lot . Great actor . But he 's not Freddy , and this just is n't for him . Just like there is only one Dirty Harry , Rocky , Indiana Jones , etc , there is only one Freddy Krueger . Robert Englund . Everything that made Fredy `` Freddy '' is gone . You just ca n't replace that , or start something new and think it 's going to work as well . Here , Freddy is more of a pervy killer with no charm , charisma , or interest in teasing his intended prey or messing with them . In this one , Freddy is simply out for the kill with no real character or presence . Or point . Englund is sorely missed . Only he can be the `` funny Freddy '' , and only he can be the sick , demented dream killer we fell in love with in the original . The changes they made in Freddy 's crimes when he was alive is in extreme poor taste and makes for very uncomfortable , squirmiy moments . Not only that , but it renders the glove completely pointless . The original story gave the glove a meaning . Here , it has no meaning . He cut up a girl 's dress a bit ? . Give me a break ! . The backstory is silly and on incredibly shaky ground . It renders this Freddy even less than he already was . Like I said , Haley is a fine actor , and this is n't entirely his fault . This was n't right for him , but the script served him with absolutely nothing either . The rest of the cast fare no better . None of them are remotely interesting , and therefore you could really care less about any one of them . Our main heroine Nancy -LRB- Rooney Mara -RRB- , seems like a secondary character who is thrust into the spotlight . The original Nancy was a normal girl who became very interesting . Here , Nancy is a gothy loner who is n't interesting and becomes less so as the movie drags on . All the others are even less , although I felt more for Katie Cassidy , who is the `` Tina '' of the movie . Still , the film would n't of faired any better with her as Nancy . No , there is n't really the jock or the dimbulb cheerleader and so on , but there is n't anything here in these drab , mundane characters either.A Nightmare On Elm Street 2010 is just soulless . It 's devoid of popcorn tossing scares and entertainment , a strong script , good characters , menace , atmosphere , and everything that made the 1984 original an iconic landmark in the genre . You want to see a good movie that has everything and does it right ? . Then watch the originals . This movie is a classic for a reason . And producers , if you want today 's youth to have experiences that was had by moviegoers who saw the original films , then re-release those in theaters or create your own original films . You can reboot a well known product , but you will never be able to emulate it or what the movie was or achieved . It just ca n't be done . Elm Street 2010 is a sad affair . Even sadder is the fact that it will probably do well , and will lead to unnecessary sequels to a reboot nobody wanted or asked for in the fist place . This is n't a movie made by the fans for the fans , but a movie made by a group of people who clearly have no idea what made these movies in the first place or what has made them last for nearly 3 decades . Hollywood has simply ran out of ideas , but is still full of people and producers ready to make a buck on a known product without the sightest clue as how to do it .
 This is purely and simply truly , truly , truly AWFUL ... Take the original movie , change the backstory , screw around with the characters , remove all levels of atmosphere and pacing , ensure that all characters are purely one dimensional and of no interest whatsoever ... and this is pretty much what you 're left with ... The special features are simply laughable where the makers spend most of their time trying to `` big up '' this souless remake . Note to makers - you simply can not use the fancy phrase `` re-imagined '' when what you have clearly done is lift death scenes from the original movie , remake them in a truly awful and unscary way -LRB- with a few drops of really cheap looking CGI blood -RRB- and string some one dimensional dreary predictable dialogue in between to string the scenes together - I 'm sorry , that DOES N'T meet the definition of `` re-imagined '' at all - try checking out Rob Zombie 's `` re-imagining '' of Halloween to see how it should be done . Also , the way the original movie seems to be inferred by the idiots who put this piece of rubbish together as inferior to this drivel is quite simply offensive to Wes Craven and all the people who worked so hard on it in the first place to save New Line 's ass at the time.All I can say is , nevermind about `` never sleep again '' - after seeing this , I wonder how Bob Shaye can sleep at all ... now , how do I get that hour and a half of my life back that I wasted on watching this rubbish ...
 I had so many hopes for this ; I was among the first in line on opening day to see it in the theaters . And immediately afterward , I tried to convince myself that it was great . But there were some things about it -LRB- and it applies to a lot of other horror remakes -RRB- that gnawed at me and , after a while , I accepted that it was n't anywhere as close to good as the original . It was n't because of Jackie Earle Haley 's performance as he gave a very interesting interpretation to the character Freddy . Here 's why it fell apart : It tried to be so different from the original that it even excluded all the charm that made the original so popular . In 1984 , Nightmare was displayed , at least in part , as an imaginative fantasy with a daydream feel . The remake instead opts to displaying it as a damned established mythology right from the very start . The mythology is the main character . Freddy takes back seat to it . Telling `` The Story '' is the main point to the remake and thus they make it boring . In the original , the story is incidental and is only revealed in enough an extent as to keep you held to the screen until the next kill/confrontation scene . This is also why the Halloween remakes sucked.The original movies were n't held back by the pretentiousness of having to Tell It As A Story.I know you Hollywood guys see remakes as the new big thing and there 's no way to talk you out of it . But just remake the damn movies and leave the self-important mythologies at home.In the original , Nancy pieces it together that the injuries Freddy inflicts on her in her dreams carries over to real life . So we see an actual linear , logical deduction take place during the course of the film . In this recent version , there is no gradual realization of the horrific circumstances . Quite literally in one scene , out of the blue , the nerd guy just says , `` Stay awake ! If Freddy kills you in your dreams you 're dead for real ! '' We did not see him gradually learn how this could be true . How did he make such a logical leap from the few fragmented pieces of information we saw him discover?It was lazy writing . Or perhaps they tried so hard to be different from the original that the logic suffered.My only other gripe -LRB- as a fan of the original for all my life -RRB- is that they made the Nancy character a hollow , peripheral husk of the original . She was in a couple of scenes here and there at the beginning to establish her existence -LRB- as a moody emo kid no less -RRB- , but she was n't even the main character until halfway through the film . But then the film makers expect me to have an attachment for her as she gets caught up in the craziness of the last half . This is like anti-writing 101 . I can only have an emotional attachment to characters I 've been through good and bad times with , which for an average movie , requires she have more than two scenes before the halfway mark.Despite the ostentatious attitude , and the handling -LRB- mishandling ? -RRB- of the story and characters , the movie was n't / terrible / . If you 've never seen the original then it might serve as some good , mindless entertainment to pass the time on a boring evening . If you 're a fan of the original , it might serve as some amusement to see how they handled things in this version -- just do n't jump into it with your hopes too high like I did .
 Do n't waste any money on this movie . It is like a shell of its really scary original . Reminds me of a friend trying to tell me the plot of a movie but missing a lot and not understanding the original material.First problem . Freddy is not scary . How any man in a red and green sweater with a burned face and razor fingers and be so bland is beyond me ? Just not scary at all . Then the main character Nancy seems to have some socialization problems . She barely talks . Her character is so ill drawn , I still ca n't understand why should be be Freddy 's favorite or why she would be looked to by the others . Plus there is no explanation as to how she would figure anything complicated out about how to destroy Freddy . She is n't that bright . I love that in this version they go to the internet to figure things out . While in the original they went to a hospital specializing in sleep disorders and they explained how the character came to figure things via a lot of time and research . Here , it just happens . I guess she found reviews of the original movie.Much of the time that should have been spent on characterization is spent telling the story of Fred Kruger . Not worth it , it could have been taken care of with a few lines and the audience could have figured out the rest . I heard someplace they had planned on making Fred Kruger innocent in this version but took it out at the last moment . That would explain why so much of the movie is focused on Fred Kruger and then there is a quick change tacked on in the end.Next problem , in the original Freddy was smart enough to make sure all the deaths appeared to be suicide / murder or at least unexplained . Here people are knifing themselves in public , while asleep , in front of many witnesses . Dying via exploding chest in a locked prison cell . And no investigator is concerned ? No parent is concerned ? No one ? Really ? The list of `` Freddy 's '' kids in this movie is considerably longer and no one is the slightest bit concerned that all the kids are dead - when the movie starts?Then , the rules of the dream world keep changing . Freddy brings in one of the characters and tells him what the parents did . Huh ? Are dreams ways for Freddy to chat with the kids ? NO no they are n't for the rest of the movie and they were n't in the original . Why would Freddy care if the kids understood . NO no , he wants them dead . In the original it is Nancy who unravels the mystery on the outside of the dream world . Freddy does n't help her out . Geeeze ... lazy writing.The ending of the movie is just as bizarre as the original but lacks the power of that scary ending . We were led to believe there that Nancy held the power based on her will while , here , it seemed like an accident or pure luck that Freddy was defeated . So when the tables turn here is is like - whatever . The whole time leading to that twist you are waiting for it to happen because things ended so quick and lucky for this Nancy . But in the original you are sure that the heroine has won and so it is that much scarier and creepy when the twist comes about .
 Remakes of classic horror movies almost always fail completely . The remake of `` A Nightmare on Elm Street '' is no exception to that rule . Wooden acting -LRB- especially the dork who played Nancy 's boyfriend -RRB- and nightmare of a script make this one poorly executed movie . Many remakes attempt to be exactly like the original like the remake of `` Psycho '' and then there are others that mix creativity while stealing the basic storyline like the remake of `` Halloween '' . The remake of `` A Nightmare on Elm Street '' is more in line with the latter . However , like the poorly conceived remake of `` Halloween '' this remake also tries to explain too much about Freddy 's past . The movie leaves nothing to the imagination whatsoever . What is the point of trying to explain why Freddy is doing what he is doing to these kids ? The original `` A Nightmare on Elm Street '' made it clear to the viewer that Freddy was a terrible child murderer and he was just plain evil , but the remake tries to humanize Freddy , and it really dilutes the horror to a puddle of wet rubbish . My advice is to skip this garbage , and stick with the original classic . You wo n't miss a thing .
 I 'll keep this short so I can be half as lazy as the film makers who made this unoriginal snore fest . If you thought the Friday the 13th remake was bad , prepare yourself to sit through another horrible remake of a great movie . My main issue with this movie is the over the top use of CGI . CGI has its place in film , but when your using it in scenes that could have easily been filmed with some simple props , it looks ridiculous ! Case in point , there is a scene in the movie where Freddy takes an object to the eye causing a blood `` splurt '' , instead of putting any effort into this scene the film makers opted to use CGI . Whatever happened to the good old days of latex and corn syrup ? The effects -LRB- I use that term loosely -RRB- in this movie could have been done by some 15 year old kid sitting on the computer in his parent 's basement . I 'd tell you not to bother seeing this one but curiosity will get to you and you 'll watch it anyways . Do n't say I did n't warn you .
 I think it was a genius idea the directors had . Make a movie about a guy that kills people in their dreams ... but the twist is the story is so boring it makes you want to fall asleep the entire time your watching it!Brilliant!Ummm No , this movie is slow and boring . The original Nightmare movies I watched as a kid growing are fun to watch . You had a cast of characters that were annoying to begin with and 1 by 1 Freddy would pick them off in all these odd ways . It was fun trying to figure out what Freddy was going to do next . This pile of garbage just does n't have that charisma . I could barely keep my eyelids open . The actor who played Freddy ... I 'm not sure if he 's even seen the movies or not . If he did he needs to work on his `` Freddy Voice '' . He does n't seem to fit the part of the comical scissor gloved killer . I heard people complain about the make up for him . I thought it was fine not as bad as people ranted about it.Overall I 'm just disappointed that this movie was so boring . I do n't care if it 's a remake if he has good hack and slash action and the usual puns you 'd expect from Freddy I 'd be applauding this film ... with this one ... I did n't get diddly .
 It was over a quarter of a century ago that a certain Wes Craven , the Horror auteur behind such cult chillers as `` Last House on the Left '' and `` The Hills Have Eyes '' and like what was to become arguably his most celebrated and iconic shockers with the potential exception of the Scream franchise . `` A Nightmare on Elm Street '' hit cinema screens and chilled and thrilled an eighties generation of teenagers and most probably adults to the very core . And still to this very day although some what dated it has held up reasonably well . So why in all that 's holy would anyone make the grievous error of wishing to remake it ? That no doubt would have been the reaction of a horde of Elm Street devotees who could not dare envision anyone but the legendary Robert Englund as the twisted and sadistic Dream stalker , Freddy Kruger . One of the most iconic and dreaded personifications of pure evil to have been put to celluloid . Gladly may I note that Jackie Earle Haley , an actor probably now best known up till now for his portrayal of the morally dubious socio-path and anti-hero Rorschach in last years epic `` Watchmen '' makes a decent stab -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- at the role but lamentably is unable to save what is ultimately a crude and ultimately unnecessary remake . Remakes do at times carry something of a stigma and while it is easy to try and compare this re-imagining to it 's predecessor , even taken on it 's own it is a flick that pretty much leaves you wanting.The buck for the films short coming has to stop predominantly with screenwriters Wesley Strick and Eric Heisserer who try but fail miserably to impose any of the genuine build up of tension and the sense of foreboding that made the original so memorable . And rather than let the events in the movie gradually build to the first cinematic-ally sublime moment where the psychotic phantom strikes we 're presented with a shoddily crafted prologue in a diner which fronts as a lacklustre opening when compared to the originals boiler based opening which was preceded by the classic first shot where Kruger facially unseen crafts the deadly claw like glove , ensnaring it instantly within out very consciousness . A tool in this version that seems some what superficial within the context of this Fred Kruger 's back story . A paedophile rather than the brutal child murderer who tortured and mutilated his innocent victims in the boiler room where he worked . A seemingly amiable gardener who doted on the pupils who attended the nursery where he was partially employed . This supposedly revelatory moment of the film 's leaky plot only further undermines any credibility as we 're supposed to swallow that not maybe one or two of Kruger 's victims suppressed the memories of the vile acts he performed upon them when he lured them to the abandoned boiler room where he eventually meets his fiery demise , but all of his unwitting playthings have forgotten the sordid mistreatment they were subjected to . While one of the parents is moronic enough to leave clues to what befell teenage protagonists hidden so the they can proceed to piece the missing parts of their past together . A blatant , inane plot device utilised to further the uninspired narrative.State of the art special effects and exemplary , polished set design attempt to add a sheen to set pieces some of which are shoddy attempts to reinvent legendary moments from the original which include the notorious bedroom sequence which was the scenario where the malevolent fiend claimed his first victim in the franchise . A haphazardly orchestrated imitation it fails to strike the right note of shock and awe while it is preceded by a lead up sequence which equally fails on most counts . Sam Bayer , a director whose filmography consists vastly of music videos he has helm-ed for bands such as Iron Maiden and Green Day for instance lacks the requisite experience and clout to carry the burden of directing an entire picture , notably one which is a remake of such cult status . Which is evident given the predominantly uneven performances from the largely youthful cast of wannabe stars.Rooney Mara , an actress who up till now I have been unfamiliar with sleepwalks her through the majority of the picture as it 's titular heroine Nancy -LRB- who 's surname has been changed from Thompson to Holbrook -RRB- exhibiting little in the way of charisma or the spunk that made the 1984 Elm Street 's resiliant heroine one that you could really root for . Co-stars Kate Cassidy and Thomas Dekker -LRB- John Connor in TV 's short lived `` Terminator
 Platinum Dunes never let their scripts leave the marketing department ; they threw thousands of dollars for the trades to read , `` Watchmen actor and Nirvana director prepare for restlessness in Nightmare reboot '' , but never cared if either Jackie Earle Haley or Sam Bayer were right for the job . They were n't . Bayer ca n't seem to find a tripod or pacing and Haley 's decided to play every character with a Rorschach croak . But even if they 'd gotten different talent there 's no saving a movie with a script congealed in a scab writer 's gutter.So what is Freddy all about this time ? Our Twilight cast approach the audience , point to the burned scarecrow in the gay Christmas sweater and say as somberly as possible , `` He touched me . '' That 's it . No vibrant mindbenders or interesting kills or character arcs or knife hand building . Krueger was a sexual torturer , the kids he diddled turn eighteen and the chase continues.This hits the bottom of remake hell with a dull thud .
 Yeah . Where is Robert England when you need him ? Probably somewhere shaking his head at this . This Freddy remake did n't do it for me . It was n't totally awful but it was n't that great either . The acting was mediocre and forgettable and I really did n't connect with any of the characters the way I did in the old series . The new mask Freddy has looks terrible . It looks as if somebody chewed a bunch of Bazooka gum and just slapped it on the actor 's face . And the guy that played him sounded as if he had candy in his mouth during the whole film . That was a major distraction for me . To sum up , this is okay to watch if you are bored out of your mind and you simply ca n't find anything better to do . But I would n't waste too much gas traveling to the theater to catch this one . If you just have to see this please go see it at the matin&eacute;e price or better yet wait till it comes on HBO .
 WARNING
 Like most `` Nightmare '' fans out there , I grew up watching the original series . I knew this movie would n't be much like the originals , but I was n't expecting to be quite this disappointed . I 've always liked Jackie Haley 's other movies , and I can see why they cast him as Freddy -LRB- he 's played a nut case , he 's played an alleged child molester ... seems like a reasonable choice -RRB- . His performance was okay , but the plot 's focus on Krueger 's human life -LRB- as a disturbed gardener working at the local preschool -RRB- made this movie feel a little more like a drama about childhood sexual abuse than a fun slasher film for a Friday night . To be honest , the horror elements that were included were n't even all that scary.There 's very little here for old-school fans to enjoy . The opening scene has a little of the classic cheesy green and red lighting , the `` Freddy '' keyboard riff is in there once or twice , and those pale 6 year-olds still skip rope from time to time , but that 's about it . Haley 's performance simply lacks the humor , personality , and overall presence of Englund 's . There are none of the funny puns , and the writer 's did n't bother to come up with any of the inventive methods for off-ing the poor children of Elm Street that the old Freddy was so known for.The new Freddy speaks in moody monotone , makes a few uncomfortable references to acts of child molestation , and cuts people up . The end .
 Jackie Earle Haley actually did a pretty good job in this . Other than that this is a mediocre excuse for a remake that just tries to replicate some of the original scenes while leaving certain ones out -LRB- Johnny Depp being sucked into the bed and coming out in a blood geyser -RRB- . Meanwhile it turns Freddy into a pedophile instead of just a child-killer like the original . The blood and other special effects also do n't work as well as they did in the original . CGI blood usually does n't look good.While this is n't quite as bad as Freddy 's Dead it is pretty close making it the second worst of the series.Overall this was a pointless remake of the original horror classic that should have never been made . If you feel a need to watch it because you 're a Freddy fan rent this but definately do not buy this film .
 I 'll admit that Wes Craven 's ANOES was perhaps one of the most influential , if not innovative scripts of the eighties . In light of that , it 's almost impossible to believe that any sequels or needless remakes could ever recapture that charm in it 's entirety . Nevertheless , I 've seen virtually every sequel ever made & even had a razor glove as a kid which I bought from Toy R Us . Naturally , it would only make sense that I 'd manage to find a way of seeing the remake in opening night if not sometime before . I somehow would like to believe that watching the final product last nite was nothing more than just a really bad dream . That would be a fortunate thing.Sadly , I have n't really been thrilled with a Freddy Krueger movie in literally years . The sequels were , in most cases , barely anymore than a parody of the original which I absolutely loved as a kid . For some reason , Krueger simply was n't scary nor frightening anymore once we learned what he was & the general information about how he operates in the grand scheme of things . The whole sinister atmosphere in the first entry was definitely lost in the midst of every writer and director wanting to cash in on it 's success with the inevitable potboiler sequels . At best , the vast majority of the ANOES sequels range from mildly to moderately entertaining yet we watched them all numerous times as kids.So what 's the deal with the remake ? I ca n't help but feel the whole revision is nothing more than an attempt to garner this generation 's appeal as Hollywood assumes that no teenager in our their right mind could be so clever as to uncover the archives of horror 's golden years by visiting their local video stores . How presumptuous . This generation obviously has a lot more resources than mine did as the remake will show you . Teenagers now have cell phones & the Internet readily available so there is no earthly reason why they should n't be able to find access to the films I loved & grew up with . Hollywood evidently feels that kids today are too lazy , however , & would prefer a rehash or remix if you will of yesterday 's wonders . Maybe they are right as teenagers flocked to the remake on opening night in an almost imposing flux.Needless to say , ANOES will likely appeal to those teens who have thoroughly enjoyed much of the crap that has been thrown in our faces like bad food during a cafeteria food fight . Teens who adored The Grudge , The Ring , & Stay Awake will absolutely love this.Don ' t get me wrong . Jackie Earl Haley is a marvelous actor as he proved himself worthy of much admiration in Little Children & recently Watchmen . I , myself , thought he 'd make a splendid Krueger even if the film itself was nothing to write home about . I will give Haley the benefit of the doubt . I think he could 've pulled it off but I ca n't place the entire blame on him as the script really does n't give him much to work with at all . Had the make-up job & script been tweaked a bit more , there may have been some possibilities as Haley surely would 've been able to give the audience more of what they loved about Freddy from the get go.Having said that , there are scenes in the re-make that everyone will fondly recall . Of course , there 's the infamous bath scene where Nancy falls asleep & we get to see Krueger 's finger claws spontaneously rise through the bubble bath filled water . Kris is attacked in her sleep by Fred & is slung all around her bedroom while the ex-boyfriend watches in near shock before seeing her get cut four ways from Sunday . Lastly , there 's the murder in jail scene although Krueger makes this one look more like internal homicide rather than suicide . This is all fine & well I suppose but these scenes alone ca n't really give our film the solid foundation it desperately needs.ANOES does , in fact , borrow heavily from virtually every film in the long-running series . Hardcore fans like myself can easily spot dialog used in years gone by & even character names which appear in the first three entries . It 's almost fair to say we could accuse the writers here of copying & pasting material or just trying to grant the old school fans a greatest hits package although I do n't believe this was their intention . I am still sticking with my theory that the film is catering to the younger set who do n't know Freddy even though much of the good material used is , indeed , recycled material at best.This time around , we are unsure if Freddy was truly a filthy child molester for at least half of the film and we even question whether or not he ever murdered anyone before the parents of Elm Street took it upon themselves to roast him . In fact , there was very little concrete evidence of any crimes committed & Krueger never had to stand trial . This was a clever approach & I 'll give the writers a kudos for at least trying to bring something new to the table . Although most of us probably have never sympathized with Krueger , there is a brief moment where viewers almost feel tad sorry for him though that moment is quickly abolished when we witness his heinous acts through the film.My biggest complaint has to be the casting of Rooney Mara who will never be Nancy Thompson & I sincerely hope someone else will be granted the role next time around . Unlike Heather Langenkamp , this child ca n't seem to get her lines right & barely speaks above a whisper for the duration of the film . For 3/4 or more through the film , I kept wanting to scream at her in hopes she 'd actually speak as her mumbling was getting on my last nerve . She does belt out one or two screams near the end but I did n't even care by that time . Katie Cassidy , however , does an ok job as does Kellan Lutz but unfortunately both are killed off pretty early in the film.Sadly , I ca n't recommend this film . I would n't purchase it on DVD & it 's doubtful I 'll have the desire to rent it somewhere down the road . What a disappointment !
 Now , to be fair , I think it 's an OK movie on it 's own -LRB- if you never saw the original -RRB- . Of course there are some story/logic holes big enough to drive a truck through , but most horror films -LRB- especially sequels/remakes -RRB- have those.Jackie Earle Haley played a great Rorschach , but Freddy was the exact same character and it did n't suit the film . Robert Englund 's Freddy had an evil sense of humor . I actually liked him & wanted him to get his revenge because the kids were annoying anyway . In this movie Freddy was like my dad before his third morning cup of coffee and the kids were all 2-dimensional and boring . The new Freddy just seems to miss his victims too often for them being in a world he created & sets the rules for.If you 've never seen the first Freddy , you might enjoy this movie . Do yourself a favor , though ; after you watch this one , rent/borrow/buy the Englund version and you 'll instantly see why his was better . I 've watched this one & am ready to move on , but the original will be in my BR player quite often .
 i had low expectations , but this remake totally disappointed . go back and watch the original . its story structure is beautifully tight . the reveals are perfectly timed . this remake is unsmooth , humorless and just lacking that certain magic that the original nightmare possessed . boo to platinum dunes for trying to make a quick buck off an established character instead of taking chances on new ideas .
 The first Nightmare on Elm Street came out when I was nine , and it scared the hell out of me . Nothing like it had ever even came close to being done . So , to be fair to the 2010 version , I tried to keep in mind that because of my age at the time of the original , and Craven 's brilliant , then new concept , I 'd been impacted by an experience that could never be duplicated . This accepted , I slid this remake into my player imagining I was watching the idea unfold for the first time . I did n't want to compare , because it would n't be fair to the movie if I did . It was watched optimistically and with an open mind.I was disappointed.Ups : The special effects are grand . -LRB- There 's a scene where Nancy drops from the ceiling in a blooming bulge of blood that was worth re-watching . -RRB- The cinematography is moody and precise ; often beautiful , even.Haley plays Freddy well . The burn application used on him was exceptional . -LRB- Physically , the team nailed this massive upgrade . -RRB- And the kill scenes were pretty good.Downs : Freddy 's voice . Again , Haley did a great job , but they boomed ! his voice up too much . Dialogue between Freddy and Nancy just felt off to me . Technically , I have no idea how to explain what I 'm trying to reference here . He just sounded so ... boosted ? I realize he 's supposed to be other-worldly , nightmarish , but I think I 'd rather just listen to Haley project on his own . He 's certainly talented enough for it . -LRB- Now that I think about it , this is a similar feeling I get when listening to Christian Bale 's Batman growl-whisper . Awkward . -RRB- The expanded plot concerning the parents ' vigilante attack did n't really do it for me , either . It was n't BAD , like some people are screaming , just not that interesting . I ca n't call it an enhancement , by any means.In the end , I think it just bored me . Thank you for your time . - t -
 Wow ... . i have n't seen a movie this bad in a while . So bad i felt compelled to right a review on it ... . Do n't expect Robert Englund quality freddy . They got some no name actor . Freddy IS the nightmare on elm street series . Freddy in this film looks like a cross between a pizza and that lady that had her face ripped off by her neighbors pet chimpanzee . He also sounds like a retard . Do not buy , do not rent , DO NOT WATCH ! just try to remember the nightmare on elm street series in all of it 's past glory . This movie is horrible beyond belief .
 I 'm a loyal fan of the big 3 , Jason , Freddy , and Michael . I will buy this one but was upset that they did n't do a better job . My biggest upset was the over use of CGI . There is something more scary about liquid fake blood than CGI . I would have been much happier had they broke out the corn syrup and food dye . I liked that they tried to make Freddy look more like a burn victim but being too afraid to scare people they watered him down and is less scary again . They should have hid his face for 90 % of the movie and than hit us with it at the end . Back story did n't change but did n't add any new life to it either , I kind of expected to see the trial . The scariest addition to the film they did n't take advantage of . The line about having 5 more minutes to play before brain death .
 My family has watched the first two Madagascar movies over and over . They are filled with wonder , humor both subtle and slapstick , music both fun and majestic , rich characterization , great visuals , and deep emotion - just perfect for family movies . And on top of that they left a little space to breathe and relax between the exciting parts . Madagascar 3 is just frenetic , desperate to please and unable to . Melman , Gloria , and Marty did n't have much to do , and even the penguins are tiresome ; and the new characters are n't appealing . The film 's villain is exceptionally boring and ugly and awful - just a cartoon of a cartoon villain - every minute she 's on screen is just a mistake . One of the circus performers is famous for doing something impossible , and that 's the theme of the movie - but you get the sense that the people who made it just gave up on coherence entirely out of laziness or lack of ideas , and without any pretense that the characters are animals in a physical universe all the forced action ends up being colors zipping around on the screen . I ca n't wait to watch the second movie again and see the `` deja vu '' moment or Marty galloping with the herd , or the lemur scenes in the first movie -LRB- and on and on -RRB- and forget I ever saw this one .
 I bought this item because my kids saw the commercial and they wanted the rainbow afro wig . My youngest child was going to wear it for Halloween and I was going to make her a zebra costume . When the item arrived , I just knew this was n't going to end well . For starters , the wig was in the same size box as the DVD combo . I was hoping it would fit them , but was n't sure . After we opened the box , it became readily apparent that the wig was a joke . It is thin , poorly made and is not an afro , as much as it is a pale imitation of one . My child tried to wear it , but it only covers the top of her -LRB- 9 year old -RRB- head like a sad toupee . She finally did figure out that it fits her one doll , but the disappointment over the bonus wig is the reason we have n't even watched the movie , yet . I know the review is mainly about the wig , but , the wig is the reason I bought the movie . It says its for ages 3 and up , but I would bet that the wig would n't fit a child much older than 3 .
 Movie is probably great , but everytime we try to stream via Amazon , all we get is the spinning wheel , tell us to wait . We tried for about 30 minutes , but gave up after about 10 minutes of waiting for the stream to catch up . $ 5 down the drain .
 A pretty good movie for kids , I suggest for parents that want a good time with their children , watch this movie
 Nice story line and good plot , but too much `` adult humor '' for a kid 's movie and a very noticeable euphamism for the BS term from the tiger at the end . So noticeable it seemed just as though he used the actual term .
 Madagascars 1 and 2 were great movies with great visuals and a story that engages you from the get go.This one only has the visuals and no story whatsoever . Also it trys hard to make you laugh but fails hopelessly.I have seen this happening with other movies too were the first one or two episodes are great but they simply run out of ideas for the following chapters .
 I suppose you get what you pay for . It 's free so what do you expect ? A two minute featurette that you would typically find in the extras section of a DVD . Basically a waste of time .
 This is my second try with the bluray disc and it does not play . It just shows a brief screenshot of Marty and the Dreamworks boy on the moon and that is it . It is not my bluray player because other bluray discs are fine .
 $ $ $ $ 5 bucks for this it 's not even 5 minutes long ! My wife should have read the fine print . The movie was good but this bonus feature seemed like a scam . Not happy with how amazon put this up when it first came out . My wife mistakes it for the movie ... Who charges $ 4.99 for a 2 minute bonus feature ? To make it worse now it 's free !
 the wig that comes with this movie is the most worthless piece of c *** I have ever seen . The rows of curls are over an inch apart and when you put it on it looks like rows of short colored curls . The curls are only two inches long and it looks nothing like the wigs in the movie . I should have got the 3D movie and passed on the wig . I would recommend you do the same .
 Before I start , I 'm not trying to offend anybody who liked this movie or anyone at all . This is what was on my mind.I went to see this movie in the theaters and it was just a piece of garbage ! Did n't meet my expectations ! This movie stinks ! The antagonists were poorly developed , the relationship between Gia and Alex was something positive that can come out of it , but the movie was so horrible it could n't even stand out ! I hear some people talking about what a great movie this was and how funny it was , bit when I was in the theater , I was thinking , `` When is this going to be over ? '' I was just about ready to fall asleep , but I had to keep drinking my pop to stay awake during . Even Shrek the Third is better than this ! If you take my word for it , stick with the first two Madagascar films . Do n't waste your money on `` Madagascar III '' . Buy something else . If anyone at DreamWorks is reading this , I do n't mean to be rude , but wait until you have a decent storyline for a second sequel and pitch it to other audiences and see what they think of it before using it ! I 've been watching DreamWorks films for almost ten years and you did well on films like `` Antz '' , `` Shrek '' , `` Shark Tale '' , `` Madagascar '' , `` Kung Fu Panda '' , etc. . Just maybe try more serious themes . I expect more from you guys and this was a heck of a disappointment . So for that I 'm giving Mad . 3 a 1/5 . I will continue to support DreamWorks and see new fresh ideas from you guys , but I was really disappointed with this one.Pros
 Of all three Madagascar movies this one is by far the most boring and overdone.Sorry the producers had to think of such an outrageous story to bring the animals backto NY . And those Russian accents ... . oh boy ! just horrible overall !!!
 I thought this deal was cute . Wrong . The movie is fun but the wig stinks !!!! First the wig comes vacuumed packed in a box the same as the DVD.Second when you try to fluff it up it falls apart.So you are better off just getting the DVD !!
 I loved the first Madagascar and couldnt wait for the second - as is common with sequels , I was let down a little bit . I though given the reviews this one was as awesome as the first but sadly no . It just was not very good . A bit disappointing to say the least . I had a lot of issues with various things in the story line and it just felt rushed and didnt flow well .
 not sure if they ran out of script but this movie just goes into utter nonsense at the beginning of the second circus scene as well as the grand finale . The opening chase sequence in Monte Carlo is first rate , but it goes down hill until the london circus , where it falls off the cliff
 The Madacasca 3 is the most well drawn among the three , the graphics are full of details and colourful , lots of action , you can tell they have spent twice the expense in creating the graphic animation . However the story plot is not as entertaining as the other two . There are scenes that I find boring and can be skipped . I think the movie suits adult aduiences better than kids , but as an adult , I find it not entertaining enough .
 Not very funny ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . , . , ... ... . , , . , , ... . .
 this product was marked &#34; very good &#34; but plays very poorly ... it was a christmas gift for my sons , they kept asking why it was skipping .
 Saw this in the theater , and while perusing the DVDs here on amazon I noticed how highly rated this third Madagascar movie was to my surprise . I guess that just goes to show everybody is different and while I hated this movie others seem to have loved it.One of my family 's favorite movies out of all kids animated movies is Madagascar 2 , so funny , King Julian is so great , every line was hilarious . However 3 was a MAJOR disappointment from the beginning -LRB- again , for me -RRB- I do n't want to give away the whole movie but some of my issues were why he would leave his family , without explanation , and then what was with the crazy annoying creepy shape animal catcher lady who was not funny -LRB- but I 'm not much for violent slapstick so maybe that 's why -RRB- . The only thing I have positive to say about this movie is that the polka-dot song is/was catchy and fun and my kids cant stop singing it and once it starts it never ends ... So I guess that 's my two cents , but it looks like I 'm in the minority of those not liking this movie ... I liked it so little I am using my time to write this cuz I really did n't like it.Oh , maybe I should add we did not see this in 3D and maybe that 's what made all the difference , maybe the effects would have amazed and covered over a multitude of sins !?
 I had extremely high hopes for this movie . Unfortunately , I was disappointed . The first two were downright hilarious and I love them both . I had expected this to be just as funny , but I just found it to be more annoying . The movie started out great and there were a few laughs here and there . However , the antagonist seemed poorly thought out . If there would have been less human interaction , I probably would have liked it more . I completely understand that there has to be an antagonist somewhere in the plot , but I felt as though the woman from animal control was really overdone . She had an overly annoying personality and she felt a little forced . I 've been a Dreamworks fan for a long time , and I ca n't wait to see what they come out with next . I just hope that I find it more pleasing than Madagascar 3 . It definitely wo n't be making it into my collection .
 Against my better judgement , I rented this on Amazon Prime because of the reviews saying that `` this is the best of the three '' and complete lies like that . This movie , at best , had a few minutes of laughs surrounded by 2 hours of drudgery and inane plot lines , chase scenes and illogical villains . What is the point of this movie?I do n't know if it 's Ben Stiller 's flat performance or the bad writing but the Lion is the least interesting character in the movie . Even the genius Chris Rock could only pull a few laughs out of this thing . The problem with Chris is that he has such an over-sized personality and voice -LRB- in a good way -RRB- that when it is paired with such tired and cliche scenes , he appears to be desperate for the laughs . As for the other characters , well , I ca n't even remember who they are.If you did n't care for -LRB- or were only mildly amused by -RRB- the first 2 movies , you definitely do not want to waste your time and brain cells on this one .
 I was expecting a better movie . The plot was a little thin and the movie was boring . The movie is definitely geared to an adult audience .
 My son asked for this for Christmas . I so wish I would have researched the movie before buying it . Talk about &#34; far out . &#34; They must 've been totally out of ideas when they made this one . Ugh!Sorry it 's in my home , Louise
 The first film in the series was cute , and I loved the spin - off Penguins of Madagascar tv cartoon as much as my kids do . But this movie is torture . I hate fake accents , and these are the worst . Maybe kids think it 's funny but it sets my teeth on edge . There are movies that parents love to watch as much as kids , but this one is n't one of them . This is a movie to put in for the kids in the other room while you do the dinner dishes .
 We watched it with our 8 and 12 year old daughters and NONE of us cared for it . Total waste of time .
 not said on the package , only in the very small print on the coupon where the code for the digital copy is written . Bought this in most part for the digital copy as we can take it with us when travelling . Very much a disappointment on that front .
 These are not my favorite movies , but my granddaughters think they are hilarious . They sing the polka-dot afro song alot !
 screen quality with SD not HD is not money worth itI do n't recommend it with SD.there is no HD version available .
 I heard many people saying this was the best movie in the series . So I decided to rent it for a fun family night . I was extremely disappointed . The story is very poor . Even the penguins who were so funny in the first two movies do not have much of a role here . I do n't think we had a laugh before the movie was half done . Just a few `` clever '' hints mostly for adults that were still short of funny . It tends to get somewhat better towards the end but too little too late.I asked my daughter if she wanted to see the movie again the next day -LRB- since we had 24-hour rental -RRB- . She said `` no way ! '' . Do n't waste your time -LRB- and money -RRB- .
 Our kids -LRB- almost 6 and 7 -RRB- and us enjoyed the other 2 Madagascar movies , although I still think the first one was the best . Typically subsequent movies are n't as good and that was definitely the case with this one . We rented it from Redbox , but not too far into it our kids were complaining they did n't like it . We did however finish the movie but it never got bettter . It was too bright , too nonstop , and no real story . It was n't enjoyable to watch unless you just want nonstop super bright eye candy and nothing else . Unfortunately that 's what most kids seem to enjoy these days ... . We were hoping for more of a story or atleast something that made sense . We wondered what people must have been on when dreaming up this movie . It was really crazy . The bad lady character in the movie was insane and really hard to watch . She made the movie even worse . We were thoroughly disappointed in it . Only a few small laughs -LRB- that only the parents caught -RRB- throughout the entire movie .
 They should have never made this movie . What a waste of time . Not very funny . Not very good . Not very well written .
 This movie expired before I could watch it . I must not have been paying attention to the amount of time that had lapsed or it expired early .
 What can I say ? This movie is a dark , depressing movie . It 's not something I would take my kids to see . The female animal control officer is frightening and her exaggerated appearance revolted me . For some reason , she made me think of a dominatrix . She seems unstoppable and I think that is very frightening for children . The story is lame . This is absolutely nothing like the first one which was FUN AND CUTE . There is no wittiness that would appeal to adults and no humor for children , either . It 's dull , although there is plenty of violence . A character shoots tranquilizers at animals . Animals ' heads are mounted all over an office . A character tries to saw the head off of one of the animals . What the heck kind of kids movie is this ? It goes beyond the norm for violence in a movie for children . Knives are thrown at animals in the context of the circus.Based on the number of great reviews I 've seen on this movie , I have to say that public taste has taken a downward spiral . I love animated movies that can transcend the gap between young children and adults . I 've enjoyed so many of the Pixar pictures and many others . I could n't wait to get through this movie , I just could n't believe it was so bad and kept waiting for something actually funny to happen . Please do us a favor and end this francise .
 We put the 3d disc into our blue-ray player and it had a one inch blurry line running through it . Sent it back and the next disc had the same problem , sent it back and Amazon said they could not send a third due to the first two problems . Never got to see the film . FYI Did test blue-ray player and two other 3d movies worked just fine .
 Wow ! This movie was a let down . First two movies in this series were good , but this one ? Yuck . The sub-story of Julian and the bear was just ridiculously stupid . As long as you 're funny when your stupid , it 's fine . But do n't be stupid just to be stupid . The plot was boring , and there was maybe one funny line in the movie . All in all , not funny , pretty boring , bad villain , -LRB- did I mention that ? -RRB- equals bad movie . Period . -LRB- review written by my 12-yr old son -RRB-
 Anyone else having an issue with the Blue Ray not working ? The DVD works no problem , but I 've tried two different copies -LRB- returned our first -RRB- of the blue ray in our blue ray player and it gets stuck after the initial load screen . It is n't our player because I 've tried some other blue rays and they work fine.If it was n't for this issue I 'd rate this product 5 stars . The movie starts a little slow , but the middle and end are worth the wait.Update - Ok everyone having this issue I have figured out a way to fix it . I downloaded the lastest firmware for my blueray player -LRB- there was an update in July -RRB- . Created an update CD , updated , and low and behold now the blue ray works .
 Looks like they seriously struggled to make a any kind of different storyline so much like the previous movies it was like watching the first one again . Terrible
 The movie was okay . I loved penguins & that is only reason this movie gets two stars ! I just could n't stand the bear in the movie . I am not sure why they had to chose characterless , speechless , sad , ugly bear !
 They tried to be super funny with this movie but the story become to crazy . 1st and 2nd movie are better .
 did n't like this one as much as the previous films . Just did n't seem to capture our attention . Seemed a little disconnected .
 Madagascar -LRB- 1 -RRB- was novel and had enough clever humor to engage adults . -LRB- 2 -RRB- and -LRB- 3 -RRB- are silly retreads without enough to entertain adults or even older children .
 I liked the first Madagascar but dislike the subsequent movies and like this one the least of all . Maybe they should have stopped after the first one .
 This is so bad I could n't stand to watch the entire movie . Do not waste your time or money to watch this movie .
 We rented this movie from a library , boy am i glad i did not purchase this horrible movie . It was not funny at all and kids thought it was boring . This is one movie we never have to worry about watching again .
 One of the worst movies I have ever watched in my life . A complete waste of $ 4 . I ca n't believe it was rated so well , I should have known better than to trust the american public . Look who they placed in office .
 I absolutely hate dvds that force you to watch previews and ads . I PAID for this dvd and I have to watch commercials EVERY time I watch it . Not just other movies , but TV shows and stage events , as well .
 This film is so frantic and obnoxious that I ca n't believe that parents would be so desperate to buy it just to distract their kids for a while when there are so many other , and much better , animated films out there.This film is so poorly paced that any semblance of plot is lost , supporting characters are uninteresting , and dramatic important moments slip by without notice or consequence . Instead , what you get is a movie that 's padded with antics and BAD comedy the whole way through . This movie makes Shrek 2 look like Shakespeare by comparison.You probably think this review seems a bit cold and calculating for what is essentially a movie for kids ; but is it really so much to expect that a kid 's movie also be enjoyable to adults ? Pixar , and so many other animators , all achieve this frequently ... and even the first Madagascar film was n't bad . This movie is likely only going to be enjoyable for very young children . Adults will get tired of `` Duh duh dudududuh duh duh duh duh Afro circus Afro circus '' after the first time they hear it . Even my 7 year old cousin , who liked this film the first time he saw it , started making fun of it after seeing it a few times more ... and that 's not the sign of a good movie.Buy something both you and your kids can enjoy , and stop pretending you like this , adults . If you keep buying this , they 'll keep making it .
 I was misled by your ad ! I had never heard of Madac ----- before I read your review!Wow ! what a great disappointment!I have learned a lesson from this experience , &#34; Do n't believe the ads , check out further before you invest time , money and anticipation ! &#34; You Should specify in cases such as this , Animated Garbage!That 's my review!Jim McCullough -LSB-
 How many times did you say &#34; oh yeah , right ! &#34; even for an animated kids film ? They suddenly decide after all this time to swim to Monte Carlo ... . animals crash a Monte Carlo casino and get away with the money ... monkeys pose as humans and fool everyone ... really ? a bit too much even for me and I love kids films ! Way too many scenes that made me say &#34; OH COME ON ALREADY ! &#34;
 Madagascar 3 was a little boring for me . I almost felt sleeping while my daughter enjoyed it . Madagascar 2 was much better .
 It was not as good as previous one . Not a funny story at all . do n't waste your time with this movie !
 It lacked interest and was just boring ; I fell asleep . The character were just going through the motions without any real purpose .
 The movie was great , but the music and sound on the 3D DVD skiipped for the first 2 to 3 minutes ; very annoying .
 The acting was horrendous and the story did n't make much sense . Some of the parts had no relation to one another and seemed to be thrown in just to make the movie longer . Also , there were critical mistakes made like the relationship the boxer had with his side piece , mid movie there was an obvious change to the side jawn like the viewer would n't notice that it was clearly a different person . The story and the characters were underdeveloped .
 This has to be the worst movie i ever saw , poorly acted , horrible music , and poor plot and character development . !!! a giant snooze fest .
 From other reviews I thought it would be a good movie . They do n't tell you the movie has sex , language , trashy , slutty . If you are a christian , you want to know these things , so you do n't buy this trash and throw away your money.I 'm angry that reviewers do n't tell the truth about movies and do n't say that there is drugs , sex , sex scenes , foul language , some indecent scenes , too much violence . Then we can read their reviews and make a intelligent decision NOT TO BUY.REVIEWERS ... tell us the truth in your reviews so we can get a clear picture of whether the moview is decent enough to buy or not . If you are a christian , then tell us ... you will not like this movie . It has D , S , L V.
 I was really excited to finally get a full-featured DVD of this movie , but while the special features are really great , the transfer quality on the main movie is horrible . This is NOT a problem with my DVD player - I have tried it on three different ones with the same results , and read many similar accounts on this website . Buy Holy Grail or Life of Brian instead until Universal fixes this .
 I will be receiving my copy of the Special Edition DVD of The Meaning of Life , but I do wish I had read the reviews ... I have found multiple places on the internet complaining of the same problem , notably severe interlacing-type lines , which I have seen for myself with a friend 's copy . He returned his to the store . The defect is pretty bad , and is completely unacceptable by ANY standards . Universal has to recall these discs , as they are useless mini-frisbees at this point in time . Disc 2 is fine , it is the feature film disc that is the problem.Universal recalled discs from the Back to the Future boxed set because of mis-framing , so they should definitely recall this error . To see the problem , go to
 There are numerous problems with video transfer on this disc . The progressive scan seems to be off in every three out of five frames , causing weird blurring and shifting of scan lines . On some players -LRB- mine , for example -RRB- the disk is pretty much unwatchable . It looks like a badly deteriorated VHS tape . Wait til Universal studios offers a reissue with the transfer problems corrected .
 Eighty-five bucks ! For a jumped-up CD ? How about I offer you four ? Come on , haggle ! You 've got to haggle it 's traditional innit ? Still , I only want to buy the DVD , not the rights to the movie ! Has the WORLD GONE MAD ? FIFTY QUID to watch Mr. Creosote throw up again ? To listen to that song about SPERM again ? Some people may be completely bonkers about this stuff , but not for this much dosh ? Oh no . What 's so special about a 5 '' disk of plastique which makes it worth more than eight times a long thin piece of plastic tape -LRB- which I note can be had for under ten bucks -RRB- . Huh ? Think I 'm stupid ? : : : : : : All right , you 're on . Er , you can keep my name out of it ca n't you ?
 I have enjoyed the Monty Python flicks enormously in the past . My feeling is that `` Search for the Holy Grail '' and `` The life of Brian '' ranks head and shoulders above all other ` comedy ' films with a healthy dose of intelligent irony and satire . However - this effort sadly fails miserably in this regard . The scenes are weak and disjointed . The nudity in this film appears to me to be a cheap and tawdry attempt to enthrall the viewer but all it does is offend . -LRB- I am no prude-but this is awful ! -RRB- By all means-buy the `` Holy Grail '' and `` Life of Brian '' but stay away from this dog .
 Believe me , I did not want to dislike this movie , but ultimately I thought it was just awful . The Pythoners show none of the comedic dexterity on display in `` The Holy Grail '' or `` Life of Brian , '' and this movie put me sadly in mind of the worst `` SNL '' skits , when one lame joke is drawn agonizingly out over a 10 or 15 minute skit . `` The Meaning of Life '' is much edgier in subject matter than its predecessors , but so what ? Making something edgier does not inherently make it funnier.I have to believe the high rating this film received at Amazon is a tribute more to all of the love out there for Monty Python and not for this film in particular.A movie that may cause you to crack the barest of smiles once or twice , if it 's lucky.Grade
 I grew up watching `` Monty Python and the Holy Grail , '' so when I saw this VHS for sale at the low cost of $ 1 I thought I was in for a treat . Unfortunately it was awful . I know their reputation is built on pushing the limits and nothing is too sacred , but this was disgusting and stupid . I have to be honest in admitting there were a couple of funny parts -LRB- when the Yorkshire father says he will sell his children for scientific experiments -RRB- but it was not worth the $ 1 I paid for it and I want it out of my house before my kids find it !
 I gave this two stars , because the few and far between parts are OK . My favorite part was the `` Find the Fish '' segment . It was bizarre to the tenth power , and the two really awful parts are so well staged , that the work that went into them was commendable.If you can sit through Mr. Creosote in the restaurant , you can stomach ANYTHING . And I mean , ANYTHING ! This scene seems to have no purpose but to make the viewer sick.I have always loved Monty Python ; so many people do n't `` get '' them , I do , and that is why it pains me to call this film `` garbage . '' Even though I like horror films , I 've always had a problem with dismemberment , it 's something I really ca n't process , but when I watched `` Holy Grail , '' even the sword fight came across as humor , the Black Knight 's arm is on the ground , and he says `` I 've hurt worse , '' I get it . It 's gruesome , but I see the absurdity . Throwing somebody down and gutting them as they scream , blood flying everywhere , is good fodder for horror , not comedy , and the scene here , the `` transplant , '' simply is n't funny . It 's gory , heartless , and downright repulsive . Awful.Back to the restaurant ; I understand that Mr. Creosote is the figurehead for the consumer in society , and the staff at the restaurant is money-grubbing element that will tolerate anything for a buck . Sometimes , I wonder which is worse , the fat , gross glutton who keeps eating when his body is trying to stabilize itself , vomiting to the tune of about 90 gallons , until it just pops open , showering everything and everyone in the room with offal , body organs and half-digested food , or the restaurant itself , for feeding this oversized wretch , and abundantly at that , the entire menu , twice and then some , oblivious to the mess that 's accumulating ; they turn a blind eye to his projectile vomiting on the floor , in a bucket , on the employees , on the menu , on the table , and on himself , because he 's a good customer . I get the point , but it 's not funny at all . If anything , it would be a highly sophisticated murder , the restaurant finally being tired of this slob , and finally offing him with the weapon of the glutton 's choice . Reading too much into it ? Maybe . But this is VERY HARD to watch.On the other hand , I have an inside joke with a fellow Python fan , almost as a secret handshake , we go `` Ping ! '' and then laugh hysterically ; most people are clueless . You 'd have to see this film to get it.The good parts to this mess are genuinely good , it 's just the parts that are n't , are so glaringly bad , they make this film unwatchable.The very few good parts notwithstanding , this piece of garbage is better left unviewed . `` Can yyyoooouuu spot the fffffissshhh ? '' If you do decide to part with your hard-earned cash , this is the part that would change my mind . It 's too strange to be funny , but it 's a standout , just on its weirdness.I do n't have the DVD , having seen it on cable TV , and watching it on someone 's VHS , so I ca n't comment on the problem everybody has been complaining about with the quality of the disc . They should have corrected the problem before releasing it.An addendum
 This movie is 20 % comedy , 40 % gay , 10 % funny , and 30 % of a waste of your life . There is barley any comedy , or stuff thats even funny . The best part is watching a group of naked girls chase a stupid man for 10 seconds .
 How can people like this film ? It 's absolutely disgusting ! Instead of laughing I found myself getting grossed out . What 's the topic of this film ? SEX ! That 's all the whole film is about . It 's a shame really ! It could have been better ! But never the less it 's just a film about sex and death . If you want a good film , see Monty Python and the Holy Grail or And Now for Something Completely Different !
 I made the mistake of watching this movie with some friends a couple years ago . It was absolutely disgusting . It was full of nudity , cussing , violence , crude jokes , and much more ! It was just pointless . After watching the movie , you are left thinking , `` Why did I just watch this ? '' If you want to be grossed out , try this film . Let 's hope the real meaning of life is not reflected in this movie .
 Watch `` Saturday Night Live '' and `` Jerry Springer '' on tv ... It 's free.Orangutans may enjoy this.This is over the top silly , the screenplay is garbage.Get a life ...
 I went and saw another film as I was so disenchanted with this one . The opening had so little to do with the rest of the film I thought I was watching a preview to another film . I do n't care for spoofs about Catholics and protestants . The Pythons ca n't sing or dance -LRB- for those on this board who claim their talents are innumerable -RRB- . I say to the fans of Python
 As much as I love Monty Python and this movie - I can recommed this DVD . The picture and sound quality are really poor - just watch the opening shot of the stars to see what I mean . It seems like the DVD was mastered from a really used video tape . There are no subtitles , no second language and the ` extras ' are almost non-existent . I know the name of the production company is Handmade Films but I expect better than this from a DVD .
 If you purchased this disc , and it does not have `` V2 '' on disc one , contact Universal for a replacmeent , even if it plays fine on your current DVD player.Here is why - the problem is with progressive scan DVD players and progressive scan monitors . Very few people have both , so the problem will not rear its ugly head until you upgrade.The movie is completely unwatchable in this configuration.Do yourself a favor , and get disc one replaced now , before it is too late .
 I have just received the replacement disk # 1 for this title . My replacement disk is as defective as the original . The visual distortion appears on both of my DVD players . You should wait until this problem is resolved before wasting your money.This is a really good movie and it is a shame that it was released in this way .
 Let me start by stating that I am a Monty Python fan . As such , it is also my right , as well as my duty , to tender a less than glowing review for the Python gang 's last -- at least to date -- full length motion picture.MONTY PYTHON 'S THE MEANING OF LIFE missed the mark . The usual Python comic formula was abandoned in favor shock-value vignettes . No argument that in 1983 it was great to see the Python crew together again on the wide screen . Unfortunately they chose the wrong cinematic vehicle . This volume of Python antics relies too heavily on potty humor , foul language , token nudity , and too many gory scenes.Despite a generous budget and innumerable talents of the original Python gang , the movie wanders aimlessly for want of some sort of plot continuity . Even the Monty Python autobiographical work notes that THE MEANING OF LIFE had no real direction . Prior to the movie 's release , several test screenings confounded audiences . More importantly , the overall impression of the film is that none of the stars appears to be having any fun.Terry Jones once again took the helm as director . Jones is very talented , but in the early 1980s he was better at directing short comic segments than whole movies . The chemistry of Jones and Gilliam is noticeably absent from THE MEANING OF LIFE.American Terry Gilliam restricted his directorial skills to the short urban pirate feature preceding the main body of the film . Sadly , Gilliam 's exceedingly high quality segment , THE CRIMSON PERMANENT ASSURANCE , made the rest of the movie seem rather shoddy in comparison . Gilliam had several non-Python films -LRB- though many of his cohorts ended up as co-stars -RRB- to his credit . To that end , he opted to focus on the animated segments of the film . Even so , as acknowledged in the Python autobiography , he hired animators to complete the work.The Pythons reached their cinematic peak with MONTY PYTHON AND THE HOLY GRAIL . Their two later films paled in comparison . Not too many years ago , Terry Jones , who was deeply involved in a documentary about the Crusades , drafted a treatment for a sequel to HOLY GRAIL . Unfortunately , the project never got further than the discussion stage . On the other hand , a Broadway version of HOLY GRAIL , SPAMALOT , is currently receiving rave reviews and seats sold out well in advance.Despite its shortcomings , THE MEANING OF LIFE -LRB- SPECIAL EDITION -RRB- has a very attractive price . Even though I remembered my disappointment with the film when I first saw it at a Tucson shopping mall cinema , I was compelled to add the DVD to my Monty Python collection .
 I thought this film was n't as good as Holy Grail or Life of Brian . I think it was too sexual with too much swearing . The show was funny and so was Holy Grail without that content . It detracts from the experience .
 A word of warning to Monty Python neophytes - do NOT start with this movie ! Even though it has some quite amusing bits , MOL is a bitter , ugly , savage piece in comparison to Flying Circus and the earlier movies . Throughout most of their extraordinary career , the Pythoniotes managed to mercilessly satirize virtually everyone and everything around them , but to do so with a nudge and a wink , as if they revelled in the absurdity of life . Here , they seem sick of it all - a bunch of disappointed old men - and good-humored Brit intolerance is replaced by a dismal Scandinavian ferocity . -LRB- Imagine Strindberg trying to imitate Shaw and you 'll get the idea . -RRB- And unfortunately , that ferocity translates into some extremely heavy-handed humor like the Live Organ Transplant . Compare that to King Arthur hacking up the Black Knight in Holy Grail and you 'll see what I mean . Twice the gore and none of the sublime silliness.Nonetheless , for those already well-versed in Pythonalia , there are of course some good bits -LRB- but you knew that already -RRB-
 I wo n't even waste my time writing about i
 This movie was a waste of Monty Python 's time . I watched it for only one hour then stopped the tape , because I disliked it so much I knew I would n't be able to stand all of it . Monty Python is a fanstastic group of British comedians , and their movie `` The Holy Grail '' is one of the greatest movies ever made . However , this one is ROCK BOTTOM for them . Though it has one or two good scenes , that 's ALL it has . It may be worth renting , but it 's not worth your money to buy . This is a disgrace to them and I hope they never sink that low again .
 I have seen both The Holy Grail , and The Life of Brian and this one did not meet my expectations after seeing those . I laughed thrice , maybe . I almost skipped the entire second section , as younger persons were present and we were utterly disgusted with it . If you have a taste for sexual humor , you 'll most definitely enjoy this film more than I . The second disk is not even worth slipping into your player , and if , like me , you have a compatibilty issue with Disk 1 and you live in another country , it 's going to be a hassle to get a replacement.The fish were comical , and the entire segment on fighting was brilliant , but that was all of the humor I seemed to find up until a few minutes near the end . If you 've never watched Monty Python , I suggest you start with one of the other movies , as this one could turn you off of a truly great source of hilarity .
 Do NOT i repeat DO NOT purchase this sepcial edition dvd ... The feature film has major transfer problems ... Every time an actor moves in any signficant way all theses didgital lines and transfer problems appear rendering the film to be almost unviewable ... Read the other reviews . . It is not just one copy it is all !!! BEWARE wait until universal recalls them and corrects this if they even do . . I say e-mail them and complain ...
 Do not buy this DVD !! I bought the DVD on the first day and found that in every scene where there is movement , an obnoxious blur happens in the action along the edges of the actors , etc. . Although I am a huge Monty Python fan , I was incredibly disappointed . I hope that there is a recall . If not , I 'm going to return my copy because I consider unviewable ...
 Got my replacement . Still f 'd up ! Same problem . Just wanted to add my .02
 I just got my replacement disc today , and the damn thing is still horrible looking - on both my Progressive Scan JVC AND my XBOX . The same issues that plagues the original release . Truly pathetic . What is Universal willing to do about this now ?
 I bought the movie wends . and the video is blurry . My friends also bought the movie , and its blurry on these ALSO !!!
 This film is a series of shorts that are big budget as far as Monty Python standards go . The first sketch about a group of old accountants staging an office mutiny and turning their building into a pirate ship pretty much falls flat , but the remaining sketches are hilarious.Unfortunately , the quality of the print this was remastered from is in horrible shape . There are scratches and dirt throughout the film . Hopefully , they 'll do a restoration on this sometime soon .
 What i mean by the title of my review is yes this movie is going to be funny its Monty Python ! but there is also some parts where it just really gets out of hand in my mind . If you are new to Monty Python I would get the quest for the holy grail before this one . Also the Monty Python 's Flying Circus is great too . It comes in a 16 DVD set so it will give you a lot of their old stuff . I really did not enjoy certain parts . But there is a few good moments .
 Hello , I too have had the picure problems on Disc 1 . It seems to be a digital transfer issue . I have emailed Universalstudios.com to complain and recommed all others that have this problem do so as well .
 The movie and the features are great , but the transfer on my copy is also horrible . Do not buy this . I thought at first that there was something wrong with my DVD player , but it was definitely the movie . Sadly , the problems last throughout the entire movie . Huge disappointment .
 One of the weaker offerings from Monty Python . Not really worth watching , Monty Python and the Holy Grail is far better .
 The rating given reflects the new special edition DVD , not the film . Disc number 1 , which contains the movie , is corrupt and the image is blurry . This makes most of the movie unwatchable and makes the viewer dizzy . I 've owned the VHS version for over 10 years , and the video quality on it is still much better than this new DVD edition . The surviving members of Monty Python and their fans deserve better than this . Universal Home Video owes their customers an apology , and Amazon.com should stop selling this product until a recall is issued so the discs can be replaced .
 Something has gone seriously wrong with the encoding of the film . The image suffers from some sort of interlacing effect . Whenever sharp , vertical edges move on screen , the edges fan out into horizontal lines that seem to pulsate . This effect renders the film unwatchable during virtually all tracking and panning shots . The special features disk seems to be unaffected by this problem . The `` making of '' featurette has scenes from the film that appear to be from the new transfer , and they do not suffer from this effect . For instance , the cut from the `` every sperm is sacred '' number when the men open the doors of the lavatories is crisp and clean at the beginning of the `` making of '' featurette . But in the film , the movement of the men suffers greatly from the interlacing effect . The net effect of this problem is a total disaster . Universal had better recall the first disk and issue replacement copies ASAP.As for the special features , the `` making of '' featurette was good , containing a mix of archival and contemporary interviews from the Pythons . The gag features that litter the disk did not seem that funny to me , and I am a longtime MPFC fan . The deleted scenes are a nice addition to the dvd . I am glad to see them , though in the end , I think it best that they were deleted from the final cut of the film . Terry Jones talks over some of the dialogue in a commentary on the scenes that serves as the only audio option for these items . I 'm glad to have the commentary , but I wish I could turn it off.Given how nice of a job the Pythons did with the Holy Grail dvd , this one is a bit of a disappointment , featurewise , and a disaster given the encoding problems that render the film unwatchable . I sure hope that the encoding problems get fixed . I waited quite a while for this set to be released . I do not look forward to returning it and waiting for a replacement version .
 The DVD seems to have a big problem with interlacing.Even when played on a 1080p blue ray up-convertion player on a HD-TV , the picture is terrible.None the 20 + others DVD I own have this problem .
 CALLING ALL MONTY PYTHON FANS ... Monty Python are comic gods . I have seen all their episodes and each movie as well . And let me tell YOU ... What a comedown for the group ! This movie is an utter disaster . I saw this for the first time with a bunch of fans , and we were all disappointed . It just would n't end ! We thought it was so bad that it 's now a joke for us . First of all , there is very little funny material . Here I outline the film 's few highlights - the machine that goes * bing ! * , `` Where 's the fish ? '' , the organ donor , and possibly the angel of death scene . The rest is n't that amusing , and some scenes are utter drivel - ESPECIALLY the fat man exploding -LRB- revolting -RRB- and the `` every sperm is sacred '' song -LRB- We ALL thought it was childish , including the guys -RRB- . I 've read the reviews here and I do n't mean to offend the zealous fans of this movie -LRB- and of what we thought were the worst parts -RRB- . However , I have to warn people that if they 're looking for great Monty Python , they 'll be sadly disappointed .
 I 'm not even going to go into the whole how I do n't like Monty Python schtick . Just not my poison . I bought this as a gift for my husband for Christmas and the encode on this DVD is SO horrible the only reason it 's not going back is because he threw away the original wrapping . Every motion in this DVD is plagued with lines that surround the object like an aura as it 's moving . It 's pathetic they would release a `` special edition '' with such crappy quality encoding . I do n't even know if he 's going to watch it all the way through b/c the lines are so bad . So for us ... waste of money . -LRB- I could 've told you that regardless of the lines ! LOL ! Sorry men ... could n't resist ! -RRB-
 After being convulsed in hysterics while viewing The Holy Grail and The Life of Brian , I had great expectations for this film . Unfortunately , it rather let me down . While the production values and musical numbers are well-done , only about one fiftieth of the film even made me chuckle ; the whole thing was just blah . The only scene that really made me laugh was when John Cleese was teaching a sexual education class and gave his students a very realistic lesson ... other viewers know what I mean.I did n't hate it , but this is definitely their worst effort and a very bad starting point if you 're looking to get into Monty Python .
 I am a huge Monty Python fan , and believe that Holy Grail and Life of Brian are examples of true comic genius . Meaning of Life , however , is hardly funny . The long `` corporate raiders '' sequence in the beginning has great comic potential , but drags on far too long to be funny . Most of the jokes do have potential , and you know that the gags should be entertaining , but they did n't spark much amusement in me . It does n't have the wonderful zany spontaneity of their other movies . I would not reccommend this movie to Monty Python fans , because it 's quite disappointing .
 Just a warning , do NOT buy this DVD unless the box it comes in bears the label
 First , THANK GOD for online reviews ! I was all set to buy this film for the second time on DVD -LRB- I have the earlier Image edition -RRB- but will now wait until the Disk 1 problem is corrected . You 'd think somebody at Universal would have popped this into a DVD player before pressing a gazillion fawlty copies . Well , you 'd THINK that , anyway.The good news for owners of the old , out-of-print Image edition is that they apparently have a superior DVD version of the film . Not only that , but its value , which plummeted upon the announcement of this new edition , is certain to rise again -LRB- until Universal gets its act together -RRB- . As for the film , I 'd give it 4 stars . Certainly not as good as Holy Grail and Life of Brian , but LIGHT YEARS ahead of what tries to pass itself off as comedy these days.I 'm sure it 'll make a great Christmas present to myself ... that is , if a corrected pressing is issued .
 Just a word of advice ... a lot of people are reporting problems with Universal 's new Monty Python 's Meaning of Life DVD . Disc Two of the set is fine , but the movie disc is plagued by strange picture artifacts - blurring of movement , etc. . It could very well be an encoding problem with the disc itself .
 If I had known there was such a problem with this transfer , I would 've waited until Universal got their sh*t together and fixed the problem . But I was so eager to buy the `` Special Edition '' that I did n't even think to check the reviews . After all , when 's the last time you bought a `` Special Edition '' DVD that was virtually unwatchable ?! I loved this movie when it came out in theaters in 1983 -LRB- my first Python movie -RRB- , but I 've never seen a transfer this bad . Obviously no one at Universal reviewed the movie on DVD before the disks were unleashed on an unsuspecting public . I ca n't believe Python fans have n't stormed Universal Studios and demanded action!Just read the other reviews -- I have nothing more to add really . Jagged horizontal lines afflict any horizontal motion on the screen . I wanted my girlfriend to see it for the first time , and it pretty much ruined her experience . We managed to watch through to the end , but it 's like seeing your favorite band in concert with constant feedback from the speakers -- a mixture of pleasure and pain.I think a class-action lawsuit against Universal for selling a seriously inferior product with glaring technical flaws is in order .
 I love this movie - I used to own it on VHS , and got very excited upon finding it on DVD . Not as exciting watching the main feature with my epileptic girlfriend , though . She had to walk out of the room . ALL THROUGHOUT THE FILM the picture is distorted - full of flashy stripes as soon as any object moves on screen , or as soon as the camera moves or zoomes -LRB- phenomenons that occur during approximately 98 % of the film . -RRB- It 's a real good movie , a classic comedy full of satire and lovely disgust , but the disgust of the quality of the picture is not very lovely . Hugely disappointing work by Universal . Must have been amateur hour at the studio that day.Disc # 2 is fine , though . Full of extra features , but it does n't matter much when you ca n't watch the main feature :-LRB- -LRB- ironically enough , one of the extras include a fake inside look at how the film was restored before digital transer
 This is the worst movie put out by Monty Python . Not really all that funny at all . If you want some Monty Python choice one of their other films .
 Was excited to get the DVD , but really angry when I saw that Disc 1 is defective ! It 's ridiculous to think for a second that Universal would institute a recall effort for a DVD that has problems with `` a small minority '' of DVD players . I tried it on 4 different players , all different brands , and the problem was evident in all of them . My guess is that this is the line Universal is using so they only have to replace a small number of DVD 's - just for us squeaky wheels.As for the DVD features , they 're OK but not outstandingly funny . Worth owning once Universal finally puts a non-defective version out . I would wait to buy until then .
 Something went wrong with the print on these dvds , apparently , because everytime someone or something moves , they distort . I 've discovered that the Zoom x2 function alleviates this , but if you 're watching widescreen it chops it down to approximately fullscreen ratio . So I 'm waiting for there to be a recall or something , because I know that if I return this I 'll just get another bad copy . It 's probably present in the first 100,000 or however many they make in the first batch .
 The opinions on the production of this movie have varied between the Python team . John Cleese felt that the movie was a nightmare to make , whereas Terry Jones thought it was the best thing they have ever made to date . I have to agree with John Cleese on this . I thought this was probably the worst movie they have made as a team . It is also sadly their last . It spends too much time being vulgar and resorting to sexual humour and lacks the usual Python wit of their previous films . Although , there have been sexual innuendo 's in their past movies , it is over done in this one . There are a few good scenes in the movie , I thought the WWI scene with the soldiers paying respect to their commanding officer by giving him various elaborate gifts while their being killed one at a time was very funny , as was the Liver Doner and Find the Fish . But the jokes are so far and in between the movie does not work as a whole and I left feeling very unsatisfied afterwards .
 I concur with all of the reviews below . There are major flaws with the mastering of this DVD . Any significant motion on the screen results in lines and bluriness on the moving object . This DVD is nearly unwatchable . I ca n't believe it was released in this state , and it should be recalled . I recommend staying away from this issue at all costs until this is fixed .
 First off , I LOVE this movie . It 's one of my all time favorites and I could n't wait for its release . However , I have never seen such a bad transfer onto a DVD . It takes away from the movie itself and makes it unwatchable . TV and VHS showings of this put the dvd to shame . I could n't bring myself to finish watching it . I took it back to the store -LRB- blockbuster -RRB- and they were kind enough to let me look at their remaining 2 copies in store . They were both messed up as well . I guess anyone wanting a real copy of this will have to stick to VHS copies for now .
 -LSB- 9/4/03 -RSB- Quality of the Python production aside , this Special Edition suffers from major video encoding problems and the decision to shackle DVD-ROM material with platform/OS dependency.The video on the main movie disc seems to have been encoded improperly which causes , for many progressive scan capable DVD players , jagged and annoying lines whenever there is a any significant movement in the film -LRB- Imagine ! `` Moving Pictures ... '' -RRB- . This is a major mastering issue and Universal Studios should -LRB- if they care about quality -RRB- issue a recall of this lot of DVD 's . -LSB- Addendum 9/9/03
 this one sucks . We could n't even get through it . We are huge fans of the Holy Grail and The Life of Brian . This one does n't even come close .
 Most tacky movie I have seen in a long time . There is one good line and the rest is pretty sad .
 After classics like `` Life of Brian '' and `` The Holy Grail '' this is just disappointing . The famous humour has become stale . The Pythons try to be funny by showing exaggerated violence -LRB- live organ transplant -RRB- and simply disgusting sketches -LRB- the fat man in the restaurant -RRB- . All of these elements have been done before in Flying Circus , but there they were much better . This movie does have some good sketches , though . I really like the `` Every sperm is sacred '' song . I 'd rather recommend watching `` Monty Python live at the Hollywood Bowl '' . That is much better than `` The Meaning of Life '' .
 Sorry , but this was mostly crass , low level humor . It is not my style at all . Humor should be uplifting and energizing , not foul and appeal to lewd tastes .
 I love -LRB- and own -RRB- every single Monty Python episode , and love every one of their movies except ... this one . The surreal opening number by Terry Gilliam is absolutely brilliant , and the first couple of skits are funny , and then it just gets lame , dull , and generally unfunny . They may have had in mind that they were going to push the boundaries of comedy with this movie , but the results are reminiscent of their occasional dud TV episodes , where the viewer sits waiting in vain for something actually funny to happen . If you 've never seen Monty Python , DO N'T START HERE !! Get Life of Brian or The Holy Grail to see their real brilliance .
 They obviously ran out of ideas by the time this flick was made . The only funny sketch was the Mr.Creosote one . The rest , especially the one about birth control , were so tedious as to almost make me walk out of theater . Oh , by the way , I 'm a huge Monty Python fan . Loved their tv series . I 've been watching a different segment every day for the last three months . And The Holy Grail was one of the funniest films ever made . But this film is one of the unfunniest flicks ever made . Skip it .
 The two stars I rated this DVD was for only one reason . I ordered this movie think it was going to be in a regular case . I ended up getting this really cool 100th Anniversary case.The reason I order this movie was because I thought it was going to be funny . I thought I saw it before back in my young years . But I guess it was just commercials that I saw and enjoyed . This movie sucks . I did n't enjoy one scene !!!! I usually do n't regret buying a movie that ended up sucking . Because I was able to add it to my DVD collection . This is the only movie so far that I regret buying .
 This DVD set has a lot of problems . It wo n't work on one of my DVD players and works sparodically on the other . Constantly locks up and freezes and its unwatchable . Absolute garbage . I am goign to see about returning it .
 the season 2 i got from you only had one of the six discs . its a six disc season so why wouldnt i get all six.i got riped off and am not very happy . ill think twice before ordering another season from you .
 If you can get past the irritaing dialogue and silly romance between two of the shows minor characters it 's ok ... thats hard to do because the writers seemed more drawn to the very irritating interpersonal relationships of the secondary characters during season two . I liked season one but was very disappointed in season 2 .
 Some of the disc in this package will not play at all . Others play but the picture is not clear . I tried cleaning the disc but this did not help . I also tried other disc in my player to assure that it was not my player and they played fine .
 We quit watching half way through the boxed set due to boredom , irritatingly inconsistent story lines , lame character interactions , and never-ending rabbits pulled out of hats . Big , big disappointment after the good potential of season 1 . The only high point , and it was a very high point , was the terrific Stephen Frye as Booth 's FBI psychiatrist .
 Emily Deschanel is good to look at . That 's about the only possitive thing I can say about this show .
 While I enjoy the show , it is not a complete season as it states on the cover . It only has 21 of the 22 episodes . While I understand why the episode was not shown on network TV , there was no reason what so ever to leave it out of a `` complete '' set . I have no doubt that Fox will some day release a new `` complete '' set with all 22 episodes simply to make more money . For now , I feel like Fox has ripped me off .
 While I absolutely LOVED Bones season 1 , which motivated purchasing season 2 , this season -LRB- 2 -RRB- was TRULY DISAPPOINTING ! Season 2 was so touchy feely , lovey dovey with Bones/Sully , Booth , Jack and Angela , that I thought series had developed into a `` chick '' series like sex in the city or friends . Everyone in series had a `` relationship '' except Zac , -LRB- who it appears may have other things developing for season 3 but not enough to keep you tuned in -RRB- . The interaction , humor , fun development of the various characters in season 1 became second seat to the `` relationships '' . Also the plots and `` villians '' became too transparent too soon in almost every episode.As a final note , I thought the foolishness of the last episode -LRB- Jack and Angela `` running '' off AND especially Angela 's Dad from ZZ Top , having to leave for a GIG was totally stupid-like what dad is going to walk his child down the isle and not stay another 30 minutes for the cerimony ? Its not like rock stars arent alway on time at concerts and frankly havent heard or seen ZZ Top listed in concert in years !!! they havent even become like a Foriegnor or Journey , ie , will play county fairs ! -RRB- Anyway , foolish , silly , and ridiculous season ender.A real disappointment for what was a GREAT series . Hope that they get rid of some of the touchy feelie female writers for next year .
 I ordered this item around the 1st of November and the money was taken out of my checking account . I have been waiting and waiting for it to arrive . On December 8th I got a notification from Amazon that they were crediting my account and this item was not coming . No explanation on why this seller held on to my money since the first of November or why this item was suddenly not coming . Had I known - I could have gotten it on the day after Thanksgiving at a lower price but since I had already ordered it I was just waiting for it to come.This was a bad experience . I had to give one star just to be able to write a review .
 I never received my order . I am in the process of trying to get a refund or , if at some point they would like to send my order , which was Bones , The second season , that would be great too . I emailed KIDSINAMERICA , the company my order is from , twice and they never responded . Thank you .
 I ordered Bones season two on 9/11 but have not received it yet . Today is 10/1 . Any answers would be appreciated .
 Nice box very Six feet under.What 's her name needs to stop playing a social idiot . It 's not becoming !
 I did not purchase this item so I ca n't rate it . I ca n't rate it . I did not purchase it .
 `` Give it a name '' ... Seems that 's ALL they gave it . The title is great ! Now , let 's see ... Um , it looks pretty . If it were a painting it would be okay to hang in your den . It sounds good . If it were a song it could make the top ten for a week , maybe . As a movie , it 's complete hackneyed trash . If you like action , comedy , character , style , dialogue or plot , do not see this movie . Ya know how you 're supposed to care about what happens to a character when you sit down to watch a movie ? Good luck here . These guys are not good guys with a bad attitude , not bad guys who have a reason for being bad . They are boring losers who think they are cool because they speak in slang and have a secret handshake . I 'm convinced that the people who like this movie have been tricked into thinking that this movie is part of the new cool . They want to compare it to ` The Usual Suspects ' . Excuse me , but that movie had a thing called plot . They want to compare it to Tarantino . His flicks are not cool because of style , obscenity or violence . They are cool because they give us characters who we care about -- even though they are all shmucks . They are us in every way . -LRB- ... -RRB- . I 'd rather have those 20 minutes than have to sit through this waste of time again .
 That is the only good line in this entire movie , in part because it describes the relationship between the movie and you , the gentle viewer . You would think this film might be good , just due to the eclectic list of actors -LRB- Jack Warden ! Christopher Walken ! Treat Williams ! That guy from `` Hudsucker Proxy '' ! -RRB- . But you would be so , so wrong . `` Things to Do in Denver When You 're Dead '' badly wants to be `` Reservoir Dogs '' or `` Pulp Fiction . '' Indeed , you can compare this movie to `` Reservoir Dogs '' on a macro level , like the screenwriter obviously did . Getting some criminals together at some dive restaurant and assembling a gang for a job ? Check . Job goes wrong in the middle of the movie ? Check . Crazy guy on the crew ? Check . The team has to deal with the consequences of their failure ? Check . Hey , all that the writer forgot to check off on his list was interesting dialogue , plot , and some sense of style . The screenplay lies there like some dude that got whacked , and completely wastes the talent of the cast . The dialogue and pacing are atrocious , but who needs pacing when you never get anywhere plotwise?For a movie that references the city of Denver in the title , this movie has less of a sense of place than a TV sitcom . You never get the feeling you 're in Denver , or anywhere in particular for that matter . Even the expensive yet pointless crane shot in the very first scene -LRB- a warning sign from frame 1 of this garbage -RRB- does n't provide any kind of `` Denverness '' to this movie.This is by far the worst of the Tarantino clones of the 90s . Truly awful in every way , it is a film to be avoided at all costs . If you 're in the video store on Friday night and this is all that 's left , it 's a sign that you should turn off the TV that night and go to the pub instead .
 all stylish and aimed-to-please , until you realize that you are being had . So much style and so little substance . The only thing going for this flick is the fact that somehow the director/writer has each of these 10 characters legitimately vying for the honor of biggest d-bag to ever grace the screen . That takes some kind of talent at least . If any of these jerks hung out with a mutual friend , you would avoid your friend like the plague . And what 's up with these catch phrases ? They 're obviously meant to be cool , but it would be cooler listening to a group of nerds talk amongst themselves at a pocket protector seminar . `` Give it a name ? '' I can think of quite a few names to give it . And let 's talk about the plot . Why 's a well-off entrepreneur ex-mobster tough guy need to assemble a ` crew ' to threaten a stoner ? Ca n't a mob boss find someone a little more competent ? My god , it 's so asinine it 's cracking me up right now.If you have any taste , do not believe the close-to-5-star rating . This movie is comparable to thinking you lucked out getting a date with the coolest , hottest person in school only to find out later that evening that they do n't wipe properly . It 's not what it seems .
 Save for the outstanding performance by Christopher Walken , this movie is bad in every way . The storyline has so many unneccessary diversions in it 's a mess . Characters are often silly and stereotypical . Their relationships are underdeveloped and left me confused . Like someone said before , it really tries to be hip with its catchphrases but they did n't work . And oh yeah , why the hell would someone base a gangster movie in Denver of all places ?
 I was told , by the same person who told me Killing Zoe was a good film , that this was a good film . But it was n't . I felt I had wasted time by watching it because it seemed to be a copy of other films I had already seen only with different people in it . Okay , Andy Garcia was all right . He usually is . But the other actors were less than perfect , although I always enjoy seeing Christopher Lloyd -LRB- of tv 's Taxi and the unforgettable Back to the Future films -RRB- . The premise is basically that Garcia is `` hired '' by gangster Christopher Walken to scare a man who has run off with his strange son 's girlfriend . Something like that . I am not even sure I understood who the girl was because the son was so bizarre I can not imagine that someone would want to be with him . The operation goes sour , people end up dead , and Walken is going to make sure that all the people involved in the operation are dead . Most of them get killed by a professional killer , played well by Steve Buscemi . The film mostly then follows what Garcia does for the rest of the picture . There is a weak and almost annoying love story between Garcia and a woman he met in a club -LRB- played by Gabrielle Anwar -RRB- . It does not seem like `` real '' love , whatever the case ... just seems like something they had to throw into the picture to make it long enough . I did not like this film and think that the premise has been carried out better elsewhere .
 Did n't they know better than to work with that psycho ? Did n't they suspect that something was going to go wrong ? And the kid was stupid to keep opening up his mouth ! I found it excrutiating , waiting for the `` buckwheats . '' I would n't look at this movie again .
 Andy Garcia -LRB- Twisted , The Unsaid -RRB- who has a few good moments in this movie , plays Jimmy The Saint who is assigned by a parapalegic Christopher Walken -LRB- Wedding Crashers , Envy -RRB- who 's already played this character before only this time he has no feelings in his legs , you see and Walken , he tells Garcia to do a job and so Garcia assembles his crew of 4 , William Forsythe -LRB- The Devil 's Rejects , The Rock -RRB- , Bill Nunn -LRB- Spider-man movies -RRB- , Christopher Llyod -LRB- Back to the Future trilogy -RRB- and a crazy as hell Treat Williams -LRB- Deep Rising -RRB- but the problem is , of course , the job goes terribly wrong so Walken tells Garcia him and his boys have so many hours before his hitman , played by Steve Buscemi -LRB- Armageddon , Reservoir Dogs -RRB- , who has the coolest name for a hitman , Mr. Shhh , comes and kills them all . Garcia then goes crazy , he also has falling in love with sexy Gabrielle Anwar -LRB- The Grave -RRB- and he doesnt want her in jepoardy and he also is trying to help out this girl who works the streets and so on and so for . Really empty drama thriller with an all star cast and the cast are the following
 It was hard for us to understand the dialogue and to relate to the characters . We had the sense that the director was trying too hard to produce something original .
 I rented this because I love Benedict Cumberbatch and I 'm trying to find and watch the work he did before &#34; Sherlock &#34; . This film is British -LRB- I am American -RRB- , and the actors mumble and josh around with each other and make comments under their breath , so without subtitles , I was semi-lost . And since it 's a dialogue-driven film , not being able to understand them seriously hindered my enjoyment , of course . I will say that Benedict is * gorgeous * in this movie -- he plays a young man tragically dying of cancer , and he 's convincing in his portrayal of the physical problems his character deals with -- fatigue , debility , severe pain , dependence on pain meds , as well as the expected emotional problems of fear , despair and ruthlessly facing his own demise .
 But the show is just so predictable and the characters rather boring . I really wanted to like it if for nothing other than the amazing location , but I just could n't .
 Like most other reviews here I loved the premiere , but every episode since has just gotten worse.This last episode `` Another Fine Navy Day '' was the worst yet . Seemed to me it was more like a stalling tactic - that the writers did n't know where to take the show - so they just drugged everyone and we have to sit through 45 minutes of stupid hallucinations that simply annoyed me . I found myself fast forewarding through parts I was so disappointed.The writers had better get on the ball with the next episode or risk losing more and more viewers .
 I think the series is decent and worth a watch . Some of the acting is quite good and the story line keeps you interested . I have purchased three from Amazon , but the feed for each was interrupted 4-5 times each and it took some time to resume where I had left off .
 Uh ... the `` stuff '' is not moving along very fast ... . I am getting a little bored at all these stalling tactics , get on with it .
 First off , Awesome show . Loved it from the very beginning . Ever heard of a show called Jericho ? another awesome show . What do they both have in common ? They are both owned by ABC , and they have both been cancelled before the 2nd season . This is a very big problem with ABC , and it is also one which makes me wish Amazon would n't even carry their shows since there 's nothing like owning a show that is getting cancelled before it even gets started , Overall , this is a 5 star show , but considering they are just going to throw together a lame duck ending at the end of season 1 if we 're lucky , it gets 1 star and this is the last ABC show I will be purchasing . Period .
 WTH Writers ? Are you trying to tank the series ? This was actually a shocker series for me , episode one was a hit , the episodes after are typical but all still pretty good . And then ... `` Another Fine Navy Day '' . In this episode we take action drama , adrenaline , guy show and cuddle it a little , make some very feminine slow , shocking day time soap opera drama . Maybe to attract more women ? I am not sure , whatever it is , if you follow this with the same kind of trash , you will likely tank this series very quickly . It 's as if the writers took a break and the overly effeminate romance novel day dreaming secretary got to change the pace and twists in the show . Sure it was going in the same direction , it is n't the story exactly that has changed , it is how it is being delivered . This episode was so bad . You were doing so well , do n't do this again , or you will find it hard to get another season .
 It is really difficult to make a military themed show . As a veteran you expect a certain look and feel when you watch a movie or show that is about people in the military . If you do n't get that atmosphere right it just comes off as fake . The story concept is interesting , but acting and dialog leave it feeling a little unsophisticated .
 They just did n't make this believable , and with all the really good material out there , this fell far short of the competition .
 I did n't , t realize I bought it . If I did it was quite awhile agoI no I had it in my wish list . So in other words . I have n't watched . It
 Never seen such a cheesey unrealistic show . Glad it was free . I really dont know where to begin with what was wrong with it very pro military & respectful of what our military does to protect us sadly this show just doesnt seem to share that .
 Started out strong , but got stupid real quick . Glad I got this for free on XBOX live and didnt pay for it . Waste of money .
 This show is nothing really new but the twist on it got a lot of peoples attention and I can see how it got ratings , but the naked truth about it is that it has no lasting value . It grew old very quickly and once you 've seen a couple of episodes , you see nothing new in the next ones and decide to channel surf and tune back in later after the jobs done to get a glance at what stupid things they did to the car.I mean some of the stuff was ridiculous what they did ... like for example putting TV screens UNDERNEATH the car ? Now , seriously , think about it , how many times in your life have you been underneath your car and thought `` Gee , I wish I had some LCD screens under here '' and then what do you do when you have them ? `` Hi , it 's me , wan na come lay underneath my car and watch a movie with me ? '' and you 'd have to lay in your garage to be safe , ` cause if you did it out on the street and a car crashes in to you or does n't see you and runs your feet over or anything , well , that would lead into a nice spin off called , `` pimp my wheelchair '' . It might be somehow entertaining for the audience watching on TV but when you really think about it , it 's just stupid and grows old really fast ... when they show the group sitting around the table like they had a mission to do that if they did n't get it done right the world would explode , I could n't help but yawn and reach for the remote.I dunno , I may be wrong , but I just see no replay value in the show , once you 've seen a couple of episodes then you 've seen them all and it grows really boring .
 Pimp My Ride in a nutshell
 The show is basically always the same . Oh wait , thats the point . How do we know some kid doesnt go to a junkyard , buy a $ 100 piece of crap , makes a video , and get it remade on this show ? Xzbit is just anther rapper who doesnt make it in the buisness , thanks to it being over crowded with lesser talent . Its kind of stupid to think , the car just sitting alone in the drive way , a camera crew on a street that is not busy , surrounded by houses , no one around , as Xzbit looks at your car . Where is the person ? standing in there house ? The show is preplanned , and the reactions are just faked abit . I know im over doing this , but if you had your car pimped like they do - think of how much it would cost to insure the car . The payment would sky rocket , and people who have it redone are poor it seems .
 This deserves DVD treatment ? First of all , I object to the term `` pimp '' being used as a verb . It 's just not right . Some of what they do with the cars is amazing ... but I wonder why they do n't just get better cars to work with . If you rebuild an old piece of junk , you could get problems down the road . For all it must cost to redo the cars , they may as well just buy new ones -LRB- I suspect they do anyway , as some of the `` improvements '' are too hard to believe -RRB- . I miss the days when MTV played music videos .
 This show kind of gets on my nerves because first of all I think Mtv is the worst channel on TV now . Second , I think it 's unfair that if you 're a burn out in California that ca n't take care of your car Mtv comes and fixes up your car for free . If these kids had some real gumption like I do , they pimp their own rides like the Nook did . I already had a really cool car by driving my 1984 Renault Alliance with a leather top but I figured as pimp as I am I needed to upgrade . Boy did I ! I pimped my own ride . I took the top off the Renault and put redid it but gave myself six more feet of headroom . It looked like a little condo on wheels . I then put a 42 '' inch flat screen tv behind the driver 's seat with Sanyo surround sound . It plays nothing but porn . Some would say it leaves only 4 inches of seating room in the back , but the fact it 's porn makes it totally worth it . There was no room for speakers so those are mounted on the side of the car facing into the back seat . I also put an atari 2600 with purple joysticks . You roll with Combat or Missile command , it does n't get more pimp than that . I put John Deere combine tires with 58 '' platinum rims . I rollin dawg . You think I 'm done ? Nope , I also installed a weber grill under the hood that cooks steaks while you drive . I installed a system with a tv camers under the hood that lets you check on your steaks . If they 're done I installed a conveyor system under the car that puts the steaks in the trunk where I have robotic arms that put A-1 on your steak and a buttered baked potato . After that , Trastor the robot emerges from your truck with your meal and comes in through the special trap door in the ceiling to serve you your dinner . My radio is wired with a computerized knife and fork that feed you while you drive . Does it get more pimp than steak and porn ? I think not .
 I did not like this movie , it was very long and went through too much to make its point . My biggest dislike was the fact that dog fighting was not only a part , it was treated as being condoned and animal cruelty in any form is wrong . Why animal rights ' groups like PETA are not in full force codemning work like this is beyond me , but to use animal cruelty and abuse as a vehicle to tell a story is wrong , unethical and uncompassionate . I would buy all copies in order to destroy them .
 A graphicly violent and bloody film about professional dog fighting . It seems obvious that animals were tortured and killed in the filming of this movie . I was so sickened by its ' offensive content that I could n't watch it all . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Judging by the great reviews and all the awards this film has won , I thought I was in for a treat . I got a trick instead.No deep message , no entertainment value , no thrilling scenery or sets or artistic performances -- what 's left?A bleak , dreary view of thugs , crooks , cheats and low-lifes in Mexico . If you revere the hard-work ethic , high standards , moral judgement and responsibility , you 'll probably be disgusted by this movie.What 's truly frightening is how many critics and film festivals have named this `` Best Film '' . Society 's in real trouble if this is the highest form of motion picture art that we can attain .
 I was shocked to see prolonged violence and mutilation of animals used in the beginning of this film as the apparent theme it chose to introduce . I have better ways to use my money then to be shocked by someone who does n't follow the common approach to depicting someone 's poor taste . There is nothing on the plastic box to warn of animal fighting as a theme in the film .
 I went to see this at the movies and walked out before the half point . Maybe I 'm to conservative , but this movie is not to far off from a porno flick . Adding on to that it was just to bloody for me . I know people who loved it but for me it just showed way to much sexuality . This is a Rate R film that you shouldnt let kids see for sure .
 I 'm not sure of what I was expecting , but the movie was ok . It was in Spanish with English sub titles . I missed some of the movie because I was reading the sub titles . It would have been nice if you had a choice to hear it in English . The movie was a little hard for me to follow .
 I could n't make the DVD to work either in my DVD appliance or my computer . I had to return it .
 I began watching this film prepared for graphic scenes and rough characters . I expected it to be memorable and offer something insightful since it was an oscar nod , and so many people praised it on this site . However , I was disappointed . Not outraged like some that wrote reviews about the violence - violence exists in the world sure enough , and this movie had plenty of it . The reason I was disappointed was because I wanted to sympathize or empathize , or merely connect with some of the characters in this film and I could n't do it . The ending was just as hopeless as these people 's lives . While watching a depressing or tragic movie you need at least relatable characters , or a glimmer of hope at the end of the film that maybe at some point things will get better . This film offered neither . The people in this film had lives very similar to the dogs - violent , painful , and without anything better ahead of them . I read a review that stated , `` many people do n't understand Mexican fatalistic culture , '' and if that is true I would say that 's excellent , because who would want to ?
 I do like dogs . I do not like Dog fighting . But that 's not why I do n't like this movie . I recognize life outside of where I live is Different in many ways ; culturally , socially , Economically . I can accept ALMOST anything , if well done , or provokes thought or teaches or is just plain pleasing or entertaining or amusing or presents a reason to pay attention . This one is ugly and was a waste of time . The movie consists of three stories and only the third showed me anything , and not much there . I really did n't like the other two . Lo siento.I got the movie as a result of an opinion from a good friend and the rave reviews . Lo siento ultra vez . I know this is a very early venture for this director and he went on to do acclaimed work -LRB- I really liked Babel -RRB- . It does n't even work as an art/indy film for me.It is difficult for me to conceive how anyone could say this is their favorite movie . Now , that provokes thought .
 Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu 's `` Amores Perros '' is a noble attempt to restore some much-needed vitality and energy to the film medium . However , it is a muddled piece of work that ultimately proves to be both dynamic and lacking.The events of three different stories are woven together . `` Octavio and Susana '' revolves around a forbidden love affair and a frenzied car chase in which one of the cars is carrying a severely wounded dog . The chase eventually ends in a horrific car crash . `` Daniel and Valeria '' is a tale about a television producer -LRB- Alvaro Guerrero -RRB- who leaves his family for a model and actress -LRB- Goya Toledo -RRB- . Their romantic bliss is disrupted by the disappearance of the woman 's dog and her involvement in the car crash from the previous story . `` El Chivo and Maru '' is about a mysterious man -LRB- Emilio Echevarria -RRB- who is much more dangerous than his run-down appearance would suggest . `` Amores Perros '' is just too long and too disjointed . It is ambitious filmmaking in the sense that it abandons all pretenses at conventional storytelling , but the loose connections between the separate stories are just too loose to create a solid , satisfying narrative tapestry . Its morally-ambiguous characters are a welcome departure from the goody-goody stock characterizations that occupy too many Hollywood productions these days , but they do not exist to further any coherent theme or story . Rather , they are there merely to produce sensation . `` Amores Perros '' is admirable for capturing the stark nature and feel of the darker aspects of the world we live in and for its unflinching and sometimes dazzling filmmaking craftsmanship . However , the film does not come together when all is said and done and fails to leave behind any kind of lasting impression .
 I liked the acting but this was very violent and tough . I ca n't recommend it to people .
 I 'm not a PETA extremist -LRB- far from it -RRB- , but one of the most difficult things for me in watching this film was the horrific violence gratuitously unleashed on the many dogs used in this movie . It simply ruined the film for me . The relationships of many of the main characters involved the dogs in their lives -- most of whom meet graphically bloody ends . All the blood-and-guts violence involving humans was created with special effects -LRB- pretty-boy star Gael Garcia did n't suffer one bit -RRB- . But how many REAL bleeding and dying / dead dogs did they use / torture / maim / kill to make this movie ? I lost count . There were no special effects for the dogs -- to paraphrase Monty Python , `` I know a dead dog when I see it , '' and the filmakers killed and maimed plenty for real.Yeah , it may be a fairly-captivating story line , involving multiple characters from different social strata in Mexico City whose separate lives become intertwined over a horrific car crash . But I could n't shake my deepening dismay over inflicting such real violence and suffering just to make a g * d ** n movie . How seriously can one take the filmakers ' `` exploration of passion , loss , and the fragility of life , '' when they are so callous and cruel in making it ? This whole crew led by Mexican director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu really made me angry by ironically exploiting life 's `` fragility , '' and that ruined the effect of what might otherwise be an engrossing , well-crafted film.Net
 I never thought I would utter the following phrase , `` This movie was just too dark for me . `` 3 LONG stories all linked around a car crash scene that opens the movie . Each story not only involves , but is centered around characters ' relationships with dogs . I am not a dog person , but I do consider myself an animal lover -LRB- go figure -RRB- . All three `` shorts '' -LRB- I use that term loosely -RRB- shows dogs getting either hurt or killed . It was not enough for me to be offended or grossed out or upset , but it did hurt my opinion of the movie.My thoughts are not all negative towards Amores Perros . I did like how the main characters/dog owners in each story are just like the dogs with which they keep company . Parallels can easily be drawn between the characters and the dogs . In this way to suggest that we are not so unlike dogs and that we are not necessarily as civilized as we like to think was very well done.I think the percentage of people who would like it is so small that the odds are not in your favor . If you do happen to see it and do like it , I will stand corrected . That said , good and bad both shown above , it is my recommendation that you should pass .
 This may be `` how Mexico really is , '' but its not a good movie . After reading all the great reviews I was expecting much more . But like 21 Grams , it is just a movie about people you do n't really care about because you do n't get to know them well enough . You feel like a voyeur on other people 's miserable lives and you never get inside their heads enough to really care . Its like watching a sit com , just splashed all over a big screen . There is too much violence without a point . The acting is good but the stories are blah , especially the middle one , and the themes are not developed very well . Its too much `` film-making '' without anough story . The style does n't hook into the story and there is very little emotion generated . I simply did n't care , and I would never want to see it again.Y tu mama tambien is much , much better .
 Although the underlining plot of this movie is intriguing . The movie is extremely violent and uses language that is beyond inappropriate . I just do n't see any reason to expose myself to something this cruel and had to leave before the movie was over .
 This movie was gory , vulgar and offensive on every single level imaginable . It was uncomfortable and unsettling to watch . The plus side is that the characters are developed well . You find yourself really caring what will happen to them & this is the catch that keeps you from turning it off completely . But the ending was beyond dumb and made me disappointed that they did n't just give the money to poor people in Mexico instead of making this brutal , long junk ! You are going to wish you could get 153 minutes of your life back after waisting your time viewing this dross .
 I should have known better . A friend who recommended this movie also loved `` Magnolia '' which is probably the worst movie I have ever seen . `` A symphony of human suffering '' is what he called that one . Well , for those of us who love symphonies , this movie is , like Magnolia , in the realm of Mahler and Bruckner in length . Unfortunately , the whole time is spent in ugliness . There is not a moment of sublimity or beauty.OK , I will cut the film a break for depicting the desperate and disparate circumstances of people in Mexico . Its best quality is in showing how the impoverished situation of a young man leads to tragedy for a beautiful young model , then to a kind of redemption for a hardened criminal . But this thing really needed an editor ! There is way too much violence , to begin with . Dog lovers are likely to walk out or turn it off in the first fifteen minutes.At close to 150 minutes , it gets tiresome , most especially in the ludicrously illogical story of the model . To begin with , how likely is it that the floorboard of her luxury apartment is going to collapse ? Then , when a gaping hole appears , are she and her lover really going to leave that as is , when her little -LRB- terrier -RRB- dog is running around the place ? Anyone who has a terrier knows that they are explorers and hunters . And when the little guy finally explores the subflooring , is it really believable that his owner is not going to go ballistic until he reappears ? Gim me a break . I am a dog lover -LRB- and terrier owner -RRB- , and this movie tries to depict love for dogs only in the final segment , but the second segment is totally inconsistent with that . It would have been easy to just show the dog , now in unfamiliar surroundings , just getting lost . Maybe even suggest that the model is incapable of loving another human . We do n't even get that.Important to any film is whether we care about the characters . Here , it is difficult to say . None of the characters are ideal , and that is one kind of realism . But it is difficult to understand the motivations of the desperate young men who get into dog-fighting ; are n't there a lot of other things they could be doing ? Drug-running , gun-running , pimping ? And we never get to see much in the way of the protagonist 's affection toward the fighting dog who in a way is the center of the story . Not even a single reservation about entering the dog in one fight after another . Yet we are supposed to believe that he has profound feelings for his brother 's wife and offers her tenderness whereas her husband is an insensitive brute.Graphic , gratuitous violence among fighting dogs is depicted . I had to listen on headphones because my little guy was so upset to hear the noise of dogs fighting and suffering . There was way too much of this.And that kind of sums up the movie -- way too much of everything , including the same old story about how nasty characters , sordid circumstances , greed , lust , selfishness , ruthlessness , and , in the end , regrets and bitterness are everywhere , and that people do n't work hard enough in their relationships.Well , I do n't need to be reminded of that.Do yourself a favor and skip it .
 Beware , that this DVD does not have English audio track despite its Amazon description . This is an outstanding movie , but Amazon has wrong data and issued a full refund for me .
 Ugh . Guess I had n't read enough about this movie . It 's definitely not for me . In fact I walked out after 30 minutes . If you like dogs and babies and do n't really enjoy watching bad things happen to them , you might not like this either . I do think it was well done , and it 's very intense -- just not for me .
 This video was a complete waste of time . There was n't anything funny about it and I deleted from my account before finishing it .
 Lets see what we have here . Inocent good people traveling through an isolated part of America run into back woods hillbillys or mutant canilbalistic killers . Saw it all before in Deliverance , The Texas chainsaw masacre -LRB- original and the remake -RRB- , Wrong Turn , and not to mention the first Hills have Eyes . It ` s been done to death .
 I had high expectations for this movie , so imagine my chagrin when I realized that the dog - `` Beast '' , was the smartest character in the entire movie . Do you ever get so mad at the idiotic victims in a movie that you just want to kill them yourselves and improve the gene pool ? Well , that 's how I felt . It was just a gorefest and lacked any real depth or substance because all it relied on was the gore shock factor . I was entirely disappointed and disturbed by all the senseless gore . Do n't get me wrong , I am all about gory movies like SAW , the original Texas Chainsaw Massacre-any movie that has some real substance and leaves you with an impression . This movie Sucked with a capital S . But some of you may like it , my misguided husband did : -RRB-
 This is another of those horror movies that is predicated around the idea that people are just plain dumb . Have a wreck in the desert ? Bicker for several hours , and then finally go off looking for help while resisting wearing a hat , and taking almost no water . Walk for 2 1/2 hours in 100 + degrees , just to find the road you were on appears to have vanished ? Do n't hurry back , hell , take a precarious trail down so you can explore a bunch of wrecks there and pick up a lice ridden teddy bear for your little girl . Your family pet runs off into the middle of nowhere ? Insist on sitting back down for dinner while you let your young son go off after it . Sense danger ? Let your young son grab a gun and go outside -LRB- duh , Mom ? -RRB- . And that 's just in the first 40 minutes . By the time we get to the radioactive mutants , the story has lamed itself so much that it 's hardly worth watching . And the mutant part is so cliched , it is barely worth watching either .
 Really , this movie is just about a mindless group of freaks deformed by radiation and totally insane -LRB- yet somehow surprisingly intelligent , all things considered -RRB- killing a bunch of people trapped in the desert . There 's lots of people getting shot , stabbed , axed , and also one very brief but pretty tepid rape scene that does n't really mean anything , and you probably wo n't care for . It 's not like I expect `` I Spit On Your Grave '' or `` Last House on the Left '' every time there 's a rape scene in a film , but this just feels like it was thrown in there for no real reason except for shock value , which it does n't even deliver . The premise itself is n't great as far as gorefests go ; people who got radiation poisoning live in a wasteland where there 's no law and a lot of homicide . The villains are just generic deformed freaks with little intelligence and lots of homicidal mania , kinda like monsters that can talk but never say anything worthwhile , so it 's not really a big victory when one of them gets an axe in the face by the justifiably angry protagonists . You really do n't care when any of them die ; they 're all interchangeable , really . They 're not exactly killing the top of the crop when it comes to homicidal maniacs ; they 're basically killing animals , only these are n't animals you have any reason to feel sorry for , what with the trapping these people and then trying to kill them thing.But , you know , if all you want is a gorefest and really do n't care about the plot at all , this does have that down well . Tons of limbs are thrown everywhere , digits , decapitations , shotgun suicides , incinerations , various mutilations , and a variety of other gruesome things happen with a good deal of violent graphics . Blood is on the screen constantly , and someone or something is getting killed in almost every scene . If that 's all you care about on a boring evening with nothing else to watch and just feel like a bloody horror film without needing to pay attention to a single sentence of the story , this is your ticket.I never saw the original , so I ca n't compare , but I doubt a film from a director as competent as him could make something this shallow and trite . He was n't exactly about gore as much as the context of that gore , so that when things happened , it meant something , and you felt emotionally stirred by more than just how much blood was on screen at once . That 's definitely not the case here . This is just body after body getting slain somehow in some gory fashion , and you 'll be lucky to remember a single character 's name by the end . I could n't have cared less about the protagonists , since they 're all cardboard cut-outs with little going for them besides being the unfortunate protagonists stuck in the mess they happen to end up in . The performances are n't anything special , not even by Kathleen Quinlan -LRB- Event Horizon -RRB- , who got seriously short-changed here with a relatively minor role and not a lot of screen time , despite being the best actor they 've got there . No one else is particularly convincing when it comes to expressing terror and vengeful retribution . No Oscar performances here.The bottom line is that if you want gore without any actual story value , here you go . It 's all there , and you 'll get plenty of blood and gore , if you crave that kind of thing . If you want a horror film with any meaning , though , do n't bother . This is a mindless gorefest with nothing else going for it besides how red the screen is all the time .
 This was by far the most disturbing movie !! I enjoy most horror , `` Saw '' , `` wrong turn '' `` children of the corn '' etc. but to see violence of teenager getting raped , along with a baby who has a gun to its head and the mother getting violated during this was just too much . I wish someone had told me . just haunting images ! so if violence against women is your thing , just remember most women who enjoy horror films , , will not like this .
 Not a horror movie fan , but all was fine for me until the POINTLESS rape scene . Disturbing enough to me that i 'm still thinking about it a few days later.I do n't even necessarily object to a rape scene being put in a film - but this disgusted me in that it was put in purely for those who get some sort of delight through watching a woman 's suffering . I really , really womder about people who enjoy this kind of stuff .
 First , I have to admit I 'm not a horror fan but I am a fan of great plots . This movie has a very generic plot . `` Monsters '' attacking people . This movie is all about shock value and gore , which I see no point in . With all the great reviews , I sat through this waste of time waiting for a great twist at the end . There was none . The people got away . Wow ! To enjoy the movie just a little more I 've come up with my own ending ... The little girl who saves the baby lives . The baby 's father is grateful to the little girl . The family 's trailer & truck are blown up so they have no way to leave . The little girl brings the family into the hills to live.This ending would have provided the happy ending , the needed plot twist and a better open ending for a second movie .
 I am a huge horror fan . I think the original Hills Have Eyes is a classic . So I was sad when I found the new one is an empty headed waste . Remakes are best when they find a new angle on a story , or have something to add to what the first film did . Great remakes such as The Thing or The Fly work because the filmmakers created movies that use the original as a starting point and then go off in their own direction - much like the remake of Dawn of the Dead.Hills have eyes is almost a shot for shot redo in the vein of Psycho at times . It misses the entire point of the original film - that we are only as civilized as our world allows . None of the interesting parallel between the two families remains -LRB- one from the ` burbs the other a clan of cannibal mutants -RRB- . Instead we just get loads and loads of gore without any impact whatsoever.I like gory movies as much as the next person . I love Blood Feast , Romero 's zombie films , Re-animator , the movies of Lucio Fulci , etc. . But those films had something more then just gore . They were creative , inventive , some were fun , some were scary . This lame rehash of Hills is none of those things . I ca n't stress what a waste of time this so called picture is . It only attempts to revolt the viewer and fails at even that since you are so uninvolved in the films events . I could n't have cared less about what was happening on screen . It left me feeling nothing at all . Not fear , joy , pain , relief , empathy , disgust - nothing . The filmmakers failed . And you would do well to stick with the brilliant original Wes Craven film . This was a lame excuse for a horror movie .
 Nothing even mildly good about this movie ? Not scarey in anyway , I would not even call it Horror , I 'd call it a Horrible waste .
 I 've never seen the original `` The Hills Have Eyes '' but I 'll bet it has more humor and soul than this strictly by-the-numbers exercise in tedious sadism . Do n't they release this movie every two weeks ? Just change the title ? `` House of Wax '' remake ? `` Hostel '' , `` Saw '' ? `` The Devil 's Rejects '' ? This movie is to horror movies what the truly vapid `` Guess Who '' with Bernie Mac and Ashton Kutchner is to socially-relevant message pictures . There is n't one original shot , line , idea , or special effect in this movie , and it only elevates whatever the original tried to do.I do n't like the characters , I do n't like the drawn-out scenes of sick violence that only give everyone a way to indulge in MORE drawn-out scenes of sick violence , I do n't like the heavy lethargy that I 'm completely wasting my time watching dreck like this . I 'm not really picking on this particular movie because I feel this way about every other `` horror movie '' out there.There is more to horror than mindless gore . And these movies play to the laziest and lowest common denominator to making money , not making movies.Kids love this kind of sludge but should n't Hollywood challenge anyone who wants to see a good horror movie ?
 I love scary movies . I rented this thinking it would be scary and wound up turning it off half way through if that . the people who made this movie were n't aiming for horror in the traditional scence , they were just trying to see how sick they could make this movie . true saw was sick , but it has a story , a meaning , and it screwed with your head . This movie was just plain sick .
 The production values and acting were very well done , but the extensive and utterly horrific brutality and savgaery was just too much , even in today 's celluloid world . I was disturbed for days after seeing it and would never recommend it to anyone with a weak stomach or a disgust for excessive gore . -LRB- PS Never saw the first and had no idea of exactly what was to transpire , and the reviews do not give a sense of the gut-wrenching horror you will see on the screen -RRB- . Hollywood - please , stop !
 This movie was horrible ! I am not a big time film critic or claim to know anything about movie making , but I do know what movies I like , and this was not one of them . Sure it was scary and a tiny bit suspenseful , but it was just plain dumb . The movie tries to make you think that there were people in the desert still alive after the nuclear testing of the 40 's and 50 's and they turned into flesh eating mutants . Totally unbelievable and ridiculous . I thought I would be watching something a little more realistic , along the lines of Wolf Creek or A Cry in the Dark . Bad movie . Do n't waste your money unless you are into plain old blood and very disturbing violence .
 this was one sick movie . if all you need from a horror movie is blood and gore then this movie is for you . the acting from the family members in the movie wasnt too bad but as far as anything else in the movie it was just ridiculous . i like pshycological thrillers but this definitely was not one of those . i would n't recommend this movie to anyone
 Laughably over the top bad . I lovee horror as much as the next guy , but this thing is just trash . Full of cliches , lame acting , dumb plot . Literally one of the five worst movies I 've ever seen in my lifetime . And this has nothing to do with the gore -- this is just a flat out horrible waste of two hours movie . Do yourself a favor and do n't watch it . What a waste of cash ...
 I think this film is very overrated . I bought the dvd because I heard many people recommend it for horror . After watching the dvd , I did something I never did before ; I threw the new DVD in the garbage . I was n't amused with the gore and the thin plot . This movie did n't differ from any blood and guts film already made . I was bored for the first hour of the movie and the rest of the movie did n't impress me at all . After the first 10 minutes , I forced myself to watch it because I thought it would get better . Huge disappointment . I am a horror movie fan and have watched many movies since the 1980s and this film was a waste of time.A family is on a road trip , they take a backroad and get caught in a booby trap of the radioactive , cannibal mutants that live in the area . They have no contact or communication . The family then gets terrorized by the mutants and decide to fight back . The film ended in a way that shows there will be a part 2 . I would not waste a dime or my time on watching the sequel.Why did others like this film -- maybe because they like gore -LRB- sick -RRB- , the suspense of the attacks , and the acting -LRB- which was believable -RRB- . But if you like a horror movie with more substance , suspense and plot , skip this movie and watch Saw or High Tension , you 'll thank me later .
 I bought this movie , having not seen it , if your considering getting this movie , Do n't . This movie is nothing more than a gore fest . I could n't even get half way through it and I am not squeamish . There is no dialog , the acting is just plain god awful , and when the `` people '' come out , you can expect to see some really intense gore . No thanks
 I watched this flick with my 16-year-old daughter this weekend . I have n't had so much enjoyment poking fun at a Stupid `` Horror ? '' `` Thriller ? '' since I saw Friday the 13th in 3D in the theater originally with a group of drunk friends ! C'mon it was just plain bad . I surmised from seeing the film that Mutants do n't die because their organs must be different when stabbed , beaten , or shot in the head or heart . Was I watching living mutants or Dawn of the Dead zombies -- YIKES !!! My daughter did n't even frighten by this one , and the gore was just that , only gore ! The family was so obnoxious and dumb , you actually rooted for the mutants . Only the baby was innocent , and a decent actor in this truly dumb flick . You want horror or terror or suspense , rent an old Karloff , Chaney Jr. , or Lugosi movie . This generation does n't have a clue when it comes to horror . This type of movie was old with Michael Meyers and Jason !
 As far as ugliness , murder and rape go , if you 're into extreme horror films the look of the film is top notch -LRB- just like High Tension -RRB- . However , compared to the original , the villians lack motive , mystery , and just plain spookiness ... Compare Ruby -LRB- the ferral girl of the hills people -RRB- . In the original she was a dynamic presence whose motives were unclear until the climax . In Aja 's version she has had her wings clipped and basically gets forgotten amongst the special effects of mutant make up ... Also as far as political statements go , there 's a lot to be said about how the US has experimented its natural resources into oblivion , but the US flag in the mutants skull strikes me as being rather limp ... espeically considering the venom Aja 's forebearers could conjue on screen -LRB- Jean-Luc Goddard 's Weekend comes to mind -RRB- ... Soin short this movie looks great but feels so so , which strikes me as criminal considering how EASY it would be to make it great all around ... Basically the same review would apply to High Tension -LRB- which itself was a rip off of INTENSITY by Dean Koontz -RRB- ... Aja better grow up quick if he wants to be a serious filmaker . . but i almost bet he does n't ...
 With recent exercises in unpleasantness like `` Hostel '' and `` Wolf Creek '' , and the rise of 70 's horror remakes -LRB- `` Texas Chainsaw '' and `` The Omen '' to name just a couple -RRB- , it was no surprise to hear that Wes Craven 's semi-classic `` The Hills Have Eyes '' was being updated . For it 's time , the original `` Hills '' was pretty unpleasant , and also wildly popular . It was also one of the early examples of what a lot of film critics refer to as `` Pornoviolence '' . You do n't watch them for the plot . You watch them for the death scenes.In the new one , the story 's the same , which is to say there ai n't much of one . They tried a little harder , but it 's still just a family getting stranded in the desert -LRB- after taking shortcut-advice from the creepy ol' gas station guy ... duh ... -RRB- and then getting attacked by cannibal mutants . After a few graphic deaths , and a stolen infant , the survivors take on the bad guys in a series of bloody cat-and-mouse scenes until the end of the movie , at which point they 're still stranded in the middle of the desert . Maybe they should have let the mutants do them a favor.Well , lame story -LRB- and dialogue ... and acting -RRB- aside , the goods are delivered here . The gore is plentiful and well-done , with amphasis on slow , painful deaths . For those who spend money to see this stuff , enjoy . I admit , some of it was fun to watch in a juvenile way , but there was no sympathy factor for anyone on screen -LRB- except maybe the dogs and the baby -RRB- , and there were way too many long scenes of someone walking through the desert hills , looking around nervously and waiting for something scary to happen . It never does , unless you really were n't expecting a demented mutant cannibal to jump out from somewhere and start swinging a pickaxe , but since that 's the point of this movie , we 're okay there.Director Alexandre Aja made a much better horror movie called `` High Tension '' . It was also very violent and gory , but it was scary and kept you interested even when somebody was n't getting killed . That is where this film falls very flat.Fast forward buttons ready ?
 Last year 's gruesome flick Wolf Creek was on my Worst of 2005 list debuting at an astounding # 2 , but , while it was bad , it in no way shape or form equals the awfulness of The Hills Have Eyes . See , at least in Wolf Creek , there was not even a shard of an attempt at character development , so it was basically a slaughterfest of characters I never really got the time to know . The Hills Have Eyes does n't really get started until about forty-five minutes into the film , lending the viewer an insight into what probably could be considered the stupidest family in all of film history . The film is basically a retread of the original , beefed up in effects for shock value , and it does nothing with the writing of the original , except reaffirm that these characters are dumb . The film is essentially a horror film created with a mold of every other horror film ever made . A family on vacation to San Diego in their motorhome takes a detour through the New Mexico desert -LRB- shocker -RRB- . They wind up lost and ask for directions from the sketchy gas station attendant -LRB- again , a shocker -RRB- who tells them to take the road that 's not on the map -LRB- do I even have to say it -RRB- , and they listen -LRB- ... -RRB- . They soon find themselves with four flat tires and stranded in the middle of nowhere . By this point , I was repeatedly punching myself in the face because it was less painful . I know it probably is n't a good thing for a film reviewer to say something like that , but I have to explain how bad this film is . As of right now , just in thinking about this film , my right fist is trembling as I try not to strike myself . Anyway , back to the plot . Wait . Do I have to go on ? Right now , with the information you 've been given about the plot , you should be able to determine what the rest of the film will entail . Well for those who are still reading this , I will be courteous enough to continue . The father of the family , only known as Big Bob -LRB- clever -RRB- goes off in one direction in search of the gas station and Doug , who is engaged -LRB- or perhaps married -RRB- to Big Bob 's daughter , heads in the other direction in search of another road . Bob , who is a retired police officer , arrives at the gas station in the middle of the night to find it near deserted . Or so he thinks . At the first sign of noise , Bob -LRB- an ex-cop mind you -RRB- starts firing rounds from his .357 Magnum towards every direction . At this point in the film , my nose was broken and my mind was completely gone . Mutants attack the remaining part of the family in the camper and steal Doug 's baby . At the first sign of one of the mutants , I wanted to call Steven Spielberg and Richard Donner and tell them that Alexandre Aja had stolen Sloth from The Goonies and put him in their film , but , alas , I did n't have their phone number . Doug goes on a rampage to find his baby and gets into a large bloodbath with an ending that is , to say , less than rewarding . The credits came just as I was getting the noose ready , and then I miraculously got my mind back and returned to normal . Not one moment of the film is original . The Hills Have Eyes has reached its mutant hands around a few big name critics who have hailed this film as a refreshment from other horror flicks . I have news for them . The Hills Have Eyes is a stupid , predictible film about a stupid , predictible family on their stupid , predictible family vacation to the stupid , predictible middle of nowhere . The ending leaves room for a sequel , but there was already a film called The Hills Have Eyes 2 . So will it be a sequel of the remake of the original ? Or will it be a remake of the sequel of the original ? Let 's hope we wo n't have to find out . It 's a film that has absolutely no entertainment value and should not be watched by people who are suicidal . It 'll only make it worse . For those of you on the border of depressed and suicidal , this film should give you more than enough reason to cross the border and make the jump .
 This movie grossed me out . The scenes were too graphic and the storyline is stupid . I like some of Wes Cravens movie but save your money on this one . DEFINITELY NOT WORTH IT .
 I never want to see this movie again . It wasnt all that great ! Usually my boyfriend and I buy the movies we like when they come out on DVD . My boyfriend begged me to let him buy it and I refuse . I dont even want it in my house !
 A laughable , feeble and moronic attempt to recapture the essence and true horror of one of the greatest horror movies ever made . I have no idea why I even bother watching these god awful remakes.You people that believe gore and loud sounds make a horror movie have a LOT to learn . `` The Hills '' remake is a total joke on every level . The family is so unlikeable you really ca n't wait for them to be slaughtered , their acting is less than poor , the story is weak and trite , not to mention we get no backround story on these mutant freaks except for newspaper articles . The movie is neither scary , nor smart . A good idea will always triumph over a big budget when it coms to a horror film . Look at the great horror films of the past that had no budget but remain among the greatest horror movies in history . `` The Hills Have Eyes '' -LRB- 1977 Original -RRB- , '' Halloween '' -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' -LRB- 1974 Original -RRB- , `` Friday the 13th '' -LRB- 1980 -RRB- `` Evil Dead '' -LRB- 1982 -RRB- etc. I loved the original `` Hills Have Eyes '' -LRB- 1977 -RRB- I loved Alexandre Aja 's `` High Tension '' but this lackluster remake makes we want those 90 minutes of my life back . Do n't pay any attention to the positive reviews , if you 're a `` TRUE '' fan of the genre stick with the original and skip this weak remake .
 This movie was so deranged and sadistic . It was awful ! To think someone would even want to make something like this is awful . Now I remember why I do n't watch 21st century horror movies because they keep getting worse and worse !
 This movie is shockingly stupid and a poor product.I wasted money getting this from a bargain bin . Very disappointed.Fast forwarded the last half.I must have confused this with Last House on the Left , which I 've heard is not too bad for this genre.However , I would n't expect much from that either.Wes Craven , like Obama , is only hyped up trash .
 This movie is no where near as good as the original . SAVE YOUR MONEY ... . PERIOD !
 Let 's get one thing straigth , I 'm not much of a Horror movie fan , but I can enjoy a few if they are well done . This one obviously dose n't belong to that category . It is really `` great '' to watch if you can get rid of every possible logical and coherent thought !!! I mean , come on what kind of a silly , absolutely unrealistic plot do we have here
 This movie is terrible . I ca n't believe that Wes Craven is making money off of this fodder for a horror-movie . There is absolutely no suspense , totally crap acting , and completely cliche stupidity in the characters that you could catch in other mediocre `` horror '' film ever made . It 's not even good enough to be called `` horror '' to me , it 's just plain vapid . If you wan na see more axes and lots of blood and mutants raping young blonde women then this is the movie for you . If you want to be scared and psychologically challenged , do n't waste your time . It 's too bad - the premise for the story could 've been developed into something really interesting , but the previews make very empty promises . And Uufortunately , the ending seems like it 's lending itself to a sequel . Smoke another stogie on this one Mr. Craven , you 've fooled the public again .
 This movie is perfect for the repressed , backstabbing and bitter gun fearing liberal . Your hero triumphs ! All the good characters get killed at the beginning and the despicable ones save the day , but wait , the good characters are all dead so what 's the point ? This movie portrays a 25-year veteran cop as a spastic idiot who was willing to take driving directions from a guy with black teeth and shoot at noises ; a strong matriarchal grand-mom as dumb , slow and hesitant to protect her daughters ; a gorgeous young mother as unwilling to fight and protect her daughter and herself and the whole bunch of them are too dumb to keep their dogs on leashes . It was the dogs who got them in trouble because the owners kept letting them run off in the first place . What irresponsible dog owners.Now if I made this movie , the cop would never have taken directions from a freak -LRB- or bought gas from him for that matter -RRB- and it would have been over and everyone safe in bed in California . Wait , that 's boring . Realism is not something that this movie excells in . How about the cop immediately grabs the shotgun and takes cover when a freak is making noise in the dark instead of wasting his ammo and jumping in the car to his demise without checking it first ? Very few cops would be this dumb and instantly forget all their training , definitely not this guy . The movie could have been a cool trailer seige movie or a violent mutant hunt and the democrat could have kept tripping over his own shoelaces or continued to say nasty things about his wife and father-in-law instead of turning into Rambo . Some people think this one is way better than the earlier movie with the same name -LRB- I do n't think you can call it the original -RRB- , I think this movie is putrid and foul and those reviewers that liked it are easily entertained . It 's not the violence that I have a problem with , it 's kindergarten-smart Hollywood movie makers . Could there have been any normal people from New Mexico in this movie?Mr . Aja , -LSB- Thine -RSB- face is not worth sunburning .
 I love horror movies , ever since I was little -LRB- yeah yeah too young , bad parenting , I have great parents whatever gets said about that -RRB- I 've been a sucker for horror , I 've seen lots of distastefull stuff in movies so I 'd say I 'm a bit desensitised , however this movie managed to send a shiver down my spine.I live in belgium , over here the movie is still in theatres and since the choices in movies were limited me and my friends decided on this cause it looked good -LRB- at least better then the other options , no offense to anyone who liked the movie but there was no reason whatsoever to remake ` the omen ' which is why I refuse to see it ... but then that 's another story -RRB- . The movie started out weird and left you guessing . The ` you should take the path into the mountains ' was way too obvious but hey in the realm of horror even B-movies get appriciated and the camerawork is a little too profesional for this to rate as one , some money obviously went into this.Anyway just when the movie gets boring the most awefull scene I remember seeing in any movie gets thrown in , I 'm actually shocked because a lot of movies play with the theme of rape but you expect whatever hero to walk in and stop it before it 's too late . Anyway even though it disgusts me and I felt like walking out of the theatre at the time , I can appriciate this as it did the unlikely thing of actually shocking me to hell.Unfortunatly this shock ruined the rest of the movie cause even though it tries to rebuild suspense , it fails as you just keep sitting there thinking ` my god , that did n't actually happen ' ... at this point the movie might as well have ended -LRB- but of course a reason is found to go into another half of the movie -RRB- cause the rest is just plain and boring blood and gore , nothing new under the sun.The acting itself is mostly sub-par , I 've read a lot of mock about ` the mutants ' but in my opinion most of them put down lot more convincing acts then the family ... . and it 's not the actors fault that the director forgot that a reason for all of it might 've been nice ... at least a reason better then ' `` you people '' -LRB- yeah because once something bad happens EVERYONE becomes `` you people '' and that 's reason enough to kill them -RRB- nuked us so we kill you ' . Really , I did n't see the first one -LRB- did n't even know this was a remake -RRB- but I read in a another post that there they did it because they needed food ... that I would 've understood , hell just work in that the radiation made them crazy but no , the mutants are intelligent enough to do lots of complex things except find a good excuse . ... `` dawn of the dead '' got away with ` no reason for the madness ' because that was the clue of the story , nobody knew anything . This is a movie that needs a reason and it does n't deliver on that either.I strayed from my point though , the acting ... well I can understand that it 's hard to act out lines that are a cliche of a cliche of a cliche but they could at least have tried.I have mixed feelings about this movie , on one hand it managed to deliver a real blow as in ` they actually went there ' , on the other hand , and even though this one scene is very elaborate , it fails to deliver any more then that . I do n't think that one scene makes a movie ... even a scene that hit me hard enough to write a post as long as this .
 `` Horror '' is an interesting word when you think about it . I believe that Stephen King once said , that '' ` horror ' can be defined in one of two ways when it comes to ` Horror movies '
 Take if you will , a group of people taking a little getaway somewhere in southwestern America . Along the way they meet a local , that does n't seem quite right , who later blows his head off ; later there enters an inbred , psychopathic group of cannibals , with one that is sympathetic toward the horror that will soon befall the innocent group of travelers , throw in a kidnapped baby and what do you have ... . Whats that you say ? You think you are watching the remake of Texas Chainsaw Massacre ? Sorry , you 're just like me and have been suckered into watching THE HILLS HAVE EYES -LRB- Unrated version -RRB- . Deep down i want to blame the producers of this movie for putting this underwear stain of a movie out . However , it is becoming painfully clear to me that it is my fault for watching them , and having hope that any new ideas will come out anytime soon , for the horror genre . All the movies are either remakes , or based on the premise of another . HILLS is weak , the victim family characters are unlikeable , the story predictable , even to the most elementary horror fan , and i dare anyone to say that they did n't want at least one or two of the victim family members to get killed off -LRB- yes , they were THAT unlikeable -RRB- . I will add that the cheapest lowest , most unnecessarily disgusting part of the movie -LRB- which makes me want to burn my DVD right now -RRB- was in the rape scene , which leaves me to feel that Wes Craven might even be a lower form of life that the mutated canabilistic family in HILLS.I cant honestly say that i saw the first version of HILLS but i cant imagine it having been worse than this one , leaving me to wonder why the heck it was made to begin with , however as long as suckers like me keep pumping money into Hollywood for ideas that have already been done , I 'm really not giving them any reason to come up with any new ones.For you , -LRB- the fans of horror -RRB- all i can say is if you want to see a little gore , with very little plot or originality , check it out , for those of you who are die hard horror fans -LRB- like myself -RRB- id advise you to do like me and check out some of Amazons other classic horror flicks from the 70 's and 80 's , they are cheaper , original , and something Hills was n't ... Scary .
 With all the `` torture '' movies out there like Saw , Hostel , Wolf Creek , Turistas , etc , I should have expected that a remake of the 1979 Version would also have lots of blood , and no substance . Most of the Horror out today is about 90 % blood and guts 9 % shotty camera work and 1 % plot . Gone are the days of letting your imagination run wild , where the horror was about the unknown and the big scares came at the beginning and the end . The build up was most of the thrill and the Gore was never the star , it was always the icing on the cake.The Hills Have Eyes , written by Alexandre Aja -LRB- haute tension -RRB- and Wes Craven is supposed to be about a family that gets waylaid in the unfortunate vicinity of a nuclear test sight . There are people -LRB- mutants -RRB- who never left the doomed town and still live there in the `` hills '' and murder whoever comes near them , the reasoning being they are peeved at the government and are hungry I guess . The older version was cheesy , but entertaining none the less . We craven has n't shelled out a good horror movie since A Nightmare on Elm street and that was in 1984 , I am starting to think it was a fluke . Everything since then has been tame at best , poorly executed and disappointing -LRB- Scream , Red eye , Cursed , Vampire in Brooklyn , Shocker , Dracula 2000 , Pulse , Freddy vs. Jason , They -RRB- Most of those films are comedies -LRB- which I can appreciate -RRB- , not Horror . And Alexandre Aja 's best film Haute Tension was a good film until the last 20 minutes.This Film , is supposed to have shock value and for what it 's worth it is n't that shocking . The term `` been there done that '' comes to mind . The mutated townsfolk were shallowly fleshed out character wise , mostly they reminded me of Sloth from the Goonies and recent zombie films , in fact the main mutant Lizard is played by Robert Joy who was in Land of the Dead , and Micheal Bailey Smith who played Pluto was a Hillbilly mutant in the straight to DVD movie Monster Man . The Family , who is stupid enough to take an air stream through a shortcut across the desert , really deserves to be weeded out by cannibal radiation sick murderers . Personally I did n't care about their well being , I was n't inclined by the plotline to like them at all , especially their dogs . I have a short fuse for dogs that are n't on a leash and just run amok at every chance they get . That brings me to the kills , the dog looked fake fake fake , stiff as a board and only minutes dead !?! The father being burnt alive looked so eye rolling fake , the shooting of the mother , who cared ? The Nursing on the older daughter , unnecessary !!! Random thought ... Who brings a bird on a road trip ? Do n't these people have neighbors ? I have seen reviews on here about how `` terrifying '' it was , WHERE ? Was it scary that they took the baby ? Or that the Liberal gun shy son in law was about to get whacked ? Was I shaking when Mut # 4 wailed in his wheelchair about his life , or when Mut # 5 and 6 played in their rooms with burnt up dolls ? I was terrified that people actually got scared or jumped watching this ! NOTHING was worthy in this so called film to be called terrifying , Nothing . It was Gore for the sake of grossness , sexual for the sake of grossness , Hair and makeup and CGI effects for the sake of Grossness , and these people got your 9 bucks at the box office and 14.99 at Best Buy because the general public thinks Gross = Terrifying.I predict this method of filmmaking has one more year left in it , because there are only so many intestines , scalpels , torture devices , and dumb people who travel in the path of some crazed murderous hillbilly that people can take .
 I found this movie very disturbing . I enjoy horror movies but this was very hard to watch . In it there is a camper scene where a young girl gets raped and while all that is taking place a baby is crying all through the scene . 2 things I hate to see in a movie and ca n't understand why directors feel to put it in . It was more sad than enjoyable . Not for anyone under 18 .
 This is a classic example of what is wrong with our culture today ! The genre of horror films has now become truly sick and perverse ! I realize the targeted demographic is the 18-25 year old males out there and that Hollyweird is committed to pushing the envelope on violence blood and gore to satisfy these little cretons but there are limits . The brutal rape scene in this movie alone is enough to turn anyone with any sense off ! I maintain the reason we have a lot of social problems and violent sick behavior is tied directly to life imitating art ! Remember entertainment always mirrors society at a point in time and this film definitely shows how low we have sunk in our viewing standards !!
 I really love scary flicks and since this movie had Ted Levine and Kathleen Quinlan , I figured it wouldn not be a piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- . WRONG!I 'm really disappointed by the misogynistic and violentally gory junk Hollywood is making in recent years . It 's not so much I ca n't take gross hackings , I can . But being normal , it gets old ! What I 'm really sick of is the mysogonistic murder and mayhem you see in these kinds of films . And when I think this stuff is geared to the teenage demography - it probably why this country is full of violence against women and violence in general . Actually , I might have been able to take one more gross-out film like The Hills Have Eyes if it had n't featured , once again , the violence against women . It makes me wonder about the psychological makeup of the people who write and produce these things .
 This time Wes Craven 's 1977 horror flick The Hills Have Eyes is remade by High Tension director Alexandre Aja . Family and a couple with a baby are on the road and are given directions by a gas station attendant . They soon get stranded in the middle of the hot desert . So , a few of them go off to see if they can find any help . Doug , played by Aaron Stanford -LRB- X-Men
 Best watched while drunk , I 'm guessing.Directing
 You 'll know what i mean when you get to that part . . and no it 's not the part about the dog ,
 Some parts were a little gross even for me and scary movies dont usually bother me . The overall movie was very easy to predict -LRB- family gets stuck in the middle of no where and weird mutants come and eat them -RRB- Seen too many movies like this .
 I usually like the remakes of movies better . This remake was a disappointment to me . I found it very boring and drawn out . I was watching the movie and all I could think of is when the actors will be killed next . To me , I did n't like the actors ' characters of this movie . I felt nothing for them and actually found them very irritating . If you want to see a better version of this movie , see the orginal one .
 While it is usually an excuse to not expose any sissyness , I must say I very much hate scary movies . Not that I get scared easily , it 's just I prefer well-acted dramas with solid characters . Seeing people getting eaten or dismembered or bludgeoned to me is n't a movie , it 's just an excuse to try and disgust the audience and not frighten them . Well in a sea of half-baked -LRB- if that -RRB- remakes , in comes the Hills Have Eyes , which does show off neat effects but it 's got a very thin story and a feeling of gore for gore 's sake.A family vacationing out in Western United States hits a bit of a problem and they have to stop in the middle of nowhere with no cell phone reception and no help . That 's not the least of their worries as surrounding them are disfigured mutants who have a very strong affinity for blood and flesh . The only solution is to be just as violent to them back , maybe even moreso.You know a film is in trouble when the only discussed thing is the gore and the film has plenty . Fingers get cut off , axes go into bodies , heads are shot -LRB- and shot off -RRB- and there 's most likely more but I ca n't remember off the top of my head . Now , maybe I 've seen my share of gory movies or maybe it 's just that I 've been oversaturated with it but honestly it did n't affect me . First , films ca n't stand alone on gore , unless you count those equally pointless gore films like Cannibal Holocaust and such . And second , when the film 's chockful of it it deadens the impact of subsequent ones , no matter how violent it is.Does the film succeed at least on some level ? Well it 's well-shot , giving the film that weird quasi-70 's look , also reminiscent of the recent Devil 's Rejects -LRB- which I hated too -RRB- . The acting for the most part is alright , nothing stands out , although I did n't actually know Pyro from X2 and X3 was in this movie . You got Ted Levine , Kathleen Quinlan , and Emilie de Ravin of Lost fame . So casting 's fine , it 's shot fairly well but the gore , while still impressive on a technical level , is just there for the sake of it.If you liked films like the Saw films , Hostel , Wolf Creek or the aforementioned Devil 's Rejects , you 'll love this movie . If you hated at least one of these movies , then this one wo n't change your mind anytime soon .
 I got about half way through this piece of trash before I had it and stopped . It is a gore-fest for the sake of gore-fest . Just disgusting . This is not horror , this is just revulsion and attempts at shock through mindless special effects . Vile.You like that , this is the film for you ... just do n't admit it to anyone over 13 or even a kid with a smidgeon of sense or taste .
 The movie started out very slow and had absolutly no story to it . It was very predictable.If I could ask for my money back I would do so . There was alot of blood , but it was n't scary and had no thrill to it . sorry to say this was another flop for wes craven .
 I was very excited to see this because I am a really big fan of the original film . This movie was just lame the whole way through . I really hated this movie . It was pretty much a hollywood horror movie disguised as a real horror movie.So my advice is ... buy the old one .
 The original movie was far superior to this movie . The original relied more on plot and suspense than on `` cheap-thrill gore '' and loud noises to drum up a scare which is the only thing that keeps this movie going.The first half hour of this awful remake is hopleless boring . I yawned five times . A travel trailer in the middle of a desert and a group of people just complaining about their trip , and I was thinking why am I watching this.Aside from boring script and plot , there are short bursts of exciting gore . Then it 's back to boring script . Overall the movie was completely unbelievable . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Exciting scene # 1
 I was completely unprepared for a certain part in this movie that should have come with a warning . I have post-traumatic stress disorder from when I was sexually molested by my father and raped by my step-dad . My reaction to the part where the mutated guy was about to rape the girl caused me to begin to hyperventilate and almost sent me to a hospital . If it was n't for my family , I would not have been able to calm down and would have blacked out . I knew the movie was going to be horrible , but that part really affected me and now I can never watch a horror movie without my body feeling like it 's going to shut down on me . I 'm only 17 years old and have lost my love for horror movies . I have seen similar rape scenes before , but I have never had that kind of reaction to any movie . I slammed my laptop shut and began to cry . I then started to tremble and could n't get the scene out of my head . I was afraid to fall asleep and afraid to do anything . I was sweating up a storm and just kept crying and repeating , `` I ca n't get it out of my head , I ca n't get the image out of my head . '' I stayed like that for about 30 minutes . Like I said there should 've been a warning . There needs to be a warning that says there 's rape in the movie .
 I guess there is not enough desert in Texas , New Mexico , Arizona , Nevada , California , Utah , Colorado , Oregon , and Idaho to have film this movie here , no -- they went all the way to Morocco in North Africa !! We pay to see these movies , rent them and own them yet they do not have the decency to film them where there audience is -- to give back to society , to our America/North American deserts . The American desert southwest is beautiful and much of it unspoiled . I just ca n't believe it was cheaper for them to film in North Africa than in Arizona or Cali ... rediculous ! Anyways , the 3 people I wanted to see most dead ended up alive at the end . Another terrible remake of a classic .
 this film was much bloodier than the original - which is hard to do , as the first version was bad enough . how about just scary special effects without all the blood and gore ? that would be better .
 I just finished watching this movie , and I am left feeling left down . One would think , it being Wes Craven and all , that it would have been much better . Over all , I found it sort of slow and I seemed to have missed the story line . I do n't think I would recommend this one to anyone . : -LRB-
 the people in this movie , mainly the core charactors , are not any smater than an ant on his own . they fall for every trick in the books and totaly ignore thier surrounding and it gets most of them killed . in one scene the dad was put on a cross and burned -LRB- if thats not bad enough -RRB- and the main charators run to assist him but leave the baby and the daughter alone behind them and the freaks break in the van , rape the girl steal the baby and the whole time the people are trying to put a fire out . The Ignorance of the people pisses me off . i give is one star .
 I did not even received the DVD and how amI going to review the movie . Please tell me how to ...
 In all fairness I have not seen the original . I thought the trailer for this movie looked interesting so I decided to give it a chance when I saw the DVD on sale.This is pretty much what I feared it would be
 To go into this remake with an open mind , although all of the recent remakes like `` The Fog '' and `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' have been let downs to me . I thought maybe because Craven , himself , was involved with this film it would exceed my expectations and I 'd be pleasantly suprised . Well , unfortunately that did n't happen.Of course the lighting is better , the effects are better , the sound is better because they had millions of dollars to work with . Unfortunately none of this makes the movie any better.To start with the family is contemptable , you get an immediate dislike for all of them , especially Doug . At this point you 're almost routing for them to get slaughtered.In `` The Hills '' original we learn the backround of the main cannibal -LRB- Papa Jupiter -RRB- and we know he has a family of blood thirsty children . In `` The Hills '' remake we know nothing of these mutated freaks , except from what you read in the newspaper articles that flash across the screen.At least in the original the family in the mountains has a reason for attacking the innocent family , after all , they 're cannibals and they 're hungry . However , is there ever really a reason these mutated freaks attack the family in the remake?The acting seemed lackluster , almost as if the actors and actresses seemed disinterested in their roles . Like I said earlier , yes , the effects are better , as is the lighting and sound but it really does n't improve the the original film.If you 've never seen the original you may find this film pleasing , I mean it does have it 's moments . However , if you 've seen Craven 's classic you 'll probably find that they do n't compare . Craven showed in his earlier works that it does n't take a big budget to create a classic horror film , rather it takes a creative idea and a dedication to your work . Craven 's `` Hills Have Eyes '' -LRB- 1977 -RRB- is the superior film . Showing once again that when a great film is created the first time it 's done , there 's not much room for improvement .
 I 'm not gon na bash people for liking this movie . because i wanted to like it , its definately my kind of movie . but i nearly threw up with the trailer scene and the rape . i thought wes craven was pretty good at filmaking but to put this into a movie is disgusting . Most of the girls i know were haunted by that scene days afterwards . i certainly dont speak for all women , but i have never felt so degrated by watching that scene . i will never watch another wes craven movie again . i wonder if people would feel differently if a man was raped ? maybe i 'm being overly dramatic , but are we that desensitized to women being raped that watching a disgusting mutant commit the rape is entertainment ? it makes me sick
 I love horror movies , even badly done ones can be funny and amusing . There was a scene in this that nearly made me vomit , and it was not because of realistic blood and guts - it had to do with violent sexuality and children . A baby and teenager being involved in a brutal rape scene is just vulgar . Is that really necessary ? The only reason a screaming baby would be there is to make it more sickening , c'mon ! I watch scary movies for fake blood and guts , not to start thinking about child molestation and traumatized babies . That one scene completely left me thinking nothing but bad things . I do n't even remember the rest of it well enough to review it . If you 're a woman that 's been a victim of any sexual violence , or a mother this scene will likely be too much for you . I just want to write this to save someone else being as bothered as I was . Some of us just ca n't handle something along these lines .
 I love a good horror movie and I love gore too but this movie seemed like it was just going through the motions . Same old story of a family stuck and attacked and killed one by one . Nothing new to add and how many times in a horror movie recently have we seen someone 's fingers chopped off ? It 's been done . It had nothing new to add.I hope Hollywood keeps making this type of movie in the future because surely there is a market for ir but how about a better script?And the worst part ? they leafve it open for a sequel ! That gets a start taken away right there .
 The opening of the movie was fantastic with its blend of stock nuclear testing video mixed with short clips that set the tone for the film.But after this the movie , unfortunately , falls flat.Actually , if you deconstruct the film according to plot progression , Beast , the dog , is the protagonist . His love interest -LRB- the other dog , Beauty -RRB- is the first victim . He is the first to exact revenge on one of the attackers . He saves the human protagonist 's life , and shows no fear -LRB- he ca n't . He 's a dog -RRB- . After that , the actual gore and horror was uninventive to say the least . Here are these deformed and mentally scarred people and all but one of the murders they perform in the film are by gun shot . GUNS ? At this point , with the bar set so high by other gore flicks -LRB- saw series , others of it 's ilk -RRB- murder with a gun is anti-climatic and more needless than anything.Sadly , there was no development of the hill people than a few photographs of their former selves on graves of their fallen and one pedantic monologue that was readily discarded -LRB- oh , the dog killed that man as well . The human protagonist ran off with a bat -RRB- . Here are characters who have a real reason to hate Americans and the government and all the time was to spent setting up how anachronist the town was.I 'm not a cinematographer or light specialist , but I really felt that these , while good , were not great . The town could have been more moody . The insides of the houses could have been creepier . Motion could have been more disjointed or something , ANYTHING.All in all , rent this and see for yourself . I can see some people liking this movie , but it definitely goes into me `` see once '' category to languish with other ` meh ' films .
 I coud n't get thru the whole movie after the rape , and the breastfeeding I had to turn off !!! Do not buy ! I found this movie totally disgusting and it made me sick for days . I love horror movies thats all I watch , this movie gives good horror movies a bad name .
 I wanted to rent something creepy and gorey for Halloween and I figured this would fit the bill . I write this knowing full well that most horror films are corny and there is a level of cheese you have to expect with the genre but really , this one is ridiculous.It takes forever to get started and almost half the movie goes by before you get any blood and excitement . I was so bored but kept watching because I paid my three bucks to rent it.You ca n't try to interject meaningful backstory into a mindless violent horror film . You can either be clever and meaningful or accept that you are just violent and gorey and run with it . This movie does n't do either well . I 'm not sure what made this version `` unrated '' as it probably had less gore , cussing and no nudity but it got me to watch it so maybe it 's all in the marketing , haha.I do n't want to give away any spoilers so I 'll leave it at this -- I love scary and gross movies and this was a huge let down . I spent most of the movie being BORED which is a clear sign it missed it 's mark .
 All you will find is no script , most of the cast getting killed , and really gross effects.Like I said , STUPID .
 This movie was only slightly better than your basic horror cliche ; the nuclear testing/mutant premise seemed promising , but all the main characters were stupid/annoying . Seemingly to make up for the lack of interesting characters , the script-writers/director threw in lots of unnecessary gore . For the most part , though , the special effects were at least well-done ; however , a few of the effects were somewhat misguided . For instance , blood on bodies that have been sitting out for awhile in the hot desert is red ; would n't it dry to brown very shortly in that kind of heat ?? Acting was mediocre . I 've never seen the original , so I can not say whether this is better or worse . The movie is not for the faint-of-heart simply because of the gore , but it definitely was n't very scary . Two stars .
 I was really excited to see this film , however I turned it off after an hour because I was so angry . Not only did this movie tick me off , it made me want a refund for my rental because it was so utterly stupid ! The director did a great job making you cheer for certain characters , only to find them dead within 10 minutes of the beginning ... . the characters you hate are the ones who actually survive more than 20 minutes into the film . Do n't waste your time or your money ...
 The title of this review is almost enough for a whole review . This is a remake of a 1977 film of the same name by Wes Craven . It was a gore-fest-crazy-people slasher then and is now . This movie 's story revovles around a group of radioactive mutant people who kill families and take what they need to continue the crazy exsistance of living in the way-out desert . The plot is n't great and neither is the movie . The only reason I gave this movie 2 stars is because Emilie De Ravin from Lost is one of the poor actors who were dupped into thinking this was a good career move . Emilie plays a young mother in this movie , not a far cry from her Lost role , but she is wonderfull none the less . Of course my views of her skill may be skewed by the fact I think she is beautiful and she reminds me of a past girlfriend of mine , but I digress . This is an awfull flick and should only be purchased after the price drops to 4.99 or so . Make sure when/if you do buy it , you get right here on Amazon !
 This film is lackluster and often unintentionally comical . Eddie Murphy is the Johnny Appleseed of handguns is this film . He uses a clip , tosses the weapon , uses a clip , tosses the weapon over and over and over again . San Francisco PD could solve their armed street crime problem easily if they would just get Murphy off the streets . He litters the streets with enough guns to arm a small army . Too much gun play , not enough consideration for a quality script . Give this picture a miss .
 This is one of those `` Flavor of the Month '' flicks . It does good in the box-office and at the video store but there 's nothing more to it . I found myself bored on the second viewing . It 's like the movie `` Bad Boys '' it just had stars that you wanted to see but the plot was rather dull and predictable . I recommend `` Rush Hour '' if you want fast paced action and laughs .
 This is the kind of boring , by-the-numbers kind of movie that you find yourself forgetting even as you are watching it . Eddie Murphy has n't made any good movies in years -LRB- unless you count his voiceover in Shrek -RRB- and is still living off his reputation from Saturday Night Live and 48 Hours and those were a LONG time ago.Basically , a `` This Time It 's Personal ! '' thriller about a hostage negotiator who turns homicide detective -- breaking all the ... uh ... rules , pissing off his boss , etc. -- when his partner is killed by a master jewel thief -LRB- Michael Wincott -RRB- . There is a hint of something interesting -LRB- maybe in an earlier draft of the script ? -RRB- when the jewel thief is initially introduced as a kind of gentleman crook , a mild-mannered jazz buff and for about five minutes you think that maybe something clever and sophisticated will develop here . But the thief quickly metamorphized into a psychotic killer who stages his theft as an ordinary smash-and-grab event with lots of carnage and hostages taken . -LRB- Think about how STUPID this is , to draw this kind of attention to your crime and how it just about ensures you will not make a clean getaway and that the police will pursue you endlessly . -RRB- After the thief is captured , he makes an improbable escape and goes after Murphy 's beautiful girlfriend , although there is not the slightest way he could have known who Murphy was dating , let alone where she lived . A dumb , silly plot device and one that has been used and used and used , especially on TV , so it 's REALLY tired in a big budget film.Similarly , hints that Murphy 's character has a gambling problem and money problems are presented and then disappear as if they also belonged to earlier -LRB- and better -RRB- drafts of the script.Trust me , you will forget this one even before your VCR finishes rewinding . A COMPLETE waste of an otherwise talented cast . You wo n't miss missing this one .
 This film had potential , but the storyline collapses and really leaves the audience disappointed . First , let me start with the background music . Music plays an important role in a film . The quirky instrumental that continually played throughout the film set a bad tone . I was n't sure if I was supposed to be watching a thriller or a comedy . Turns out I was watching neither . The film lacked any sort of thrills or edge of the seat terror . The drama was at a minimum , and the few comedic moments fall flat . If you 're watching this for Hayden , you 'll be disappointed . She does n't have alot of dialogue . If its Tim Daly you want , well , his character is a total bore . Overall , the reveal at the end is a let down . The film is only 77 minutes long , but I still felt I 've been cheated precious moments of my life .
 This had good potential but it just fell flat . At one point you 're watching her pour juice like it is some big to-do . Tim Daly is just weird and creepy . Hayden does n't make much of an appearance throughout and you never understand why the fascination . Terrible .
 I just rented this movie and when I saw the cover of it featuring Tim Daly and Hayden Panetierre and the word THRILLER on it , I figured it was some sort of horror movie or some big drama movie . When you watch the beginning of it , it seemed like it would be a pretty good movie . The movie basically takes place in a small town environment . Tim Daly , playing a history professor , appears to be very poor and very unpopular , not only to students but also to the faculty members . Hayden Panetierre plays a high school student , but there 's really no interaction between them until Tim Daly 's character sees Hayden 's character in a cheerleader outfit on tv when she 's helping her father advertise for the dealership . Later Daly 's character is checking out Hayden 's ass when class is over . So at this point I thought it was going to be a horror film because the teacher is obsessed with her . At first it seems to be a sexual obsession , but throughout the movie , however , the viewer never really understands the obsession Later , Hayden 's character gets kidnapped so now it has the feeling that it 's going to be a mystery type movie and it leaves the casual viewer the question of `` who kidnapped her ? And why ? '' And honestly , the rest of the story just got weird and odd and leaves the viewer uninteresting . While I do think there was some good character development of Palmer -LRB- Hayden 's character 's father -RRB- being a selfish prick that basically used the kidnapping to help with the marketing of his business and later there is some justice for his crimes in the movie , that 's about it . The worst scene in the film was Hayden 's ex boyfriend in the movie dresses up like the kidnapper , but when Tim Daly 's character finds out who he is and the boyfriend admits he was n't the kidnapper and gets shot by Hayden 's father , what was the point of that scene ?! The father never even approaches the kidnapper , so why shoot him ? I wo n't spoil the ending on who was behind the kidnapping , but it really just made me question the sense it makes . I believe the climax of the movie was for there to be some justice over the father , but it was a very , very odd way to achieve it . In addition , it does n't really make sense of the other events in the movie either.the positives : Acting was pretty goodHayden looked really sexyNegatives : The story had a few swerves and then it crashed off the side of the roadThis was n't a thriller by any meansNot enough HaydenEnding made no sense for those of us used to a common sense ending , or at least if you give the audience a swerve , it 's in the right direction.The scene with the boyfriend dressing up in exactly the kidnapper 's attire and not being remotely related in any way to the kidnapping was extremely pointless and a waste.Daly 's obsession with Hayden 's character is never really explained and if it is , then fill me in because I could not see it.There were definitely a ton of good directions they could 've taken this movie that would 've been better than the course they took.Overall grade
 Okay , so I ordered this DVD . It arrived in great condition.It distinctly says this DVD is `` English captioned '' on the back . I tried to watch it and could n't . Why?Because yet again , the captions were NOT on the DVD.So , yet again , I have had to apply in order to get another refund.It really annoys me that some companies do not seem to be aware of what is needed to show the captions and do notinstall a menu option for switching the captions on or just do n't bother putting them on.This makes me appreciate the hard work that some DVD companies do in order to make sure their DVDs arecaptioned properly .
 This movie is very lame . Horrible script , horrible writing and horrible acting . Who wrote this thing ? It 's so corny , and I do NOT mean that in a good or funny way . The only redeeming quality is boobs right ? Well , then they should have at least had some hotter girls with better boobs . The opening scene in the locker room is probably the highlight of the movie and it goes downhill from there .
 As you could probably tell from the title , this is a pretty simplistic film . The basic plot is a group of 5 ladies going to `` Band Nationals '' in Florida have their bus break down and run into a town that celebrates wild and raunchy spring break antics.This movie aspires to such heights of other teen sex comedies as `` American Pie '' or even back to `` Porky 's . '' However , though there are some chuckles , the film really is n't all that funny . You will get some gratuitous nudity , but if you have any interest in anything other than that , you will likely be disappointed in this one .
 This movie is called bikini spring break , so you pretty much know what 's coming . Do n't expect any substantial plot or good acting . Actually you 'll probably end up more annoyed with how much time is spent developing such a weak and stupid plot.I 'll say one thing , this movie had to have been the quickest to bare breasts of any movie I 've ever seen . Maybe took ten seconds after hitting play for it to get started . Also it might be the most breasts I 've ever seen in a movie but that does n't mean much , this is the first movie like his I 've ever wasted my time on.For being a movie basically themed around nudity and sex , there is a notable absence or sex and really uninspiring nudity . The leading women in this movie are mostly average and two are ugly -LRB- imo -RRB- . In fact there are at least three other girls featured in the movie for very short segments who are WAY better looking . They are Asian pole dancer , car wash girl , and wet t-shirt blond . It confuses me why they did n't have bigger roles , seeing as acting was n't really a key ingredient in this movie.Honestly do n't waste your time . This movie is maybe worth renting for the 30 seconds of a drop dead gorgeous pole dancer , but the amount of time you 'll waste if you actually watch it is just irreconcilable . If you 're into this sort of thing there 's a lot of free porn on the internet which will give you a lot more than this and probably have much more interesting plots .
 THIS IS THE WORSE MESS I HAVE EVER SEEN . A bunch of friends 20s , smoking weed and their life away , saying , doing silly stuff , in fantasy land about Natalie Portman , whoever that is ... and just spacing out , and all with girlfriend problems . STUPID , STUPID . I WISH I COULD GET MY MONEY BACK.This movie should have never been made , and reviewers should write better reviews and tell the truth about these movies so we will know and make the right decision ` NOT TO BUY IT ' . I had to fast forward 8-10 times in a 1:45 min . movie , just to get pass the stupid junk . Minutes of film time wasted on just stupid stuff being repeated by one of the dope heads . They are all dope heads.There was only a several brief moments of real movie script that you can consider decent . A good plot that was destroyed by all the junk written into the script . In the end they all ended up with new girlfriends , but they all were still a mess.I thought this was golng to be like Brothers and The Hood with Morris Chestnet . THIS WAS AWFUL . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY . I gave it a 1 , but wished I could have given it a FAT ZERO 0 .
 There is no plot . The actors ca n't act . And the women are fat or old or ugly or all three . The only cute one gets offed early in the film for no apparent reason . She 's in a bikini in a hammock , bad dude walks up puts his hand over her mouth , bad dudette whips out a knife and rips her gut open . Why ? No clue . When they get to the house , the first woman bad dude rapes could be his grandmother . Huh ? As for the effects , I have two words
 This movie was so bad I could n't bear to watch more than 10 minutes of it . It was a major disappointment and a waste of money to rent .
 Do n't be fooled by the `` Unrated Director 's Cut '' in the title ... this piece of trash , which has the appearance of a home video , was obviously made without direction , writing , editing , acting talent , or even 20 dollars in the budget . Gory ? Half the budget was spent on Cherry Kool-aid to simulate blood . Nothing in this movie -- not one second of it -- is the least bit entertaining , convincing , realistic or worthwhile . We are supposed to believe that because the female victims of a group of male prison escapees who invade their domestic abuse shelter inevitably turn the tables on their tormentors , the film somehow makes a `` statement '' . Here 's a better statement -- do n't waste your time or money on this cheap , insulting drivel .
 This movie was a waste of film . The plot was non-existant , dialog not more than a constant stream of profanities , and I 've seen better effects at a pre-school play . Run from this turkey !!!
 This movie is total trash . The cover is misleading , this movie was not graphic , I have seen worse in r rated movies . The acting was bad . The violence and so called sexual acts were a joke . Do n't waste money on this movie , it is not worth 2 cents .
 turned it off half way ... thought it might be good ... it 's not ... very secular view . . not for christians ... wish i didnt waste my money .
 From title I thought would see some great photography from an airplane or balloon . Instead you get a French environmental film spoken in French with English subtitles . I watch many environmental films , but David Attenborough is much , much better than this series .
 Warner Bros decided to reissue this film and it is still Pan/Scan ! We still do n't have a Widescreen version of this film ! I guess this one is one for the bargin bins of Wal-Mart !
 Disappointing adaptation of Lawrence Sanders ' breakthrough bestseller squashes the story down to an under-two-hour format , leaching out the characterizations and offering only a few bare facts . The result is a flat , tepid thriller without much suspense.In his final dramatic film role , Sinatra shows why he was so highly regarded as a screen performer . Despite a poor script and limp direction , his charisma is sufficient to make this watchable . He conveys genuine emotion and makes it possible for us to empathize with an underwritten character.Faye Dunaway , unfortunately , is limited to a few scenes , all of which take place in a hospital bed , as she plays Sinatra 's dying wife . In the novel , Mrs. Delaney 's scenes served as a poignant counterpoint to his search for the killer . He discusses the case with her , sharing all the details , and Sanders paints a powerful portrait of a cop who defeats the killer , but it powerless against the disease that is killing his wife . In the movie this does not come off at all , and viewers not familiar with the book may wonder why these scenes were included.The DVD is a bare bones , full-screen transfer , with no extras.Sinatra fans may enjoy this film , but I 'd recommend reading Sanders ' novel instead if you 're looking for a gripping hunt-for-the-killer mystery .
 Sinatra 's last starring role in an adaptation of Lawrence Sanders ' landmark novel holds some nostalgic sway over some of us , but all in all simply is n't very good . Frank has some effective moments and there 's about 20 minutes of good cat-and-mouse with the killer towards the end , but otherwise everything 's pretty tame and dull . The labored and drawn-out scenes of Faye on her deathbed are n't bad enough to be camp , but they come pretty close . Additionally , the lame full-screen presentation on this DVD makes this look more like a TV movie than a feature .
 I think Frank Sinatra was a fine actor , better than he was given credit for . But here he just looks plain tired , and sleepwalks his way through the part . Not that it matters - the script is dreadful , silly , and boring . Do n't waste your time .
 Sinatra was almost picked to be Dirty Harry instead of Clint Eastwood . If he had then he would n't have been doing movies like this semi-bomb . However , it 's worth a look to see Sinatra 's last flick . Not too terribly bad .
 This is a beautifully filmed and well acted waste of time . The problem is with the script
 I gave this movie every chance , but the story is slow , the acting is liveless -LRB- Ameche is the only one half-waydecent -RRB- , and the story turns out pointless . The ending does n'treally make any sense or have any impact , and the vaguenessand indirection that is usually explained at some later pointin Mamet 's films is never clarified here.Only watch if you 're a die-hard Mamet fan so you can say at a dinner party , `` Yes , I saw that one , and I agree it was bad '' .
 I liked Mamet 's `` House of Games '' very much . Nice little twists , interesting story , good actors . Good film . So I was really looking forward to `` Things Change '' . All the critics seemed to love it . Unfortunately , it suffers from being ... well , frankly ... boring.The characters are well-defined and the acting is good , but the story lags dreadfully . I 'm sorry , but there are too many moments in the film where the characters stop and gape slack-jawed in amazement at the activities they 've just witnessed . We the audience are supposed to be amazed , too , I suppose ... but the problem is ; we 're not . We 're not amazed , we 're not shocked , we 're not even particularly interested , and it 's hard to understand why the people on the screen are.Except maybe they 're beginning to realize that there are so many silly holes in this plot , they 're desperately trying to remember their manager 's phone number so they can call to scream at him for suggesting they take on this project in the first place .
 This movie did nothing for me . It was slow , dull & uninteresting . And definitely NOT FUNNY .
 Joe Mantegna and Don Ameche star in this drama / thriller / comedy directed by the overrated David Mamet . Like most Mamet movies , `` Things Change '' tries to clever , unusual and oh-so-surprising , but unfortunately the overall effort is nothing more than a dull , tedious and uninspired achievement . The acting is alright and the direction competent enough , yet the plot just drags endlessly and fails to present a memorable and remarkable moment . The last ten minutes are somewhat interesting and present enough dramatic tension , still that does n`t make for the boring hour that precedes it . `` Things Change '' has little or nothing going for it , delivering an intantly forgettable cinematic experience.There are more compelling things around .
 * Plot/ending analyzed * After reading so many positive reviews of this film , I went through an extensive search in an attempt to find this rare film , well , suffice it to say , it was a complete waste of time . This boring rarity , should have never seen the light of day , it is a terrible film which attempts to classify itself as a `` horror '' or `` zombie film '' . It takes one hour for us to even see any zombies in the film and when we do , they are so slow and boring , that we do n't even care . The zombies are of the typical variety , very dim-witted and slow and yet at other times they use their own blood to invent other zombies , pick a door open with a key , throw a headstone at a policeman , etc , etc.The lead actor is played by a moronic hippie who only whines instead of actually killing any of the zombies , if he were as tough with action as he was with words , then this mess would have ended a lot quicker but no one believes that there are any zombies . It 's a premise that could have been very interesting if the director could have created a viable story that did n't bore us to death . The washed up , drunk-o actor Arthur Kennedy -LRB- from `` Lawrence of Arabia '' fame - he was the journalist who remarks on Lawrence 's annihilation of a Turkish rearguard by saying his memorable line
 I do n't get it . I read the reviews and order the movie if it sounds interesting . This one sounded like a new/old classic -LRB- old movie , new to me -RRB- and I ordered it eagerly based on the reviews.People , this movie was awful . Even the gore was n't good . The violence was n't real . I felt like the entire movie was a prelude showing pre-credits except that it last 1.5 hours . Not good . Do n't waste your money or time.Last , to Anchor Bay , quit buying bad horror movies and issuing them in tin boxes . Buy good horror movies and ship them any old way and you 'll have me as a customer for life .
 This movie started off ok but 50 mintutes into it your waiting for something to happen and when you do see the zombies you just dont care anymore it has some good atmosphere but moves at a turtles pace it was just an ok zombie movie buy it with the Fright pack mayb youll like it but I didnt . . To sum this up I dont think its a zombie classic just a boring movie .
 Let me say first , that I LOVE horror films , especially zombie horror films.I love Romero 's first three films , Fulci 's ` Zombie ' , as well as a host of other great zombie films.But this is n't one of them.I 'd never even heard of this movie before , but I 'm deployed overseas and bored with some unexpected downtime , and whilst I was ordering a copy of ` Dawn ' I saw this recommended and took a chance . Now I regret it . The whole thing sucks . The acting is horrible , the writing is horrible , the directing is horrible , and the story just sucks . The zombies are so lame . They just strangle people and maybe eat them later . What the zombies did or did n't do seemed to be decided on a whim as the movie was filmed rather than having a script . Oh , and the explanation for zombies is insipid ; they 're activated by a machine that eminates vibrations to annoy bugs that accidentally also wakes up the dead . Stupid . And the scene in the graveyard where the one zombie anoints the eyelids of the other corpses to re-animate them is the stupidest thing ever . Do n't waste a cent on this crap movie , no matter what you do . There 's a reason why you 've probably never heard of this movie before . It 's a forgotten film for the same reason why rape victims try to forget their experiences .
 This movie 's only real high point is the last 10 minutes or so . For the most part , it `` tries '' to be a `` real '' movie by holding off the major zombie scenes until near the end and throwing in an investigation plot -LRB- whiich totally blow -RRB- . While the make-up and gore are pretty good , I would say rent it first before buying it -LRB- mind you . I am a hardcore zombie movie fan , so I bought it anyway -RRB- .
 OK , some serious hype needs to be deflated here , lest any zombie flick fan waste their hard-earned cash . First and foremost
 This film starts out okay but quickly turns boring as a drug investigation starts unfolding , it is not until half of the movie has already gone by , that the zombies finally appear , the result is a tedious film that is completely predictable with mediocre acting , a silly script and not very much to recommend it .
 I was not familiar with this film until recently , when I viewed it under the title ` The Living Dead at Manchester Morgue ' , which I 'll bet carries considerably more weight for our British friends across the Pond . It looked like yet another ` infamous ' Italian horror film , so I settled in prepared for a freak show and a good time . I have to agree with one reviewer who noted the film is simply not worthy of the hype , not at all . There are some things going for it , namely some of the atmosphere , the English setting and location shooting and a little bit of zombie action.I want to say there 's something more to the whole story -- that fancy new insecticide technology is inadvertently causing the dead to get up and walk about the English countryside -- but I do n't think it 's there . Perhaps a comment on the farming industry in the UK ? Methinks I 'm thinking too much.However , the film does a great job of nearly talking itself to death for a good forty minutes or so . And when we do get some zombie action , it 's nothing great . Some very sick looking people with sub-par makeup waddle around before chewing on what look like sweet-meats from the local butcher , ` grossing ' us out . Our protagonist , a ` strong , silent type ' in a leather jacket with a commanding attitude -LRB- the early scenes in the gas station are plain funny in a badly dubbed -LRB- or seems-like-dubbed -RRB- clumsiness . The director gives us an amusing introduction , hoping we do n't have a good time watching the film , presumably because it 's supposed to disturb us but actually does much worse
 The only thing that distinguishes this mess of a movie from Ed Wood 's amateurish flicks is the sporadically better cinematography ... Story line is only marginally interesting with clumsy dialogue , inept pacing , and plot credibility holes you could drive a 13 Spd , 450 Hp , 17 ton Peterbilt flatbed through ... with room to spare . Also lots of shameless steals from George Romero
 Let Sleeping Corpses Lie -LRB- Jorge Grau , 1974 -RRB- I have an ear for dialogue reminiscent of Beethoven during his last days . And I know it . So when I say I could write a better script than that of an actual movie , trust me , that 's not meant as a compliment.Let Sleeping Corpses Lie -LRB- aka The Living Dead at the Manchester Morgue -RRB- has one of the worst scripts ever written . I kid you not . It 's horribly , horribly unintentionally funny . Not that it had much to build on , with the premise of the film being that the dead are returning to life thanks to sonic radiation . But really , some incredibly stupid scripts have been given the royal treatment and resulted in some surprisingly good movies . Let Sleeping Corpses Lie is not one of those movies.George -LRB- Ray Lovelock , recently seen in the long-running TV series Incantesimo -RRB- is an antiques dealer who 's just bought a house in the country . While stopped for gas , his bike is run over by young , beautiful Edna -LRB- Cristina Galbo of Riot in a Women 's Prison fame -RRB- , who just happens to be headed the same way . The two of them immediately come under suspicion from the local police sergeant -LRB- western movie staple Arthur Kennedy , who turned to making bad horror after 1960 ; his presence alone should tip you off to the quality of this film -RRB- after George tries to run scientists killing bugs with sonic radiation off his land and Edna claims to have been attacked by a man whose description fits a bum who dies a week previous . Well , needless to say , despite George 's memorable warning that `` the dead only walk in very bad paperback novels , love , '' nothing could be further from the truth . -LRB- The living dead do n't actually get to the Manchester morgue until very late in the film , but do n't let that stop you . -RRB- The first half of this ninety-two minute dog is spent building up the characters , except they 're all one-dimensional stereotypes , so there 's not much to build up . The second half is spent with various characters trying to avoid the clutches of zombies in various dark places . And when I say dark , I mean dark like `` makes David Fincher films look like Sunday in the Park with George '' dark , as in you ca n't bloody well see anything dark . Which , actually , may be a good point , since what you can see when the camera has a bit of light to work with is so thoroughly uninspiring.It 's actually sillier than Tombs of the Blind Dead . The only reason it 's not getting zero stars is because it 's marginally better than The Day After Tomorrow . *
 I LOVE zombie movies , and , I do n't really expect a lot from them ... really , to be fair , as generally , they go more for the gore , than any real plot/acting/etc . . This one , however , was a BIG let-down . It starst out ok , you have the typical government/scientific experiment goes awry and brings back the dead thing going on.The acting , really is n't that bad either.The biggest problem that I had with this one , is that it drags on entirely too long!There is some gore , including a good hospital morgue scene ... but , the movie could have been paced faster and over a good 30 minutes sooner.Not the worst I 've seen , but , DEFINATELY not the best ... save your money , rent this one if you can , instead !
 They left out several season -LSB- 4 -RSB- episodes . There was no writers strike making it necessary to include half of the episodes this time . Whoever thought that that the CUSTOMERS would tolerate this sure SHOT -LSB- himself or herself -RSB- in the foot . I wo n't be buying any more EUREKA CDs !
 I pre-paid to get a good price . I paid over $ 38.00 . NOW it 's selling for $ 19 . That 's because there are only 5 episodes .
 I am very disappointed in Eureka 's publisher . They bill their two disc release as Season 4 with only five of the ten episodes on the discs.Disc 1
 Seasons 1 through 3 were quite entertaining , so what happened to season 4 ? The writing is poorer , the acting is poorer , the directing is poorer , the cinamatography is poorer , ... Well , you get the idea . Each episode presents the viewer with a significant step backward well past mediocrity . By the time we reach the second `` Christmas Special , '' complete with its horrendous special effects and multiple forms of poorly executed animation , I felt like I had received a complete frontal lobotomy .
 uMy family loved Eureka , we watched it every night . Then along comes season four , season for has a new writer . No longer is it children friendly and quite frankly I found it cheap and corny . All of the charictures talk and act like they are four year-olds . That old laughy Eureka spirit is gone . The new writer should just stop , bring back the old.Love the show up until season four .
 When I ordered I thot the Ad said the Christmas episode would be included - same on Wharehouse 13 - But neither one is included nor can I find this episode as a single DVD in shopping-what happened . ? I agree with not finding the menu friendly or more extras or that the price started high and is now much less with much less . . the first seasons dvds were the best . . The other lost scene is the cast singing an ad for the 2nd season - really great but they do n't include in the dvd set . I 'm addicted and hope the writers keep up the brilliant ideas , just let us be able to watch all you put on SYFY in the first place .
 While I love Eureka and was happy with what I saw I feel very cheated that I only received 1/2 a season . Not only that but I ca n't even find 4.5 for sale !
 In season 4 , the central cast members travel back and forth in time to return to a Eureka that has been altered due to their time travel . The characters have to figure out what has changed while at the same time trying to function in their new lives . It 's obvious that the producers of the show used this time travel twist to re-envision the characters and breathe fresh life into the show . Instead , they ensured the show 's demise . The time travel twist is just plain lazy , and week after week it is increasingly irritating to watch each character have to figure out what has changed from their original past . After the viewers invested three seasons in learning and loving the characters and the town , the show 's producers give the fans the middle finger with a stupid time travel twist . The show easily gets 4-5 stars for the first three seasons . However , it is generous to give season 4 even two stars .
 I had planned to order the entire eureka series , but cancelled the while thing . I refuse to support the 1/2 season scheme . Will wait until the complete collection or will just watch on-line .
 When I purchased this DVD I understood that this was Season 4 - complete . Nowhere did I see a Season 4.5 . But even putting that aside , the DVD I purchased only has six episodes and two of those are the same episode with one being expanded . Twenty dollars for a DVD that was sold as `` Season 4 , '' and it is missing episodes # 3 and # 4 -- I had to purchase them on iTunes . No where in your ad does it say it is missing episodes . Had I known , I would have purchased the entire season from iTunes . I am extremely disappointed in this purchase . I have never had to say that in the past over any Amazon purchase .
 Good gawd ! This episode was simply AWFUL . I really do love this show but the writers have seriously driven this clever show off a steep cliff ! Makes me wonder if JJ Abrams was secretly writing the last four episodes since that 's when , in my humble opinion , the writing started to painfully suffer and spiral . What happened ??! Oh well , EUREKA has indeed finally run its course . I will miss Carter , Allison , Joe , Henry , Fargo and the rest of the gang . Sad to see this show go out on such a poorly written sour note .
 If you 're hoping to catch up to the series that began on 7/11/2011 , you will be very disapointed . The last 3 episode that tie up last season to this are missing . Does n't make a lot of sense . Love the show though ...
 I was very dissapointed in this product . I love the show Eureka , but when I received the series , it only contained 2 discs , with 3 missing episodes in the middle . I tried to contact amazon to get the problem resolved and got nowhere . The series has episodes 1 , 2 , 3 , missing 4 , 5 , 6 , and has 7 and 8 . I wish I would have known and I would not have purchased this product . I feel like I just wasted 20 bucks . I sincerely hope that Amazon looks into the problem , I am sure I am not the only one who received a faulty set .
 First episode of the 4th season is worth watching but after that dont like what this show became . First season is much better if not their best work .
 Many of the reviews state that this set is incomplete . It 's not , but the title menu setup is terrible . When I first watched the set , I thought - like most reviewers - that there were only three episodes on the first disc -LRB- the first episode plus an extended version of the first episode , as well as episode two -RRB- . From there , I moved on to the second disc , which contained only three episodes at first glance . So I watched those three after the first disc . Great ? Not great . As it turns out , there were two more episodes on the first disc that you can access by either a -RRB- watching `` Play All '' rather than going to the episode index or b -RRB- finding the right arrow next to the first three episodes on the index that will take you to the remaining episodes on the disc . The arrow is not at all obvious against the photo image background of the episode index , as evidenced by the fact that most of us seem to have missed it . Now I 'm forced to go back and watch the episodes out of order even though I know what happens in later episodes from Disc 2 , which stinks . I would give the season a 4 or 5 , but am rating the overall DVD a two for it 's terrible design .
 I love Eureka and have been watching it for awhile so when I saw that the season 4 was available I had to get it . However , nothing was stated on the packaging that only nine episodes of the season was available on the discs . I do n't mine paying the price but I would be better if it was put out in the details that only episodes 1-9 would be purchased .
 Love the show and this was a great season of the show ... BUT I hate this new fad where they only come out with 1/2 the season making me buy 2 volumes for 1 season .
 The first hour of the show developed on these youngsters who become criminals . I found the first 70 minutes of the movie kind of boring , and I had a very hard time keeping my attention on the movie . I yawned two times . I could not feel sorry for these characters because , simply , put , as the saying goes , `` If you ca n't do the time , do n't do the crime . . '' This one criminal woman was behind bars crying hysterically when she learned her baby is going to be taken away to foster homes . Well , what do you expect when mom is a crack addict -- it made me think she should have thought about that before using illicit drugs . They all offend against society and then cry the blues when they get caught . Oookay where is the tear jerking scene?It makes you more aware that many young people who are irresponsible living for pleasures of the flesh and quick sensations are having babies left and right which will be supported by our tax dollars , that we live in a society that is so dysfunctional . MULTITUDES and multitudes of such youngsters are doing the same thing -- popping out babies having irresponsible relations because it feels good , hense
 The other reviews of this DVD MUST have been from people who worked on it or invested in it and are trying to recoup money or elevate their own fame . This is NOT , I REPEAT , NOT any type of T&A ; movie . If you compress all of the topless scenes in the movie you might end up with 60 seconds total . There 's no full frontal nudity . The movie is completely retarded and unfunny . The only reason I gave it one star is for the babe who plays topless racquet ball -LRB- for about 20 seconds -RRB- BEFORE the actual movie starts . The story is tired and cliche 'd
 One of the worst movies I 've ever seen . The acting is terrible and the script is even worse . I did not laugh one time the entire film . The only reason I did not stop watching is because the women are n't bad looking .
 I am very frustrated with the downloads of tv shows . This one did not download at all . How can you remedy this situation and make it right ?
 I have not read the books , so I do n't know if it is just awful material to work with , or an amateur job on the film , but it is a complete waste of time .
 Ok . So I 'm the lone descenting reviewer . The one saying - What movie are these other guys talking about . But these are the facts
 I loved this movie ! Great B-Movie fun with a great cast and then it got to the ending , and it was ruined by a cliffhanger ending . I listened to the commentary at the end of the film and the director talks about the ending he was going to do and should have done , then goes on to say he hates how directors end films hoping for a sequel and that 's what he does , but worst of all , ends with a cliffhanger . This film would have been so much better if it had a real ending !!
 NEVER HEARD OF THIS MOVIE BEFORE UNTIL I SEEN IT AT A FRIENDS HOUSE . HAD TO HAVE MY OWN COPY FOR MY MOVIE COLLECTION . THIS MOVIE IS ENTERTAINING , FUNNY AND A LITTLE CREEPY IN SOME PARTS .
 This movie was terrible . Everyone on this board who gave this film a positive review must have been paid by the makers or involved in the movie somehow . I rented this film with very low expectations . It being such a low budget film , I only anticipated a good story ... . but was disappointed . The story is terrible . The acting is terrible . The effects are terrible.The biggest disappointment was the story . I get ignore everything else if the story at least made sense . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME ! I rented it for $ 1 and I want the time I wasted watching it more than the money !
 Version
 I just saw it tonight at a local dollar theater . It was awful , painful to sit through . And I actually like Adam Sandler in other movies such as Do n't Mess with the Zohan .
 I was looking forward to watching this movie as was my kid . I mean it had a great storyline , and the trailers looked good , but thats about it for the good stuff . I thought the character Sandler played was a boorish , rude and lazy person . I do n't see where it is funny for him to shut the door in a womans face -LRB- twice -RRB- when she is being nice to him and talking to him . Yeah , let 's teach our little boys to be rude . Sandler has to take care of his sister 's kids for a few days and he do so in a careless manner and expects others to pick up his slack . He was n't the type of character that you rooted for and had hope for . Of course , the movie writers make the pretty girl fall for him even though he has been nothing but rude to her . Ugh , disgusting . Yes , I realize it is a movie , but when the main character is n't endearing or funny , it is n't a fun movie to watch . The kids and supporting actresses were fine , so that was the only glimmer of light in the movie . What a waste of a potential good story . And Mr. Sandler , please learn what makes good humor , rudeness does n't .
 I think the product sent was technically defective . I could not watch it !!! It could not be opened.I would like to get a replacement or credit .
 This movie has a cute premise and , had it been better executed , could have been a very sweet and funny film . There were definitely moments in it that worked . Unfortunately , many of the jokes fell short and I was not invested enough in the characters to care too much about the plot . The worst part , however , was that the script resorted to using offensive racial caricatures in a poor attempt at humor . For me , that ruined the rest of the movie . I will not be showing this one to my kids .
 I expected this movie to be a lot better than it was , based on the previews and the premise . With a premise like that it could have been great . It really wasted the opportunity to be a great movie . I have to put at least part of that failure on Adam Sandler 's shoulders . His sarcastic and lowest common denominator attitude colored the whole movie in shades of bleah . But the writing was also lousy at times - in particular , the Bedtime Stories were pretty pathetically done . Would n't you think that in a movie called Bedtime Stories the stories would actually be fun , funny , or just plain good ? No , the stories were like lousy SNL skits . I realize that the kids were helping make the story , but their additions were not really the problem . Anyway , the plot of the actual story was also poorly done.My feeling is that this could have been a GREAT movie and instead ended up as just another fairly bad Adam Sandler type of movie . That said , there are some amusing moments , Keri Russell is divine as always , and Russell Brand was fairly funny . The kids did fine , although it would be nice to just one time see a boy in a movie who does n't have Little Kid Big Hair syndrome -LRB- pet peeve -RRB- . This is not a horrible movie . It 's a 2 star movie . Kids can watch it and be mildly amused , so can adults . But overall it was a big disappointment to me given what I thought it would and could be .
 I watched about half of this DVD last night . I was looking forward to seeing it , but was disappointed . It was boring , predictable , and a waste of time . Sandler 's character was obnoxious and not funny . All the characters were one dimensional . The only good thing to say about it is that the two children were very cute and sweet .
 I have never really cared enough to write a review , but this movie was so terrible , I decided to actually go out of my way and do so . The concept of Bedtime Stories was pretty original , but the execution was so predictable and awkward that it pains me to know that I paid money and spent 1 1/2 hours of my life which I will never get back.The only bright spot in this movie was Russell Brand , but even he could not save this movie from itself . If you 're an Adam Sandler fan , your time would be much better spent watching pretty much any other movie of his other than this one -LRB- even Little Nicky or Mr Deeds -RRB- .
 We saw this movie at a beach resort . Thankfully I did not have to spend money on it!This movie did not appeal to either the adults or the kids watching it!Two of my kids -LRB- 7 and 9 -RRB- actually wanted to leave to go up to bed , rather than watch the movie ! The next day , they both said that it was boring .
 Mr Sandler was n't a very good actor , and the writers did a very poor job on the script . It was a waste of time watching it .
 I ordered the movie on November 2 and its December 5th and i still DONT have the DVD . i dont know what it is , but i will never use this person again to buy items from . Thats the nicest of a review i could give without being rude .
 I do n't really think of Adam Sandler as a polarizing creature , but the prevailing sense seems to be that you 're either in his camp or you 're not , either you 're entertained by his low brow , mush-mouth humor , or you 're not . For me , it comes and goes . I 've liked stuff of his in the past , really enjoyedThe Wedding Singer - Totally Awesome Edition , The Waterboy , Big Daddy,Punch-Drunk Love -LRB- Single Disc Edition -RRB- and50 First Dates -LRB- Widescreen Special Edition -RRB- . But I 've also cringed at LITTLE NICKY , MR. DEEDS , ANGER MANAGEMENT and now this one , BEDTIME STORIES . I had hopes for this one.The cool premise is what drew me in . Adam Sandler plays yet another lovable underdog loser . Here , he is Skeeter Bronson , a lowly , ill-treated maintenance man toiling at the posh high-rise Sunny Vista Nottingham Hotel , which years ago used to be his pappy 's humble hotel , before all the fancy remodelings . Skeeter visits his travel-bound sister -LRB- Courtney Cox -RRB- and is talked into babysitting her little boy and girl for a week.His sister is one of those uptight broads who does n't own a TV and reads to her kids from books like `` Rainbow Alligator Saves the Wetlands '' and `` The Organic Squirrel Gets A Bike Helmet . '' Skeeter has n't seen these kids in four years , what with the brother-in-law harboring a hate on for him , so there 's some awkwardness in the air . Sis has banned TV and video games for her kids and feeds them crappalicious health foods . As a last recourse Skeeter begins to regale the children with his own invented bedtime stories - these tailored around his hapless life experiences - only to be startled when his fairy tales take on life and begin to impact his everyday reality . This being an Adam Sandler character , thoughts on how to capitalize on this magical phenomenon soon crop up . This being a Disney flick , the movie audience feels secure in that Skeeter will soon turn a corner and become that guy who does the right thing.There 's a subplot concerning an elementary school about to be demolished to make way for a fancy mammoth hotel . What are the odds that Skeeter 's sister works at that school and that the projected hotel is actually a chain extension of the Sunny Vista Nottingham Hotel ? Subtle are the inner workings of a Sandler flick.Thing is , BEDTIME STORIES is one of the more kid-friendly flicks Sandler 's ever been in , so from that angle , I guess I recommend it for the tiny tots . I do think they 'll laugh themselves silly and , as usual with Disney , there are good family values to pick up on . However , the more sophisticated kids may turn their nose up at Sandler 's predictable sense of humor - or not . It all depends on if you like potty jokes , dwarves kicking you in the shin or snot monsters slobbering all over you . Sandler is more restrained and does tone down the raunchy stuff , to merit that PG rating . And who would 've thunk that I 'd feel sorry for a defanged Sandler ? And I guess , with the trend nowadays of injecting that hip , contemporary wink within all these fairy tale comedies , the film had to follow suit . But , unlike inEnchanted -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- , the SHREK flicks , and evenElla Enchanted -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- , the modern-day twists in the CG-heavy fairy tale sequences feel forced and unfunny , with Sandler 's laziness stampeding over the film 's few grace notes . And I could n't help but feel that the guinea pig with the disturbingly huge saucer eyes was put in mostly as a running go-to gag , so that , if the kids are n't laughing - well , hey , kids , look at the funny-looking guinea pig!Keri Russell comes in as Skeeter 's co-baby-sitter and projected love interest , although there is n't much spark between the two actors . Following a certain romantic cliche , Sandler and Russell 's characters are almost instantly at each other 's throats and for much of the film engage in antagonistic banter , leaving me feeling lukewarm . Guy Pearce is over-the-top as the prissy , conniving hotel manager , although he does get a thumbs up for that one song and dance routine . Old Xena Warrior Princess herself , Lucy Lawless , is unrecognizable and wasted as the snooty assistant who hangs her star to Pearce 's manager . Jonathan Pryce plays Skeeter 's dad and Pryce is instrumental in nicely setting up the story , but then he disappears once Sandler comes into the picture . Courtney Cox is also wasted and not much in the film.Also helping to sink the movie is that the fairy tale sequences come off as dull . There 's a lack of wit and charm , and , after a while , a mind-numbing repetitiveness as we see the cast time and again play characters in Skeeter 's self-absorbed fairy tale dramas . There 's a scene early on in which Skeeter 's cool dad states , `` Your fun is only limited by your imagination . '' If only the screenplay writers had heeded their own advice . As it is , when I hear another line in the movie , this time coming from Sandler - `` I 'm like the stink on your feet -- I 'll always be there . '' - I ca n't help but feel vaguely threatened.On one hand , I liked Skeeter 's ringtone , and I like that the flighty Paris Hilton type actually turns out to be an okay character . On the other hand , Rob Schneider makes his token appearance , and he 's never been more unwelcome.Maybe I 've been too hard on INKHEART .
 The DVD paused several times , stuttered and I was worried that it would n't make it to the end .
 SPOILERS ! Did the filming of this movie actually help any of the children profiled in the film ? It seems as if the film was made primarily for its sensational topic but in the end the children , on a whole , did not benefit from the movie . If they did end up in a better place a year later it had nothing to do with the director 's help . I also found it outragious that a film crew would allow a ten year old girl to be severly beaten for the sake of the message of the film . The girl could have been permanently damaged or even killed but the camera kept rolling . At that point in the film I felt that achieving realism in the film was not worth having young children get hurt . It is now over ten years later and the director seems to have gone on to other topics . I was waiting at the end of the film for the producers of the film to suggest how the audience could help these children and there was nothing . I was disappointed that so little was done to help these children and the thousands of others that were not shown . Yes , the film enlightened the viewer to the problem in Romania but , unlike other similar films , did nothing to suggest to the audience what we could do . Some may say that enlightening the world to this problem was enough but I disagree . I gave the film one star for this reason only . It should be watched as any film that can enlighten the movie viewer to important topics they may not know about but I felt the director was more interested in winning awards than solving problems .
 What a waste of money , it was really disappointing , not necessary with the subject , but with the presentation , directing , cinematography and the rest ...
 A film by Edet Belzberg `` Children Undergound '' was nominated for the Best Documentary Academy Award , and the subject of the film sounded fascinating . The former dictator of Romania , Nicolei Ceaucescu , outlawed the use of contraceptives and abortions in order to increase Romania 's workforce . This led to 20,000 children on the street as countless families were unable to cope , and afford the unplanned children . That is the premise of the film , as presented by the text that is on screen before the documentary actually begins , and it sounds like this will be a very interesting documentary . Unfortunately , that 's not the movie we see.The movie we get follows five Romanian kids -LRB- with ages ranging from 8 through the teenage years -RRB- as they live on the streets . We follow their lives , seeing where the sleep , how they get by , what they eat , where they go , and what they do . We watch them exist in a street gang which gives them a sense of family , and a sense of security and protection . We watch as nearly every kid huffs paint to get high , and we see some struggle to improve themselves and get off the street , despite the feeling that they are better off on the street than they are at home.One could make the case that these kids living on the street is a direct result of Ceaucescu 's policy regarding contraceptives and abortion and that these kids are representative of the 20,000 street children , and perhaps that is true . The problem is that the documentary does not try to make that case . The only connection with Ceaucescu 's policy is the text that preceded the film telling us that 20,000 kids are on the street because of the contraceptive policy . The film itself presents us with a different reality . With one exception , these kids are not orphans , they are runaways . One kid in particular had horrible parents , but that does not make him a victim of Ceaucescu 's policy . It just means that he felt that running away from home and living on the streets of Bucharest was a better alternative to living at home.That is the major flaw of the movie . The basic theme presented had little to do with the documentary itself . The only time there is any connection to the presented theme was very , very late in the movie when one of the parents says that she `` was better off under Ceaucescu '' . That 's it . That is the entire connection to the contraception policy.With that said , this is a powerful look into the lives of Bucharest 's street children . They live very rough lives and the addiction to huffing paint and drugs makes it even more difficult for them to ever really get off the street . If this was the theme of the film and this is what was presented up front , perhaps the film would have been stronger . Unfortunately we are presented with one idea for the documentary and given another in the film itself . `` Children Underground '' had the potential to be an excellent documentary . Besides the above stated complaint about the presentation of the topic , there is an issue with the structure of the film . Meaning , there is none . The documentary goes from subject to subject and place to place without any sort of purpose , or at least none that I could figure out . I know this is a foreign film , and perhaps the filmmaker had a different idea of what a documentary could and should be , but it was almost completely devoid of narration and just a little bit of narration could have given the film some structure . Otherwise , I just had a difficult time figuring out exactly what was going on and when scenes were happening in relation to the previous scene . There was a certain amount of power in the images on screen , but there was really nothing connecting them to a larger vision of the film . `` Children Underground '' should have been a great documentary , but it turned out to be disappointing .
 While a number of different southern -LRB- !? - Are West and Not West Virginia actually Southern ?! -RRB- shortlines , after a couple they all begin to resemble each other.The one part I did like , WAS IN THE VIRGINIA 's . It was a narrow gauge coal hauler . What was of greatest interest to me was the interaction between the engineer and the head brakeman . Even though having been filmed during the mid to late 50 's , I was shocked by the almost complete disreguard for personal safety.Switching moves , like the ` Flying Drop ' appeared to commonplace at nearly every railroad shortline visited . In one instance , the brakeman used his foot to ` Stomp ? ' the coupler pin into place . This may not sound like a big problem -- the brakeman usually will ride the footplate of a locomotive so that stomping downwards is easy -- but this guy was standing on the ground at the front of the car to be coupled . A small slip and maybe he just loses a leg.Perhaps you may find it more entertaining than I did.Either way - RENT IT FIRST ! - or better yet do n't ! Steam Shortlines of the South
 All I have to say about this is , if you were a group of four menaced by a group of two in a cabin , do n't you think you would stay and beat the snot out of them rather than panic and run into the dark woods ? The story CAN NOT get over this huge black hole of a plot crater , as far as I 'm concerned , and as it is slow enough before it gets to that point , the OK performances , OK script and OK horrors are n't enough to make you forget it .
 PROS
 Sam 's Lake is a real snore fest . Not gore fest , snore fest . I can appreciate the director trying to build atmospheric tension . In fact , I enjoy a slow buildup and chilling foreboding atmosphere in my horror movies . However , he does n't have the actors to pull it off . So what we are left with is a bunch of horrible actors smiling awkwardly at each other and lot of uncomfortable silence . Then finally , and mercifully the predictable and violent end occurs . And not a moment to soon .
 I 've seen many movies boost the `` OFFICAL SELECTION OF ... '' and then some well or lesser known festival title . It 's always a hit or miss when it comes to festival selections ; The English Patient and Ku Fu Panda were official selections , so movie quality based on the official selection title is purely subjective . The movie looks good but lacks a great script . I ca n't imagine many die hard horror fans loving this movie but as a horror buff I did n't enjoy it . I wish I fast forwarded through some of it but I give the moviemakers credit for effort .
 Just horrendous ! The soundtrack is so annoying and the acting is pure pathetic . It is the slowest moving so-called horror flick I 've ever seen ... from scene to scene . This lower than low budget abomination has no redeeming value . If you 're a horror fan - AVOID ! If you 're not a horror fan - AVOID ! SO bad ... gag ... gag ... gag .
 this is one of the worst movies i 've ever seen . it had the potential to be a good movie , but it just SUCKED . it was plain awful and i 'm sad i wasted an hour and half of my life watching it .
 Sam 's Lake -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is a suspense adventure that after a long wait , only provides a few minor thrills . Sam -LRB- Fay Masterson -RRB- hosts some friends at her cabin at Sam 's Lake , and along with local resident Jesse -LRB- William Gregory Lee -RRB- , spooks the group with the tale of a man who escaped from an institution , returned home to butcher his family , and then escaped into the woods . Visiting the abandoned house where the murders occurred , the group finds the killer 's hidden journal , which serves as a prelude to the mayhem to come , as soon members of the party are running for their lives in the woods.After a buildup that takes 55 minutes , the payoff is rather disappointing , as most of the violence is off-screen , or not very graphic . The hapless city folk , apparently without a cell phone between them , and the sense to keep running , do n't present much of a challenge for the thrill seeking killers . Fortunately for one victim -LRB- Sandrine Holt -RRB- , the hunters get their priorities crossed , enabling her to continue on.The chase begins at night , but there must be a very fierce full moon out , because the woods are pretty well lighted most of the time . Some might have trouble navigating in the woods without tripping , but it is remarkable how well these people are able to move freely without even a flashlight.Having a spiritual connection to family , is a recurring theme . This is a little twisted , considering the dysfunctional family found here . The killers are in tune with nature , as they frequently lift their noses to the wind , and take a big sniff to get on the trail of their prey . Something does definitely smell here.With other more exciting and satisfying wilderness thrillers around , it is hard to recommend Sam 's Lake . The story is unconvincing , the characters are not particularly likeable , and it largely fails to deliver in the action and gore department .
 When you have to look outside the US to find a film produced in America , that tells you something -LRB- as does the fact that the film 's official web site no longer exists -RRB- . I 've seen plenty of movies worse than this one , but there 's no getting around the fact that Sam 's Lake is n't a very good movie . It had some potential - a mad killer running around in the woods intent on killing a bunch of young adults is n't what you 'd call original , but you can at least hope for a tad of suspense and a lot of blood and gore ; plus , you have a fairly attractive redhead in the lead role , and that 's never a bad thing . Alas and alack , though , the movie just does n't work . The whole thing basically hinges on one crucial scene just over halfway through , and director Andrew C. Erin 's efforts to pull it off just fell a little short , a flaw immediately exacerbated within mere seconds by a rather ridiculous moment . Still , everyone involved in the film seemed to try hard , and you would think the likes of a Lionsgate would pick this up for distribution . It 's pretty bad , but it 's not insufferable.So , anyway , Sam -LRB- Fay Masterson -RRB- , still dealing with the death of her father a year earlier , invites several of her friends for a weekend back home in her family 's lakeside cabin . The lake would of course be named Sam 's Lake - her father loved it so much he named her after it . Most of these friends of Sam 's have never been out of the big city before , but even they can see that something about the place just is n't right . The locals - what few of them are to be seen - are anything but friendly , and every house seems to have a Blair Witch-like cornhusk `` doll '' hanging somewhere in front of it . Still , the lake itself is quiet and peaceful , and it looks like some fun may be had here after all . Sam 's childhood friend , Jesse -LRB- William Gregory Lee , who Dark Angel fans will recognize as Max 's genetic mutant buddy Zack -RRB- , is a bit of an odd duck , but he seems to hit it off with Sam 's friend Kate -LRB- Sandrine Holt -RRB- . Then , at the obligatory campfire , Sam is coerced into telling the story of `` the house . '' To make a long story short , this family 's `` troubled '' son escaped from an institution , made his way back home , slaughtered his parents and sister , then disappeared into the woods . Not only was the madman never found , a lot of locals have disappeared over the years , always with a cornhusk doll left in their place . As if this story alone is n't enough to unnerve Sam 's friends , it is accompanied by a related `` adventure . `` Aha , so this is clearly a story about a madman killing young people out in the middle of nowhere , you say . Well , yes and no . This is where the story runs into problems . I 'm afraid I just ca n't buy what the director is selling here . Sadly , the rest of the film is just sort of ludicrous . To top it off , they have to throw in a completely unnecessary final shot that just seemed like pandering and turned me off even further.Some people might enjoy Sam 's Lake , but I think a majority of viewers - especially horror fans - will be left jaded at best by the experience . I really wanted to like it , but the story just has too been faults to overcome . Since he was the film 's writer as well as director , I have to lay the blame squarely on the shoulders of Andrew C. Erin , but I do n't want to come down too hard on the guy since this was his debut feature film . Yes , Sam 's Lake is a bad , low-budget horror film , but Erin actually came pretty close to pulling this whole thing off . With a little more experience , he might very well thrill or even scare us at some point in the future .
 Do yourself a favour and poke a stick in your eyes to remove any temptation to watch this movie .
 Bad movie , bad quality , bad cast , bad lighting , bad script and did I say just a bad movie ??? If you are looking for a fantastic movie with the same plot -- see SHOWER . The Chinese did a superb job on the story of a man who was ashamed of his roots after his success -LRB- including his retarded little brother -RRB- . See SHOWER - - it will touch your heart !! Shower
 Why on Earth was this film cheered from all sides ? The story is very vague , the direction is weak , and the film as such lacks consistence . A level which only belongs to debut films.A typical Danish film , for good and for worse , but especially for worse . Mediocre acting , except of course by Sofie Grbl who , no matter how tiny a role she is given , just does not posess the talent of adapting.A disappointing film whose only good sides are Iben Hjejle , Jesper Asholt , my favourite psychopath Torben Jensen , and a few OK jokes here and there thanks to author Anders Thomas Jensen.By the way
 I am a huge fan of the old MGM musicals and have been more that happy with the restoration quality on every DVD transfer issued by Warners in the MGM library . The release of the `` Dream Factory '' collection is a fine example . These films could have been photographed yesterday -LRB- `` Summer Stock '' is a pure delight to watch in terms of picture quality -RRB- . `` Barkleys of B'way '' unfortnately does not live of to the exceptional quality acheived on other films of this genre.The DVD picture quality is very poor and dull and the sound is very muted . I was so dissappointed in this treatment . The DVD appears to have simply transfered the Video to DVD . No restoration to the picture is at all apparent . Even the trailer looks better than the movie.The extras are fine and I ca n't complain here but hey Warners , what were you thinking when you tackled this gem . Someone must have been taking a sickie!Sorry Fred and Ginger .
 Those looking for the beautiful melodies and light-hearted gaity of the earlier Astiare/Rogers films will be disappointed with this glum reunion . The two stars show their age , the music and dancing are sub-par , and the story is about as unromantic as you can get .
 I was sadly disappointed and should have heeded the warning left by one reviewer regarding the picture quality . This film looks as though someone colored it with magic markers in the most garish colors imaginable . However wonderful some of the dance routines might be -- as noted by some of the better reviews here -- I was too distracted by the poor quality of the picture to appreciate them . Sorry .
 Troma makes great movies . However they also usually buy and distribute crap . This is another one of those.I really did n't like Joel Reed 's `` Bloodsucking Freaks '' much . It was hyped to be so extreme and really was n't . It also did n't have much comedy.Well , G.I. Executioner is far tamed from that . It 's a long line of terrible dialogue and the only selling point is nudity . I guess a girl shooting a gun while in the nude and being killed landing in a big net and hanging in the net nude is supposed to be the entertainment highlight of this film .
 This was just terrible . Just terrible . I usually like everything . Low budget movies are n't always bad but this was . This must have been written by a child . Not just any child but a slow one at that . The kids in this movie just didnt even try . I never wanted kids to die so bad . There 's basically no dialogue . Just slow sleepy music and even slower kids going nowhere . Spoiler alert ! The ending is just ridiculous . They turn into mermaids ! What ? For real ? And theres a giant octopus ! What ? Do n't waste your money or your time . Please ! I beg you do n't watch this movie .
 If amazon gave refunds because a movie sucked , this would be # 1 in line . We went in expecting a zombie flick . What we got was ... I do n't even know.It starts off with an interesting premise . People get infected from an airborne virus , and there 's a few group of kids that are immune . They use way too many flashbacks to tell a semi-interesting story , while the current time story is ridiculously boring . It 's filled with horrible acting , horrible cinematography , horrible graphics , and the worst screenplay ever . Be ready to be put to sleep by a zombie movie ... oh and if you 're actually awake at the end ... the ending is so comical , it 'll just blow your mind away ... and not in a good way.so , amazon , when you read this , please refund me my $ 3.99 . Thanks .
 I was looking for a good movie for a Sunday afternoon viewing - this was n't it . Title sounded good but movie was dissapointing . Bad script , Bad directing , Bad acting , Bad special effects . In short - a bad movie . Whish I could get my money back .
 Plot was good but where did you get those actors ? Looked like they were reading from cue cards.The &#34; special &#34; effect were very funny .
 This movie is one of the worst I have ever seen . BAD acting ... poor special effects ... stupid plot line ... BAD MOVIE . Do n't waste your money like I did .
 the reason only 2 stars , its because it was recorded from old video tape , so all the flaws on the tape get copied to the dvd , they could have copied them from a print and not video tapes , so buyer beware
 Crown International Pictures & Marimark Productions cranked out some of the worst films of the ' 80 's -LRB- e.g. My Tutor -RRB- . This one is a little better than My Tutor . The acting is pretty good overall , but Betsy Russell 's character , Tommy , is so uncompromising at times that it 's hard to root for her -LRB- e.g. the open end of the film in which she replies `` Maybe '' when asked if she 'll go back to dating Ernie -RRB- . Like how the film did n't make her out to be a trashy hussy that sleeps with every guy - but quite the opposite - a sexually inexperienced human being that is intimidated by guys on an intimate level.Could 've done without the many instances of misogyny in which Ernie 's assistant , Junior calls women `` stupid beeyatches '' & `` broads '' to their faces & they stumble out of his car , bare breasted , their clothes around their waists as he & Ernie climb out of the car , fully clothed . Also , did n't like how he basically prostituted the women at parties at Ernie 's mansion by instructing them to sleep with the elderly male guests -LRB- Yuck ! -RRB- The soundtrack , as in most B movies , is pure torture.Richard Erdman is endearing & adorable as Tommy 's boss & he helps make the film a little more tolerable . So does Tommy 's friend , Seville Ritz . Btw , what ever happened to her cute subplot in which she was trying to find financial backers for her own TV pilot ? They never wrapped that up!If you want to see great movies about tomboys , I highly recommend Some Kind of Wonderful & Better off Dead instead .
 What a waste of brain cells this dreck is . The other reviewers appreciate it for it 's cheese factor and that 's too high praise . This flick is a complete bore . It reminds me of a bad afternoon school special with gratuitous nudity thrown in . Star Betsy Russell has a certain Felicity quality to her without Keri Russell 's acting chops . I guess you had to have been there . Wait a minute ! I was ! This movie still stinks .
 disc 2 had a problem , lags in a scene in the episode of the sex offender .
 I 've received 2 box sets so far and both of them have been defective . The 3rd disc causes the DVD player to shake and make a loud rumbling sound . The soundtrack of the DVD has a wobbly sound to match . I have not been able to find others online with the same complaint but a friend of mine had the same experience . Both of mine came from Amazon and his both came from Best Buy in Chicago . I am going to return both of them and wait until I 'm sure I can get a non-defective copy .
 i know that this dvd is A + + + + but the discs would not play in any of my dvd players or in my computer . totally bummed
 i ordered season 3 and was given season 1 and 2 in season 3s box . Terrible thing to do to someone
 I chose this movie to see Amy Adams , after watching her in the Night at the Museum . Unfortunately me and my wife could n't bear to watch this movie after giving it 20 minutes - once she got to Ireland , the whole story went from &#34; ok , this is the writer 's plot &#34; to downright ridiculous . I love that with a download to Tivo we could skip ahead to see if the movie got any better - it did n't . So we only wasted 30 minutes on the whole movie .
 Tell me if you 've seen this story -LRB- a thousand times -RRB- ! -LRB- 1 . -RRB- Self centered greed driven young professional sales oriented female . -LRB- 2 . -RRB- Trying to marry similar driven male professional counterpart . -LRB- 3 . -RRB- Obviously not going to work or make an interesting story . -LRB- 4 . -RRB- Female goes on journey to manipulate this bonding.but , -LRB- 5 . -RRB- Gets stuck in a series of highly improbable events that result in -LRB- 6 . -RRB- Crossing paths with some good looking but unsophisticated country hick , who -LRB- 7 . -RRB- Charms/changes her with the beauty of his smelly dirty romantic lifestyle and all it 's possibilities , but -LRB- 8 . -RRB- She wavers when said professional proposes but in the end it just does n't stand up to pigs and beer , and -LRB- 9 . -RRB- She changes her mind at the alter.Oh , what a unique and creative tale . By the way - acting was , well , cookie cutter drama school stuff but the green rolling hills were nice .
 Leap Year was not a bad film , but it is not a film that I would watch again . I watched the entire film , but I was not engaged by it , and I found it to be trite . Leap Year reminded me of the film Romancing the Stone , though I consider Romancing the Stone to be a better film . I had no problem with the storyline or the acting by the cast , though . The Irish scenery was interesting , and the attractive Amy Adams did a solid job in her character portrayal . Actually , I rate Leap Year 2.5 stars . It is not a film that I consider to be a favorite , but it was cute and worthy of a viewing .
 -LRB- Spoiler -RRB- I rented this from Amazon.com bc i normally agree with reviewers here . Not this time ... This was a common and terribly written seen it a hundred times attempt at a love story . I am a sucker for those love stories where you know the couple will probably get together at the end . But , it has to be written in such a way where you actually care . I could have just as easily seen this couple ending up being friends and the woman ending up with her original boyfriend . It really absolutley made no difference . And it really wasnt the actors they did fine with the material that they had there was just no substance . Nothing to make you want the couple together or the other couple apart . The only good thing were the beautiful scenes of Ireland .
 Yes , I know I put horrible twice . This was purposeful.I went to see this movie with my sisters -LRB- neither of whom enjoyed it in the least -RRB- ... and was thoroughly unimpressed . Not only was it a completely predictable story , the humor was n't humorous , the attempts at romance were n't romantic , and the realism was non-existent . No , this is not because I 'm pessimistic . This is because this story would LITERALLY never happen . Although , the girl sitting next to me was in tears by the end , so apparently it can touch the heart of those who are easily moved by cheesy , mass-produced Hollywood romance . All I can say is that if you 've seen another romantic comedy made in Hollywood where the couple actually gets together at the end , you 've seen a movie much better than this one.Maybe it was stupid of me to expect a light-hearted , humorous romantic comedy from a film advertised as such , but literally , I have never been so underwhelmed by a chick flick . Maybe I 'm an idiot to expect a slight amount of real human interaction on screen from such good actors . All that I do know is that this movie was a waste of money in the theaters , and it will be a waste of money to purchase . Unless you 're buying it for the sappiest sap that has ever lived.SUGGESTION : If you would like to see an excellent movie set in Ireland with REAL feelings , REAL comedy , and REAL human interactions , rent or buy `` Once '' .
 This movie was so boring , trite and predictable that I actually could not finish it - and I always make it a point to finish a movie , no matter how bad . But this overdid it and was SO LOUSY . Seriously . It follows the cookie-cutter recipe of girl trying to get to a city/person but her travel plans are interrupted due to `` unforeseeable circumstances '' and she has to rely on some good looking , rough-on-the-outside , chocolate-covered-candy-on-the-inside hunk with a `` sensitive heart '' who treats her like crap , to get to her destination . All with the obligatory falling face-down into the mud stuff and having your luggage stolen to sleeping in a cozy hotel where she gets to wear a nice outfit and sweep him off his feet at the dance the same night . It was great in `` Romancing the Stone '' but it is kind of lame and unoriginal in this one , as there is no comedy here and the two main characters dont have an ounce of chemistry between them . Everything is absurd and obviously set up to illicit laughs , like Adams ' character continuing to walk around in high heels on dirt roads - even though at that point she still had her luggage on her and could easily have changed to comfortable shoes . But I guess if your script and `` comedy '' rely on her dragging her heels through dirt , cause it 's supposed to be so funny , you cant have the character be sensible or have common sense.Every scene is cliche and predictable and Amy Adams has a boring personality . The supposed heart-warming comedy and romance consists of scenes like Goode -LRB- main male character -RRB- actually ripping off the head of a chicken in front of her -LRB- literally rip off -RRB- and then they are seen five minutes later having a candle-light dinner over that . `` Coq au Vin and vino after the slaughter '' . How truly romantic . I do eat chicken , but I dont cozy up with it first and then rip its head off to devour . Totally inappropriate and tasteless.This movie is filled with junk like that . Not only do the characters not have any chemistry between them but they also themselves lack dimension . I loved Romancing the Stone and `` Moonlighting '' - you know , where there is some kind of antagonism between the two main characters and the way they come closer after a lot of obstacles , but in this movie it was just fake and forced . They seriously miscasted and I could not believe how truly boring and unimaginative it was . Rom-com doesnt mean predictable , stupid and boring . I could predict what was going to happen in _ every frame _ - that 's how lame it was.I give it one star -LRB- it didnt deserve any -RRB- because of the gorgeous Irish landscape . Other than that I recommend looking out of the window instead of at this movie , cause chances are what you see happening out there is far more interesting and enticing than this comatose piece of crap with unlikable , dumb characters .
 I 'm a guy and do like to watch romantic comedies every once in awhile , but this is one I wo n't waste my time watching again . For example , Love Actually = great rom-com . 50 First Dates , Hitch , and The Proposal = pretty good . Leap Year = Meh , it 's OK . Disappointing ... neither Amy Adams nor Matthew Goode 's best work . Matthew Goode even admitted that Leap Year kind of sucked . He took the job because it payed him to be at a location he liked , and that was it . He even said that it could be the worst movie of the year . There are many articles on it , just take a look ... -LSB- . . -RSB- This movie is silly and would never happen in real life in a million years . The lengths that Amy Adams goes through to get to her boyfriend to propose is ridiculous . I asked myself many times if it were over yet because it can be boring and almost put me to sleep at points ... hence , the review 's title . They could have condensed the movie to make it better . But even during the length of the movie , I never felt like the connection between the actors fully developed and it was n't convincing enough . If you 're a woman , you might think it 's kinda cute . Guys will not like the movie though.At 25 + reviews , this movie is at an average of 4.5 stars right now ? IT IS NOT THAT GOOD , So stop rating it so high ... Just because it has Amy Adams in it does n't automatically make it good ... I had to write a review to bring it down . I feel like Amy Adams is usually a `` one note '' actress , and the movie is predictable and not as funny nor charming as other romantic comedies . It 's a unique idea of the girl proposing on Feb. 29 , but fell short as a movie ... it 's simply not a stand out rom-com . Nothing special about it .
 It 's not good when one of the stars of your film says `` I just know that there are a lot of people who will say it is the worst film of 2010 . '' Those are the words of Matthew Goode -LRB- Amy Adams costar -RRB- and boy is he right . The writing , horrible effects -LRB- attempting to paste the actors into scenes from Ireland -RRB- , 1950s plot and clunky acting - wow - this film should never received the green light . What a waste of my time !
 I had high hopes for this film ... A co-worker recommended it and said the scenerey from Ireland was beautiful -- that was the only good part about the movie . I kept up my hopes until about halfway thru when i realized it was n't getting any better . I seiously do n't undestand how good actors keep making these horrible movies -- must be something other than their acting skills ... Such a good storyline could have been so much better !
 This is one time I should have paid attention to the right side -LRB- negative -RRB- of the reviews . I have been anticipating viewing this film ever since I heard the Maltin pro give it a thumbs up.Went to Redbox to rent it for $ 1.27 and it 's not available in GA. . I see why . I was so enchanted with Amy Adams in `` Enchanted '' that I just wanted to see her in another film.The Irish accent from the star was very hard to understand and since AMA will not get subtitles , I had no idea what the male lead was saying . I will still try another Amy Adams film as she is adorable , but this ranked up there with the top five most terrible films I have ever rented and this is saying something because I am a ` movie-olic . ' ... wish I had not spent the $ 2.99 and a call to AMA to get this film ... should have listened to my gut .
 This movie was a waste of a talented actress . It is not funny , it is boring , and it makes very little sense . I can see why other reviewers said their 10 year olds liked it . You would have to be 10 to get any enjoyment out of it , and even that is stretching it . I would not recommend it to anybody -- it is inoffensive , but it is also a colossal waste of time .
 I love romantic comedies and I like Amy Adams . Correction , liked Amy Adams . The plot is unoriginal , the acting is horrible , the characters were flat and there was n't a single moment that made me laugh . I could n't even stick around to the end . Amy Adams ' character was uptight and unlikable . The Irish guy was rude and the cardiologist boyfriend was annoying . Save yourself the agony and skip this one . I do n't usually write reviews , but this one is just THAT bad .
 I had gotten this movie back in early part of October and I really havent watched the movie that many times . Well , suddenly the movie would freeze and when it started back up again , the sound was not working . It is not the player because I would put in another movie as soon I got tired of fooling with the movie . It is really odd but I think I may have just gotten a lemon . I 'm not going to be the one saying do not buy from this seller cause I had great delivery . It is more of a product failure .
 Some films just look back from the get-go . You see the trailer and it 's littered with horrible clich&eacute;s and complete rip-offs from other films and you know that nothing about the film could redeem its unapologetic take at complete and total unoriginality . ` Leap Year ' was one of those movies . From the first few moments of the ` all too familiar ' trailer , I saw every other romantic comedy made in the past decade or more . Even the runaway car was a disgusting attempt to capitalize on that one slice of slapstick nostalgia we see redone and redone time and time again . I still do n't know why I saw this film , but I blame it solely on the wife and the fact that the conundrum that is Amy Adams continues to haunt me . I mean , is she a good actress ? I ask this only because she is either outstanding -LRB- ` Junebug ' -RRB- or horrifically mediocre -LRB- ` Julie and Julia ' -RRB- . Here , she shows enough charm to scrounge her way through the task of allowing an unattractive man to take her to Ireland so she can propose to her even uglier boyfriend -LRB- who looks like a lesbian -RRB- . There was a moment , after their kiss -LRB- the one they are forced into -RRB- where she exhibits a depth of character the screenplay does n't allow her , but it was minor . I love her though and will continue to . She has far more hits than misses , that 's for sure . Alas , this film is probably her worst . It is laboriously underdeveloped and it does n't care that all of its best moments are stolen from ` the best of the worst ' in this genre . Just put it down and walk away .
 A bad cold and a lack of cable led me to invest my dollar at Redbox . What a mistake . I figured it would be cliche in spots ... but oh , the whole way through ! Amy Adams ' cute clothes and the lush landscape were somewhat distracting , but the unreliable car , the pretend marriage that leads to a forced , revelatory kiss , the off-handed comments that change their lives ... even a NyQuil haze could n't make this film interesting . Save your money and your time .
 This movie was painful to watch . Not one of the characters was likable , the plot was awful , I did not laugh once ... the list goes on . Save your money and if you want to watch a cheesy chick flick there are definitely many out there that have more to offer than this .
 According to an Irish tradition , on leap year , a woman is allowed to propose marriage if she has n't been proposed to yet . Since her boyfriend Jeremy -LRB- Adam Scott -RRB- of 4 years has n't made a move yet , Anna -LRB- Amy Adams -RRB- decides to fly to Dublin , Ireland to propose herself . However , due to airplane complications , Anna is instead forced to stay in Wales and also forced to share company with a rude cab driver named Declan -LRB- Matthew Goode -RRB- . What follows is a predictable storyline we 've all seen before
 And too bad too . The leads are very good and the scenery better , but the story does n't cut it . This film is essentially a remake of `` It Happened One Night '' that happens to be set in Ireland , and it does n't stack up with the original -- the script just is n't as sharp as it should be.Can ' t anyone make a romantic comedy anymore ?
 I do n't understand the appeal for this movie . It was predictable and silly . If you 're looking to get away from real life & stress , and want to watch something mind-numbing , this 'll do it for you .
 I love amy adams , so I watched this movie . It 's a waste of time . The acting is poor and forced . You know what is going to happen right away . No surprises . And no , the movie does not get better . I was hoping it would and actually watched the whole damn thing like a sucker . Do n't let this happen to you .
 I wanted to watch something sweet , a love story.This movie started off weak , and only got weaker . This girl claims to be strong , in a good place in her life , successful ... . And yet , I have n't the slightest idea how she got to that state with the common sense and smarts of a pebble . Apparently , the money she 's mysteriously made as a decorator -LRB- doesnt take any kind of credentials or brains -RRB- has served her well , and masked her inability to make good life decisions -LRB- ie . not handing over your $ 1000 suitcase to a perfect stranger ... and being surprised/pouty when they take it -RRB- .
 The title of this movie should have been `` Lame Year '' and not `` Leap Year '' . Disappointed as both my husband and I love Amy Adams . She made a mistake on this one .
 The beautiful Irish scenery stole the show and was the only redeeming quality to the awkward acting/script/editing ? . But this genre of love-story/comedy is not only over-done -- but has been done much better . Stick-up-her-caboose control freak heroine thinks she wants to be married to her rich cardiologist long-term , live-in doting-but-unromantic boyfriend -- but instead falls in love with the emo-broken-hearted-rude-mocking-but-still-kind-hearted-on-the-inside-hot bar keeper . There was poor character & story development -- the denouement was rushed and unexplained . The love-interest bar-keeper went from being on the cusp of losing his pub/inn in a tiny town with no buses/trains/few residents/reliable electricity to suddenly having a pub/restaurant that 's PACKED with loyal patrons who empty their pockets to allow him to repay his loan -LRB- or something like that I guess ... details details , so inconvenient ! -RRB- Then suddenly they are kissing passionately in front of a breath-taking cliff-overlooking the ocean view.The other thing that I thought was laughable was Amy Adams ' character supposedly walking & hiking for `` hours '' even days in her 6 '' heels . Lol ... if her ankles had been dripping in blood , it would have been more believable . What a joke .
 I got this movie on a whim that Amy Adams is generally adorable and the premises seemed sweet . After viewing it I find it incredible funny and ironic that the main review states it 's a `` Delightful , relatable romantic comedy . '' In the end there was very little romance OR comedy , and it certainly was n't relatable !! While I realize this movie is classified as a Rom-Com I was hoping for something less predictable and I was definitely expecting the main characters to have some kind of chemistry . In the end , Amy 's character spent the whole movie trying to find her boyfriend of 4 years to propose to him , while this deplorable jackass she hires to get her to Dublin -LRB- where the bf is staying -RRB- berates her and puts her through a nightmare of things . They are constantly arguing , fighting , and at once point she yells at him that she hates him . There is absolutely NO chemistry between Amy Adams and Matthew Goode -LRB- the cab driver/pub owner taking her to Dublin -RRB- . While this movie is only a little more than 90 minutes long , I felt like I was watching something more the length of Avatar or Titanic . Boring and painful to get thought ... *** Spoiler Alert Below ** With that said , I 'd like to point out that in the movie Amy 's character has been with her boyfriend for 4 years and he 's a handsome , charming doctor . Yes , he ca n't spend all his time fawning all over her , he 's a doctor for crying out loud . But we also do n't get to see the beginning of the relationship and how things progressed . He 's wealthy , smart , handsome and in the end she dumps him for the broke pub owner and moves to Ireland . Who does that ? No one , that 's who . Skip this movie unless you 're a masochist . It felt more like an unromantic tragedy .
 The only redeeming thing this movie offers is the scenery . The plot was predictable and plodding . The romantic and comedy parts were basically left out of this romantic comedy .
 I like romcoms . I like Amy Adams . I almost like silly , sexist 1950s situation comedies as long as there is some element of freshness . These are n't my favourite things , but sometimes a little mindless escapism is just the ticket.But this is unwatchable , and after 45 minutes I accepted defeat and turned it off.The characters are boring . Their situation is boring . The protagonists are supposed to be unappealing in the beginning because their relationship together is supposed to grow from conflict to co-operation to charismatic romance , but everything is working against this . The dialogue is inane . The Irish locals are nasty rednecks . Ireland , a truly beautiful country , looks dull!If ` Leap Year ' transcends all these flaws and polishes into a beautiful diamond in the second half then I apologise for not being able to endure the journey .
 very poor quality tape - skipped periodically and finally jammed my DVD tray - ergo - no longer watching DVDs ... . Lesson Learned
 Bought this item as a gift , person opened it and there was no damn DVD in the container ! What the hell !
 I am a big Amy Adams fan , and her co-star is a total fox . But those are the last two good things I have to say about this one . Bad dialogue , bad plot , bad chemistry , bad editing , bad writing .
 I thought the movie was cute , however , the quality of the movie was terrible . I have fast internet but the movie still skipped every 30 seconds and the whole movie was blurry .
 Movie was as stinky as their shoes , but then you 'd have to see it to understand that comment - do n't waste your time or money . I feel horrible about the # 3 and 2 hours that I just parted with to see this . I kept thinking that it had to get better , but no . Male lead was the only saving grace , not bad acting with the script given to the poor guy .
 Nothing special . No chemistry between the main actors . Dragged on . Turned it off somewhere in the middle .
 Did anyone really expect this to be anymore than an average romantic comedy ? I no i sure did n't . I even expected that it would be unoriginal . Most romantic comidies are . However , none of this makes up for the fact that this movie gets it all wrong . Lets start off with the casting . Amy Adams should never be considered a leading lady . She has a quirky awkwardness about her that never seems to work . Some actresses have this genre down packed -LRB- Kate Hudson-Katherine Heigl -RRB- and some never will . I felt sorry for Matthew Goode because his performace was actually pretty good . Sorry , this film is not very entertaining . In the scenes that should be funny it seems like the actors are not trying hard enough . I hate to repeat myself but Amy Adams ruined this already unfunny little flick . This one gets 2 THUMBS DOWN . Do n't even waist your time renting this one . You 've already seen this story before . You just could n't recognize it because now it sucks .
 A so-so love story with good looking people , beautiful shots of Ireland , and a story you really never fall for . At no point does your heart break and make you think `` I hope they end up together . '' you instead think , oh well , if they do great , but I do n't see why . After a garbled mess of a patch work story , and losely based writing format of conflict , climax , resolution , you finally get a bit of back story . Not that it adds up to anything , bad stuff happens , good stuff happens , and then well , it ends , and you do n't feel any differently than when it started . Stick with P.s I love you , or Enchanted if your hankering for a good love story with Amy Adams . This one , wo n't leave you caring one way or another if there is a happy ending .
 From my wife Sarah
 I picked this movie to watch entirely because Amy Adams stars in it , and I 've admired her work in other movies . I was also probably feeling a little homesick for Ireland , and thought it might cheer me up , especially since it is listed as a comedy.How wrong was I?Was the `` comedy '' part of this to rewind the outside perception of Ireland to that of the 1950 's ? Because how else could someone have thought there was any sense or meaning to the plot in this movie ? Or was this on a sarcastic black humour level that I entirely missed ? Not even Amy Adams could rescue this one . Do n't waste your time or your money on it .
 Great Movie . DVD worked without a problem . The case was broken upon arrival . I was suspicious that the DVD had been previously viewed as the broken pieces of the case were not in the plastic wrap .
 Not my kind of movie , I gave it to a friend who loved it . Passing it on was a good thing
 Just this side of a sleeper - story line was better than the acting . At least the scenery was beautiful
 I personally winced throughout this whole movie yet the person I watched this with liked it alot . I think that explanation comes from her enjoyment of Hallmark channel movies and Leap year sharing many of the traits of this channel 's films . As she had little misgivings , I think she would have rated this movie a 4 or 4 1/2 out of 5 stars.My opinion is quite different . I 've given this movie two stars because it is technically competent . My criticism is directed at the script . The characters do things not because it might be the natural progression from their previous actions or personalities but because there are areas in a typical romantic comedy when they need to happen.Amy Adams ' character was insufferable thanks to the script and her redundant , rattling dialog -LRB- I felt like yelling `` We get it , already ! '' at the screen -RRB- while Goode 's nice touches were undone by the same script . Even the two sections in the script where some background to the two leads seems shoehorned in and rote . The bulk of John Lithgow 's performance can be seen in the deleted scenes and that is for the best as his performance was broad and lent very little to the movie . Unfortunately the scene of his that did make the cut was just for exposition 's sake and could have been cut as well with a little script polish . And then there are the quaint Irish folk , three of which are there for `` comic relief '' sake only and , like everyone in the script with maybe the exception of Adam Scott 's one-note character , come across as fictional characters written by a screenwriter whose only personal experience in writing movies and creating characters comes from years of watching and trying to emulate other romantic comedy movies -- and not doing well at that.A great example of this is a dinner scene where the couple sit down with an Irish husband and wife and an Italian couple . After the whole `` lets make believe we are a real couple in love '' bit , the two leads become audience to a disturbingly long -LRB- and not a bit funny , IMHO -RRB- deep passionate kiss , followed by an even more disturbing prodding by the Irish hosts ' incessant -LRB- and supposedly funny and quaint ? -RRB- prodding for the two leads to engage in a passionate kiss.Everything in this movie can be seen coming a mile away and I found it insulting the screenwriter and director did n't recognize that the audience would . Strictly cookie-cutter . I could go on about each scene -LRB- and did any viewer NOT know the walk to the castle would result in a missed mode of transport ? -RRB- but I would bore . The upshot is , if you are a viewer who needs to see a bit of truth in their movies -LRB- that is , truth in situation , character , dialog and emotion -RRB- , you will likely hate this movie with a passion . I would put it right up with Jackie Chan 's The Spy Next Door in that emotional and contexual truth department . However , if you can park reality at the door and enjoy a love story that has no basis in reality , then you will enjoy this movie . There is nothing in this movie that would make me want to see it again for the rest of my life . If you , like me , enjoy movies set in Ireland , note this
 Amy Adams is a home stager who is about to move in with her doctor boyfriend of four years . Ready to take the leap - she travels to Ireland hopefully in time to ask her boyfriend to marry her on February 29 -LRB- leap year day -RRB- . Of course nothing goes as planned , and she has plenty of roadblocks along the way that threaten to thwart her plans , including a surly Irish tour guide and cows galore.This movie sounds like it might be a refreshing change of pace romantic comedy , but there is plenty of `` been there , seen that '' moments to give viewers a sense of deja vu . I felt like I was watching a romanticized version of `` Planes , Trains and Automobiles -LRB- Those Are n't Pillows Edition -RRB- '' and not a good one at that . There is little chemistry between the two leads , and even less between Amy and her long-term boyfriend . The entire story is a bit tedious and the only thing that kept me glued -LRB- other than the hope that things might get better -RRB- was the Irish countryside -LRB- though all Irish characters were a bit stereotypical -RRB- . I know that this is nit picky , but I am so tired of watching movies and television shows in which heroines travel internationally and wear impractical $ 600 stilettos that inevitably get muddied , soaking wet , or trudged through animal feces when the heroine eventually finds herself having to walk . When I see one of these such travelers in an airport , I pray that they are seated behind me and the emergency life boat so they wo n't deflate it.A much more believable and enjoyable fish out of water tale set in Ireland is `` Matchmaker '' starring Janeane Garofalo as a cynical Boston political consultant stuck in a small Irish town during a matchmaking festival .
 This movie is very similar to the Meg Ryan/Kevin Kline movie , French Kiss , except the location is Ireland instead of France . Girl flies to foreign country to bring back/marry the man she loves/meets a sarcastic , cute-but-bitter foreign guy / travels around on madcap adventures with him / has her suitcase stolen / foreign guy threatens thief to get the case back / fnds the guy she went searching for / does n't want him anymore / stays with/goes back to the foreign guy . Even the scene in the car with the lead man making fun of her ` plan ' is almost identical . Oh , and the shower scene , too . Meg and Kevin were much more believable and comedic .
 I have mixed feelings on this film.Minus side : o poorly written dialogue with thin , one-dimensional characterso extremely predictable , simplistic storyo implausible plot holes throughout the filmo poorly -LRB- cheaply ? -RRB- made visual effectso forced chemistry between two lead charactersPlus side : o Amy Adams is gorgeouso Ireland looks beautiful -LRB- makes a great promotional film for the country ! -RRB- o I liked the endingIn short , all of the negative reviews are justified . This is a movie for -LRB- 1 -RRB- fans of Amy Adams or -LRB- 2 -RRB- fans of Ireland . If you are not interested in either , stay away from this movie!Being an Adams fan myself , I forced my way through this overly-predictable film . As a romantic-comedy , it has its moments , but they are too far and few between.Amy looks beautiful though . It is a shame that she could n't focus her effort on better films as she is clearly in her prime.After suffering through the film , the ending was a little different than what I had expected . I do n't believe in posting spoilers , but I felt that the ending was somewhat better than the film itself , even though it was still a hokey ending , the cinematography was beautiful and it leaves you somewhat satisfied and gives you a little back after making you sit through the whole film.I can only imagine that previous posters of such glowing reviews either -LRB- a -RRB- did n't see the film , or -LRB- b -RRB- are huge fans of Amy or Ireland .
 I ordered this DVD two -LRB- 2 -RRB- months ago ! They most likely had my address wrong or whatever . I contacted the seller many times and waited , and waited , and waited , AND WAITED !!! I either never got a response OR I kept getting the same response . I never got the DVD and I never received a refund . What a waste of time and money!I am certainly NEVER going to purchase anything from this seller EVER again!Worst experience EVER !
 The first time I watched this movie I disliked it . A lot . There is no chemistry between the two main characters and the story line is so cliche as to be annoying . Seriously does Hollywood not realize that women have more interests than snagging a man for marriage . UGH!Thought I 'd try watching it again cuz we 've been snowed in for a couple of days and I was bored . I watched it thinking maybe it was just the mood I was in that other time . It was n't . This movie pretty much ... nope it sucks . It really , really sucks.Scenery is pretty though .
 I did not like this movie at all . So cheesy . The guy is really cute though . But yeah , I did not finish the movie and probably will not seek it out again .
 The chemistry between the main characters is just so forced ! They were both so narcissistic through the whole first half of the movie that I did n't want them to get together anymore . Everybody was pointlessly mean it was irritating . The characters were all so unlikable the movie became unbearable . There are probably more realistic matches made on The Bachelor than in this movie.Ireland looked beautiful , but I thought they were a little racist towards the Irish too . Irish humor is n't mean-spirited . Craic is clever , these people were just picking on each other . I have n't spent much time in Cork Co , though.And do n't get me started on the horribly green-screened driving shots . There were too many elements in this movie to break my suspension of disbelief.Note
 This is about the most predictable , contrived , unoriginal romance movies I 've seen.The only reason to see this movie is Amy Adams and the Irish scenery . -LSB- Spoilers : -RSB- Her main Irish love interest is unappealing at the beginning and does n't completely improve by the end . Their early animosity quickly becomes tedious , then continues throughout too much of the movie.In fact , all the Irish people in the movie get rather poor portrayals . The Irish people I 've known were more friendly than those you see in this movie.I found it rather incredulous that the Amy Adams character would fall for such a rude and unromantic guy . He softens a little but even in practically the last scene he still calls her an idiot , even if in jest . If I were a woman I would n't be impressed with this guy , even after understanding his reasons .
 Have n't I seen this movie before ??? Not very original and far less cute . Also required huge `` leaps '' in the suspension of disbelief . I knew it would be fluff -- but this was less of a distraction and more of an insult .
 First off , like the actors , love ireland , but the script was a terrible let down . I really wanted to like this but ended up feeling like this film was trying to be comedic and serious without doing a sufficient job of either . The two main characters are people with problems that prevent them from finding happiness . This would would have been plenty to start with but the script ended up forcing slapstick moments on them that , truth be told , were not that funny.There were glimpses of depth but never enough to support the full load of the story . Anna -LRB- main female lead -RRB- has been with a man for four years and the most she can say about him is that he 's a cardiologist -LRB- but she seems oblivious to the fact that the man has no actual heart himself -RRB- . No real reason why she has stuck with him for so long in a relationship that seems more a business merger than actual love . The only reason I could see was her almost pathological need for predictability.Declan , the male lead , has been soured in love which accounts for his surly attitude but rarely displays any open tenderness towards Anna . There 's more passion between them than between Anna and her cardiologist but I kept feeling that the two of them would have their work cut out for them to make a future together.The `` comedic '' moments were just painful . Had the writers spared that or even just reined them in a little it would have been better . As it was all I felt was humiliation for the main characters.I did like the ending in that both were taking a leap of faith towards each other . But it was n't enough to salvage all that had gone before.If you want a romantic comedy set in Ireland , seeMatchmakerwith Jeanne Garafolo . It does a much better job with the humor .
 Acting is poor , story is as shallow as a pail of water , if one could assign it a 0 star , I would do so . My only regret is that I wasted 2 hours of my time waiting for it to get better .
 The movie was trite and boring , so much so that I fell asleep half way through . I love Amy Adams and was so disappointed that she chose this film , clearly for the money , not the quality of the script or what it could do to strengthen her portfolio . Snoooooooozzzzzzzzze ...
 This is yet another vehicle starring Faye Dunaway that did not fully utilize her incredible talent . Who needs Lara Flynn Boyle when you have Faye Dunaway ? Miss Dunaway was not in enough scenes , though she 's looking good . They should have ditched the Flynn Boyle character and had Timothy Hutton fall in love with Dunaway . People start to die mysteriously , and he 's not sure if it 's Dunaway . She could do a couple of scenes where she acts nuts and you 're not sure if she 's guilty . In the end , it turns out to be jealous women in her office trying to frame her to get Timothy Hutton to ask them out . Dunaway and Hutton run off together in the end . That is is a much better story and would have showcased Dunaway much better . Otherwise , the action was good .
 Someone adapted a lousy ass attempt at a script from a book called White Rush , Green Fire , now it could of been much much better if someone from Hollywood or some Independent guy did it but this is just plain crap . While on a camping trip , 3 guys and 2 girls hear gunfire in the woods and that would be a drug deal gone bust . Soon , they take the drugs for themselves but one of them gets nabbed by dealer Judd Nelson -LRB- Breakfast Club , Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back -RRB- who is an undercover DEA agent and he wants the woman 's friends to bring the cocaine back to its rightful owner otherwise her friends are dead . So , the big honcho dealer sends out a deadly assassin which just happens to be a Brazilian woman which an itchy kill finger . On the other line , the gang with the cocaine have to deal with smart ass cop Chick , played wildy over the top by Louis Mandylor -LRB- The Game Of Their Lives -RRB- and I 'm not saying he 's good he isnt , he just gives an annoyingly over the top performance ... too bad Costas Mandylor wasnt in here . Anyway , the script sucks , the acting is bad , only Judd Nelson has some spark and he hads a little life to the story but this is just too retarded . Also starring Charles Schlatter -LRB- Diagonis Murder -RRB- .
 This ` documentary ' was utterly abysmal . Not only is it not real , it does n't even pretend to be real . The characters are the most one dimensional douche bags I have ever seen in film . It is so bad its actually quite funny . To take a topic as heavy as this and make it funny is hard to do.My favorite part , is about every seven minutes they randomly cut to an old letter that consists of 3 unreadable sentences . Finally an hour into the movie they write 3 more lines of nonsense and cut to that for a few seconds . Its hard to describe , but this inane filler is worth the price of admission alone.As I am writing this I think I am changing my opinion , if you are a fan of unintentional comedy you will love this nonsense . The only thing that is a bit insulting is the outright lack of effort that went into this.It looks like me and my buddies from high school rented 2 cameras for the weekend and made a movie during our junior year of high school.To recap , the unintentional comedy is overwhelmed by the outright laziness and lack of effort .
 Horrible accents , acting , everything was just stupid . I , as have many viewers were lead to believe -LRB- by the directors etc -RRB- that this was true footage . It is a mockery of Anneliese !
 What should I say about this ... it 's crap !!!!!!! I 'm actually still watching it -LRB- I order it on cable -RRB- , I thought it was the actual recordings , I think it 's just the audio that is real ... the rest is so lame . When I did the preview , I thought it was the real deal , then a few minutes in to this movie -LRB- which again , I thought it was the actual thing , documentary -RRB- , I was like this ca n't be . This a total mess ... The Last exocorism was way better than this crap !!! Very disappointing !!!
 Bad acting , bad costumes , bad accents , bad editing . I thought that this was suppose to be actual footage . Looks like something that would come on a late night cable channel - produced by college students .
 I have two copies of THE APE , and both are unwatchable , due to constant splices in the film the DVDs are made from . Is this any different ? Is there a copy out there that has been restored from original negatives or pristine prints ? I surely would like to see on and I 'd buy it in a heartbeat . Will someone let me know ?
 I was so excited about the DVD release of `` The Children '' This is one of my favorite childhood films . I can not believe what Troma did to this classic . If the cheesy introduction did n't make you mad the copy will . I have never seen such a horrible Remaster or as they call it . It is utterly impossible to believe that they had gotten one of the `` only surviving prints '' of this movie . Considering it was shown in over 3000 movie theaters when released . My hope is that another print will surface ; and another company gets ahold of it ; and finally gives this classic movie the proper DVD release it deserves .
 what a bad copy , they say it was remastered i like to know with what , my old video tape looks better , than the dvd , what a crappy copy of a classic film , go back and redo this film , the way it should be , dont waste your money or your time , with this bad copy
 Perhaps you old enough to remember the days when movies like `` The Children '' were sudddenly advertised starting on Wednesday , appeared at the local theaters/drive-ins for one weekend only , and every kid talked about the movie for weeks later . There were a string of these films in the 70 's and 80 's , low on budget but big on fun . The plot was pretty simple , children on the way home from school are driven through a radioactive cloud that transforms them into black finger-nailed zombies who hug their victims to a firey death . Chop off their hands , and they die screaming . Original indeed . I was quite glad to hear that this film was being released on dvd . I was not happy to hear that it was a Troma release . Troma releases can be a real mixed bag . The cover of the dvd says `` remastered from one of the ONLY surviving prints , '' well perhaps , they should have rang me up because my old VHS tape looks & sounds better than this version . The video is full frame , filled with dirt/debris , and the reel changes skip scenes abruptly . The sound has a fair amount of pops but seems otherwise ok . The dvd has nice extras -LRB- `` fully loaded '' as the back of the dvd claims -RRB- , a commentary and interviews with Carlton Albright , David Platt , Gil Rogers , and a segment about the musical version of the film -LRB- I am not joking -RRB- . I guess with such extras , who cares about the film 's quality.Lloyd Kaufman -LRB- who I do not find entertaining in the least -RRB- introduces the film from some kooky home video shot on a trip to Iceland . He attempts to convince viewers he has found an authority on the movie , a random video store clerk , who is overdubbed in English with fake praise about the movie . Llloyd also says the film is `` digitally remastered . '' Perhaps this is all suppose to be funny , well collectors and fans of this movie are n't laughing . Troma blew the chance to present us with a good premiere dvd edition . Personally , as stated , I am not a fan of this label because the type of films they produce and distribute are not of interest to me , but when Troma has rights to older films I do like , I expect such an industry leader -LRB- 30 years of Reel Independence -RRB- to step up to the plate and show the major labels how it is done . Based on the quality of this release , the price should not exceed 9.99 . It is nice to have it on dvd , but know what you are buying .
 ... not of `` The Children '' but , of Troma ! I also fell victim of the hype for Troma 's 25th anniversary edition release of this Drive-In box office hit of 1980 . If you read the cover of the DVD you are promised quite a treat , which would be worth the retail price if you got what was promised ! NO ! The content on the disc is of lesser quality than most discs you pick up in the 99 cent DVD bargain bin ! Troma states that the film is `` Remastered for one of the only surviving prints of the film '' even if it 's not from the original negative the print should have been remastered better than this ! The DVD is not even presented in widescreen ! On top of all the scratches that appear on screen and all the pops and hisses in the soundtrack this makes for some very unplesant viewing ! There are some featurettes produced for this DVD which by the the cheap production values of each segment is an insult to the viewer as well as the cast and crew featured in the bonus materials . The film itself is what it is ... an ultra low budget horror flick but , fans of the genere as well as this title deserve better than this poor release ! I know we would have had a much better release of this film from Anchor Bay or even MGM ! I 'm shocked that Troma would produce such an awful DVD presentation and charge such a high price ! Shame , Troma , shame !!!
 Not one of Troma 's better movies as I have quite a few . It was different . It was ok . Dale .
 To say that I am furious over the unacceptable and shoddy video transfer Troma inflicted on us with this release is putting it mildly!Troma advertised this release as a digitally remastered version of The Children , and when I spoke via phone with one of their representives they assured me that the video quality was going to be fantastic.What they actually released looks like they found a print buried in a landfill , and could not be bothered to even dust the thing off before doing the video transfer . The movie is loaded -LRB- and I mean loaded -RRB- with pops and hisses , `` cigarette burn '' marks , scratches , dust , dirt ... it 's the worst video transfer I have ever seen on DVD , and I am not exaggerating . It makes even most of Platinum 's releases look like Star Wars in comparison ! Troma told me that there was a delay due to the video remastering process . What did they do , enhance the cracks , dirt , speckles , scratches , and other defects ? That 's what it looks like.It 's a travesty that they did this for the 25th Aniversary release and it 's possibly criminally fraudulent to call this a `` digitally remastered '' film . My beat up old VHS copy has a much better picture than this DVD.Of course , Troma refuses to answer emails or phone calls about this . Their customer service is the pits.For fans of this forgotten classic , I am sorry to verify the bad news . I urge you to rent this first before paying money for it , because once you actually see it I doubt you 'd be willing to spend $ 2 on it , much less the retail price.I am making it my duty to review this DVD and expose the lies Troma is peddling about this DVD release everywhere I can , because fans of the film deserve better.And for anyone who may defend this filthy release due to it being an obscure , low-budget , almost-forgotten film , I urge you to check out the movie Lemora
 It ai n't Shakespeare , that 's for sure . The only way to watch the piss-poor supposed re-mastering of The Children is Mystery Science Theater-style with a batch of mixed drinks and a group of friends who all share a fondness for bad cinema . The tacky late-70 's / early-80 's fashions are a hoot though ... and a pregnant character huffing on a cigarette sent us into hysterics . This review is strictly for rental purchases only . Troma blatantly lied about the quality of this release and anyone foolish enough to purchase a copy after reading the last couple of reviews , deserves to lose their money .
 A typical horror film , albeit done with skill . The first half is pretty much just a sequence of fright scenes . Then it switches to a psychological story with supernatural elements which I found much more interesting . The finale , however , is predictable and not very scary.The lovely Ha Ji Won is the star and she 's joined by some beautiful actresses that are equally put upon . But it 's gon na be 5-year-old Eun Seo-woo who 's gon na make the deepest impression on you . I promise . She has about a dozen scenes scattered thru out the movie with her stunningly acted climactic scene coming shortly before the film 's climax . I 'll bet she 'll amaze you even if the story or the other actors do n't .
 same layout like dark water , good movie to get rid of company .
 Not only was this movie not even the least bit frightening , the plot was convoluted , boring , and well ... it just plain sucked . Take it from a horror movie aficionado and skip this one , or at the very least rent it first .
 Another telephone horror flick . Only this movie did not produce a single thrill.I had to fight to stay awake during this one . Also , most of the plot seemed to be borrowed from some other movie.Don ' t waste your time or your money on this one .
 The storyline was rather bland and maybe it 's just me , but the whole concept of people being scared when their phone is ringing has been highly played out . There was one part that made me jump , but other than that , there is n't anything too scary and/or gory . The child actress in this movie , was not very convincing . Everytime she was `` going crazy '' , I could n't help but laugh at the poor acting.The DVD title screen for this movie is my favorite part . I kept thinking my own cell phone was interfering with the DVD player . haha . Anyhow , I would n't recommend this movie , unless you have nothing better to do .
 Directed by Byeong-ki Ahn , the film `` Phone '' boasts the usual beautiful cinematography one now expects from Korean horror , thriller and suspense films . Many viewers pointed out that this film reminded them of the Japanese film `` RINGU . '' However , as for myself , the film reminded me a lot of the horror films ONE MISSED CALL , and ONE MISSED CALL 2 . -LSB- The former being directed by Takashi Miike -RSB- . What this film lacked , that these two other films had , in my opinion , was a good story , creepy scenes , and a lot more scare factor . This film may appeal to some viewers , as witnessed by the number of those who liked it . However , the film has a few sub-plots going along with the narrative that make this film a bit disjointed.The film centers on a woman reporter named Ji-won -LRB- Ji-won Ha -RRB- . Ji-won has just exposed a sex ring of several men with underage girls . As a result , this has put her life in jeopardy . She is constantly being harassed through her cellphone with death threats . Furthermore , she is being pursued by one of these men . Therefore , for her protection , Ji-won decides to take up an offer to stay at the Bangbae house of her friends , which is still being renovated by her friends husband , Chang-hoon -LRB- Woo-jae Choi -RRB- . Her friend Ho-jeong -LRB- Yu-mi Kim -RRB- does not think that the house is suitable , and tries to dissuade Ji-won in a polite way . Yet , with the upcoming trial ahead of her , and for her protection , she takes Chang-hoon up on his offer . There is something ominous in this new house , and I do not wish to give this away.Moreover , there is something wrong with the young daughter of her friends . Young-ju -LRB- Seo-woo Eun -RRB- answers Ji-won 's cellphone while at an art exhibit , and afterwards begins exhibiting bizarre behavior . The child becomes more attached to her father , and more distant from the mother . Why ? What is the cause of this young child 's behavior that has changed drastically since she listened in on the cellphone ? Plus , something strange is happening in the house Ji-won is now living at . Not only does Ji-won still receive strange phone calls , but she also receives eerie pictures on her laptop computer . Determined to discover what is happening , Ji-won becomes convinced that she and the young child are in danger from a ghost . The film is predictable , and for the most part boring . If you must see the film , rent it first . I did not think this was a particularly good horror film . And what few horror scenes the viewer is witness to is not enough to salvage this film . I recommend viewers rent the film first . -LSB- Stars
 Pros
 I was excited to order and view this video `` cooking class '' and learn a good deal about not only the specific regional flora and fauna of this exotic island , but also learn how to use these special elements to create beautiful and tasty meals that are authentic to the region.However , what I got was a very generic description of stereotypicalGreek culture/cuisine hosted by an American woman who thought it would be cute to do a show on Santorini because she had her wedding cermony there . The introduction to the program was a photo montage of her wedding ; this was followed by segments that included her asking uninformed questions along the lines of the `` stupid American '' , which showed her ignorance of Greece and its cuisine , and cooking and wine in general . The photography was also very amateur ; it was filmed by her Greek husband who seemed to think it cute that he could help his wife out on this pet project of hers -LRB- he was apparently the enabler of this notion of her as the `` modern goddess '' , which is the name of her website . -RRB- All in all , the DVD was unenlightening , unauthentic , and I generally felt embarrassed for both the hostess and her photographer .
 If you are expecting video clips of the essential performers of the Lighthouse All Stars era then I would suggest you look elsewhere . Perhaps five of the eighty minutes could be considered performance video . Most does n't include the Lighthouse All Star key players in any significant way and mostly only pieces of tunes . I believe this was a missed opportunity to present a major video representation of West Coast Jazz performance . However , if your interest is in an abundance of talk about something you can neither see nor hear this may be the DVD for you . However you will see some snapshots , a few excellent Bill Claxton photographs , but a lot more album covers of the variety you can see in used LP venues . Howard Rumsey , the bassist with most of the Lighthouse All Star recordings , provides a running history on how the Lighthouse evolved .
 A MARKETING EXECUTIVE -LSB- STEPHEN BALDWIN -RSB- IS AN INSOMNIAC WHO WALKS ALL HOURS OF THE NIGHT . ONE NIGHT , HE WITNESSES A MURDER AND WHEN HE TELLS THE COPS , HE BECOMES THE NUMBER ONE SUSPECT . WELL-PLOTTED AND DECENTLY ACTED , BUT THE MOVIE JUST SEEMS LIKE IT 'S MISSING SOMETHING MOST OF THE TIME . HOWEVER , I WILL COMPLIMENT STEPHEN BALDWIN FOR ACTUALLY BEING ABLE TO DO A GOOD ACTING JOB IN THIS MOVIE . UNLESS YOU LIKE MYSTERIES , DO N'T BUY THIS ONE . JUST RENT IT . ONE QUESTION ; WHO PUT THAT ANNOYING MUSIC IN THIS MOVIE ?!!!!
 I thought this movie was very poor overall . Very predictable . I thought it looked intriguing , but I was sorely disapointed . There is actually a short independent film by the same name -LRB- I found it when googling `` Dead Awake '' when I was trying to find info about this movie -RRB- that is frankly much more impressive . Check it out - and then realize how sad it is that a short independent film is much more entertaining than this multi-million dollar wannabe thriller .
 I only gave it 2 stars because Ashton was soooo handsome , but the movie stinked , passed it on to my teenage daughter who by the way likes it , go figure .
 In addition to being a complete waste of time , money , effort -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- and resources , this film did not deserve to be made . So many struggling actors , directors , writers that are out there that spin yarns more enjoyable in their sleep , and yet , Hollywood green-lights these ridiculous movies that degrade humanity and set us back as a people . We need to reject these movies and begin supporting smaller features with more heart and soul . I do n't personally care for the lack of talent possessed by this movie 's stars , but even I can admit that they can do much better .
 I purchased this movie through unbox and the movie only plays the first 15 minutes ...
 I recieved this for my birthday along with a few other Blu-ray 's and when we put it in to watch it a week later it skipped constantly and was not even watchable.Since it had been a week over the 30 days since it was purchased -LRB- FOR A GIFT -RRB- Amazon would not replace it but after I spent $ 7 shipping it back they gave us a credit of $ 14 . So in reality the disc cost over $ 31 and I got $ 7 back to replace it . Way to treat your Amazon Prime customers . I guess I wont be buying anymore gifts or making any wishlists again .
 Well , it is as much as I have predicted , a barely watchable comedy with mediocre stars Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher heading the cast . There were some funny moments , Kutcher either had the better lines or more experience in comedies where as Diaz 's only real success at comedy started and ended with There 's Something About Mary . Kutcher should n't have quit his day job and stayed on That 70 's Show , he played the airheaded clueless and incredibly dumb part very well . I think he 's trying to break out more into film , and I guess it 's only a matter of time when he 's given the right script ? I ca n't recall the last really good film Diaz was ever in ? Ca n't say Charlie 's Angels , it was OK , but nothing special . What Happens in Vegas pretty much plays out the predictable story of two people who go to Vegas to forget out their personal troubles , get hammered -LRB- like many I expect -RRB- and end up married . Perhaps by fate , Kutcher pulls the handle and thus wins 3 million dollars . Well , now they are both in it for the money , but instead of being granted an annulment or a divorce , Judge Miller sentences them to 6 months hard marriage counseling . Some funny things happen that I got a kick out of . Both do horrible things to each other to make the other quit . Diaz ties up the bathroom for hours , Kutcher uses the sink for a toilet and `` Oh , by the way ... it 's your day to do dishes . '' Plus the removal of the bathroom door and the toilet seat was classic . I 'll have to remember than one for myself . In the end , both being to `` grow on one another '' but in its predictability and clich&eacute; story/screen play ... What Happens in Vegas pretty much lost my full attention about half way through . Not terrible , but certainly not great by any stretch of the means . I ca n't recommend buying it , perhaps watching it out of curiosity ... that ' about as far as it goes . There are better comedies out there , and if you want to see a classic with a Vegas back drop , watch `` Honey Moon in Vegas '' , a far funnier and more entertaining film ... pure , classic Nicholas Cage comedy at its best .
 Zero chemistry between Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher . The title makes it seem like this will be another Vegas caper flick . Not . Very little actually happens in Vegas here , though what does happen is what passes for the funniest part of this unfunny date movie . The rest is a yawn , at best . Nothing is even remotely believable . Watch if you have nothing better at hand .
 `` What Happens in Vegas , '' the comedy starring Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher , is a story built on a ludicrous premise and laden with romantic comedy clich&eacute;s , sparkly dental work , and frenetic acting . It 's the kind of movie that makes you wonder , `` What could they have been thinking ? `` Commodities trader Joy McNally -LRB- Diaz -RRB- has just been dumped by her boyfriend . Jack Fuller -LRB- Kutcher -RRB- has just been fired from his job by his own father -LRB- Treat Williams -RRB- . Hooking up with their respective best friends , Tipper -LRB- Lake Bell -RRB- and Hater -LRB- Rob Corddry -RRB- , Joy and Jack head for Las Vegas to put their troubles on the back burner and cut loose . Joy and Jack meet each other , hit it off , get falling-down drunk , and wake up the next morning to discover they 've been married . Now sober , they both realize they made a terrible mistake and agree to dissolve the marriage.All changes , however , when Jack puts Joy 's quarter into a slot machine and wins its $ 3 million jackpot . They argue over whose money it is until Jack reminds Joy that , because they 're married , the money belongs to both of them . They go to court to argue ownership of the money and have a divorce granted , but the judge -LRB- Dennis Miller -RRB- orders them to stay married for six months.If you 're wondering , `` Why do n't they just split the dough and go their separate ways ? '' you have far more common sense than the script writers . When a movie is based on so flimsy a premise , it 's very hard to get on board for the ride , especially when there is enough ineptness for three bad movies here.The viewer knows not only precisely how the film will wind up , but how the journey will progress . There are few surprises , no twists , just the interminable waiting for the movie to end.Diaz has been effective in other comedies , most notably `` Something About Mary . '' She has a bright , sunny personality that can make her character shine when the material is first class . With lesser material , she tries hard , overacts in the hope of punching up lame gags , and is strident . Her Joy is never believable , and we never accept for a nanosecond that she has the brains to be a top stock trader.Kutcher , who rose to fame on the TV sitcom `` That 70 's Show '' playing a lovable dim bulb , is going down the path of career suicide by accepting role after similar role in substandard , dumb comedies like this one . He has the makings of a long career in film . He 's good looking , has that hard-to-define star quality , and is likable . But he has failed to branch out into more diverse parts , even after showing some real acting chops in `` The Butterfly Effect '' a few years ago . His Jack is standard sitcom issue . We see he 's a screw-up at the company his dad runs , but never understand why . He drinks a lot , but this is played solely for comic effect . If the movie is about the quest to find one 's true self , it never addresses why the principals are lost in the first place.The secondary characters Tipper and Hater , who have an ongoing love/hate relationship , are on hand for additional laughs , yet their repartee seems more mean-spirited and sour than funny . Their timing is way off , and neither knows when to underplay a line or let the camera create a punchline . They 're hampered by weak material , never given an extended scene of their own , and relegated to limp one-liners . Ms. Bell and Mr. Corddry should watch a few Astaire-Rogers films to see how to alternateattraction and repulsion comically . They were masters at it . `` What Happens in Vegas '' is rated PG-13 for some crude language and scenes of irresponsible drinking .
 J Adams may not believe that your comments are worth a response , but I ca n't resist . Your correct in your self-description of a lack of mental capacity . I assume that not liking this particular film means that the viewer has no sense of ` humor ' ? Wake up ! This film was a box office flop , which according to you logic would mean that most of America has no sense of humor . Wrong , we 're just tired of seeing the same stupid plot with same stupid jokes . And we are tired of Hollywood assuming that the public consists of 15yr old boys who can only understand bathroom humor . Stupidity does not always equal funny . My friends have funnier conversations and it does n't cost $ 15 . I do n't need to throw away money to watch actors being paid millions just to remake their last comedy -LRB- and I use that term loosely -RRB- . I can turn on cable TV any time of the day and never fail to find another version of this film . And if you have n't noticed , Kutcher plays only 1 character and replays the same unfunny jokes each time . The comment to see `` Honeymoon in Vegas '' is on the mark . At least that film was smart snd funny . In `` What Happens . . '' it 's like they wrote the script in 5 minutes after viewing Kutcher 's other films . If you think ` elite ' is expecting an actual plot and humor , then I guess most Americans are ` elitists ' . I just hate leaving the theater thinking `` thats 2 hours of my life that I 'll never get back '' . If you want to laugh at the silly or slapstick throw in a copy of `` Duck Soup ''
 I do n't know what Carmen Diaz was thinking taking on this dud . But all I have to say is do n't waste your money on this . Predictable , boring and not funny . Stealing scenes from War of the Roses with michael Douglas pissing on the roast and others , come on , be original already
 I ca n't believe they let movies this bad finish production . This movie is awful , not funny in anyway , and the only person who might like it is a 12 yr old girl
 This DVD was Blu Ray which i have no use for . It is my fault but i think it should be called out a little better in the ad
 Blu-ray did not work due to region incompatiability . This was not stated anywhere in the description when I purchused the item . Was very dissapointed : -LRB-
 I recently purchased `` what happens in vegas '' the dvd was brand new and sealed as described . The dvd would not play though . It said it was only meant to play in a `` region A area '' and I had a region b dvd player . Im not sure what that means but the dvd is now useless to me .
 ** SPOILERS ** The question before us is this
 Love this movie but we ordered it through Amazon prime movie selections . We paid $ 3.99 for a 24 our rental in the afternoon and decided halfway through the movie to run some errands . When we sat down to finish the movie it made us put our pin number back in and charges us again ... this was just a few hours after purchased the first one . Will be taking this up with Amazon after the New Year !!
 If you 've seen any `` romantic comedy '' made between 1998 and the present , you 've pretty much seen this movie . All the usual cliches are here
 I am really surprised at this sub-plot of coming back again and again to portray Joy 's Chinese colleague in the worst possible stereotype . While I liked the movie and found the leading actors cute and funny I could n't figure out the racist approach everytime Joy 's Chinese colleague had to say something or do something . The scenes at work or in the boardroom or in the boss 's house or in the night party with the Chinese woman with her Chinese husband ? I thought that was far too much and I thought all this confirms it was done on purpose . Maybe it is fashionable now to bash China ? What others think about this ? I did not also appreciate the portrayal of other minorities in the movie , such as the African American guy who arrived in a police suit . Is the movie telling us that only this couple of mainstream white Americans can be truly `` American '' and that Joy 's boss found a connection with her husband -LRB- Ashton -RRB- because he displayed some cultural treats ?
 So bad a movie I could n't finish it . I like crazy , funny and foolish movies but this movie was absolutely horrible . Not even FUNNY !
 If you really intend on watching this movie then go ahead and rent it . Its good for a few laughs induced by some silly comedy but that 's just about it . If you have seen one Ashton Kutcher comedy then you have seen them all , his abilities in comedic acting are pretty much one dimensional and try as he might he just could not keep up with Cameron Diaz 's comedic skills for sure .
 Do n't blink ... No ! Really ! Do n't blink or you could miss it.Thin plot line ... . The movie did n't have a lot of direction ... However I loved the first 15minutes . Ca n't really remember the rest ... hummm ... Sorry . `` What Happened To The Rest Of This Movie ? '' What does happen in Vegas ? Maybe we are not ment to know ? It 's a secret ... yeah ... thats it ... its a secret . Lets all just guess what happens in Vegas ... Unbox get your act together ! The movie has a runtime of only 15 minutes.But not to worry I have heard that unbox has just released the extended version of What Happens in Vegas ... SO ... . FOR ONLY ANOTHER $ 14.99 YOU CAN OWN THE EXTENED VERSION WHICH HAS A RUNTIME OF 16 MIN AND 3/8 . JUST KIDDIN ' ... 16min and ... 5/8 .
 As a rule , the best romantic comedies are pleasurable affairs with engaging stars who brighten the silver screen . However , the obnoxious pairing of Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher defies entertainment value . `` What Happens in Vegas '' should have stayed in the vault . A lame premise and brain-dead filmmaking add up to a painful cinematic experience . Save your gambling money and place your bets on `` Honeymoon in Vegas . ''
 Night of the living Dead is a laugh riot compared to this corps for a comedy .
 Is it me or is there a HUGE anti asian slam in this movie ? With absolutely no relevance to the story ? What does the director have against asians ? As for the movie Cameron Diaz predictable she plays the same character in every movie she makes , Aston Kutcher same as Cameron .
 The Glass House -LRB- Daniel Sackheim , 2001 -RRB- There 's a scene about two thirds of the way through The Glass House that pretty much sums up every way in which this movie went wrong . It 's hard to set the scene without spoilers , but I 'll attempt to do it anyway
 Ah yes , Leelee Sobieski ... what can I say ? A poor man 's Helen Hunt in an even poorer film . Skip it . Better yet , hopscotch it .
 Normally I like movies that star Leelee Sobieski , but the Glass House was disappointing . It was a very slow moving movie . The previews made the movie look very suspenceful , but when I watched the movie , I found myself waiting for the suspenceful parts that never happened . I would not recommend this movie unless you have nothing else to choose from .
 If you are looking for a good thriller ... this movie is NOT for you . the movie had a poor story line and is hard to follow . there are numerous occasions where LeeLee does something -LRB- eg -- > saving the number of the man after mr. glass to the phone -RRB- and nothing comes of it . . almost like it 's just a time filler because they cant think of anything better to put in there . once i watched the trailer again on the dvd i realized how much the trailer gave away the movie . it was almost as if you could watch the trailer other than watching the movie for 2 hours and still get the entire story line of the movie with the little added bits in there . but as a dvd in general , the special features were ok . . not as good as they could have been . . but oh well .
 What begins as an intriguing thriller quickly turns into a major disappointment . The teen heroine is intelligent and quick-witted , but held back by an inept script that never has her do the obvious
 As much as I loved the film , I have to give this particular release one star because it suffers from RCE -LRB- the pathetic pseudoprotection supposed to prevent its playback outside R1 areas -RRB- ; to watch it , I had to switch my player 's region from 0 to 1 , which takes 6 key presses on my remote and is therefore time-consuming ... all right , so it was not a real problem , but since RCE DVDs are universally boycotted , I feel this warning is in order .
 How bad this movie is.It 's not just cheesy , it 's also dumb . Just plain dumb . What happens when you get an intriguing plot , good actors , and cool sets ? Oddly enough , you get a poorly acted , scripted , ridiculous film.The plot is pretty good , although not in the least bit scary , as was advertised in the trailers . During the dramatic parts , I could n't keep from laughing . It was hard to believe some people actually wanted us to be quiet - were they actually enjoying the film ? The acting done by the man who plays Terry Glass is comical , not a reflection on him though - just the silly character . They try to keep you guessing , but I knew what was going on the moment I sat down -LRB- and I arrived late ! -RRB- Bottom line
 Ruby -LRB- Leelee Sobieski -RRB- and her 11 year old brother and sent to to live with The Glass family after their parents die in a car accident . Things get creepy right away , as Mr. and Mrs. Glass 's veneer of friendliness begins to fade away and their true colors appear . Mr. Glass seems to have more than fatherly intentions towards Ruby and Mrs. Glass is a drug addict -LRB- although she says she is a diabetic...uh-huh , sure . . -RRB- They are far from the compassionate caretakers they pretend to be and their motive is greed - pure and simple . The children have inherited a fortune and the Glasses need money . Badly.Unfortunately , the promising setup falls flat . Leelee Sobieski , a capable actress in other movies , is sorely miscast in this one . Her continually sullen dimeanor makes it hard to warm up to her . In fact , no one in this movie is particularly watchable or likeable.Evem worse the plot has more holes than a sieve and is n't scarey as much as it is just plain silly . If you 're into architecture , however , you will love the Glass 's house . It appears to be made entirely of glass -LRB- the Glasses live in a glass house , get it ? -RRB- and it is truly breathtaking . I would have enjoyed a 2 hour video tour of the house instead of the time wasted watching the movie .
 I 've seen a lot of movies in the theater this year , but this one was by far the worst . I came expecting a thriller , but it was more like I was going to fall asleep . The trailer is totally misleading , it looks all suspenseful . It 's stupid , boring and I could n't wait to get out of it . My butt ached the whole time and I got up to get food or to the bathroom a million times , because I was n't afraid to miss anything .
 Stellan Skarsgard and Diane Lane , two otherwise talented actors , completely embarass themselves in this absurd , trite and predictable `` thriller '' that turns out to be more of a comedy than anything else when all is said and done . Skarsgard and Lane play a wealthy couple who become the legal guardians of 2 teenagers when their parents are killed in a car crash . For some reason that is conveniently overlooked by the script , the fact that Skarsgard and Lane are 2 psychos is never realized by these parents , who have presumably known them for a long time . But of course , what place does logic have in this movie after all?While the performances are all good , the actors can only do so much with the terrible script they 're given to work with . Every plot `` twist '' can be seen coming a mile away . Some scenes even exceed the point of absurdity , case in point
 When there parents die in a tragic accident , A teen and her kid brother go to stay with there wealthy family friends , the Glasses in Malibu.But little do the sibling know , the Glasses are hiding a very sinister secret.When I first heard of this movie I thought it would be a decent thriller , with an interesting premise that looked promising enough.But unfortunately I was wrong.It lacked the thrills I was looking for with a very disappointing plot twist that i am not going to give away.Leeleee Sobieski made a very boring and overall uninteresting and pretty bland heroine but at least Stellan Skarsgard made a somewhat decent villain.Overall this film was just a disappointing thriller all around .
 Saying a movie has too many cliches is a cliche in itself , but man , somebody arrived to the set of this movie in an oil tanker filled with cliches and spilled it all over the place . Cliches were flying out of my tv screen like sharp knives putting everyone in my family in danger . My cat found a cliche in her food dish and tried to eat it.But then again , The Glass House was fun to watch in some ways . One being that I was able to predict exactly what was going to happen next every 2.3 minutes . We had the typical `` try to quietly steal the bad guy 's car keys when he 's sleeping then make a little noise and the bad guy tosses and turns a bit but doesnt wake up then you finally get the car keys but he eventually wakes up anyway to chase you '' scene . You know that scene ? Well it happened two seperate times in this movie ! Neither scene was suspenseful , and I 'm suprised anyone else felt this movie was suspenseful at all when you can predict what 's going to happen next in every scene.LeeLee Sobieski shows potential as an actress , and was n't too bad here considering the material , but she seemed very bored with the part . If got to a point where ya just want to enter the movie yourself and explain to her how to call the police , or take your clueless Nintendo playing brother and run as far away from this glass house as possible . But then the movie only would 've lasted 15 minutes right?Good . I know I 'm not supposed to say anything bad about the other reviewers , but I just ca n't understand how anyone would think this movie was good , suspensful , or scary in the least . What the heck is wrong with you people .2 stars because the movie looked nice .
 This is the kind of movie I 'd expect to see on HBO some night starring Elizabeth Berkley and Lance Henrikson , not coming to a theatre near me with Leelee Sobieski and Stellen Skaarsgard . Okay , I 'd trade Stellen for Lance everyday of the week and twice on Sunday , but you get the idea.Ruby -LRB- Sobieski -RRB- is a fun-loving normal teen until her parents ' untimely demise in a car accident . Along with her brother , she is sent to live with the Glasses ... Glass 's ... Glassesses . Whatever . You can probably guess if you 've seen these kinds of movies that they appear normal at first but after a while Mrs. Glass -LRB- Diane Lane -RRB- starts to look like an obsessive flake and Mr. Glass -LRB- Skaarsgard -RRB- starts to look like a leering , horny , letch . Of course , no one will believe Ruby when she tells them . You probably could guess that . The whole thing reaches its conclusion in a ludicrous car battle between Leelee and Stellan -LRB- in full Jason-you-can ` t-kill-him mode -RRB- and some guys that Stellan owes money to thrown in for fodder.Let 's do a post-mortem . There 's nothing really wrong with The Glass House -LRB- not in a Freddie Got Fingered way -RRB- . It 's just kinda blah . The only reason I feel an ounce of sympathy for Ruby is because she 's played by Sobieski who could bring warmth to a Hillary Clinton biography . Sorry , Hill . Stellan is good , but not as good as in Insomnia . And why put Diane Lane in this movie and give her so little to do . Jennifer Rubin could have played the exact same role just as effectively -LRB- and probably a lot cheaper -RRB- . The place where this movie really excels and separates itself from the made-for-cable stuff you see on HBO is the cinematography . The whole movie just looks amazing . The Glass 's house , while luxurious , is cold and forbidding -LRB- just like the Glasses -RRB- . It almost feels like they said `` Hey , we have this house that looks really cool , come up with a movie for it . '' If you have HDTV with a 16:9 screen I could almost recommend this movie just to show it off . Almost.Try to catch it on cable instead .
 The problem with titling a movie The Glass House is that it tempts critics and viewers to throw verbal stones at it . I will try to avoid that temptation , as the movie already has plenty of cracks in it.Strong thrillers are generally those in which the events are fairly plausible -- or at least they are believable enough for you not to question them until after the movie is over . A decent one is one in which the plot is silly but so much fun you put up with it . A mediocre thriller , such as The Glass House , is marred by plot holes so big that they bug you . You ca n't stop thinking about them . You begin to see the characters ' actions as simply responses to the script 's absurd demands . The actors start looking like people just working for a paycheck.Sixteen year old Ruby -LSB- Leelee Sobieski -RSB- and her brother , Rhett -LSB- Trevor Morgan -RSB- , who is twelve , are orphaned when their parents are killed in an auto accident . Their parents ' will leaves the kids well provided for , but their choice of guardians is not good . They picked Terry and Erin Glass -LSB- Stellan Skarsgaard and Diane Lane -RSB- , supposedly their best friends . The couple moves Ruby and Rhett into their vast , ultramodern house in California 's chic Malibu . The house is all glass , stainless steel , and cold blues , never a good sign for movie orphans . The first weird thing the Glasses do is to house the children together in the same room . Ruby immediately picks up on the strange vibes , while Rhett remains clueless throughout the movie , apparently having suffered permanent brain damage from too much Nintendo . Terry puts the moves on Ruby , while Erin , a pain management doctor , spends her time off shooting up drugs . Could they be after the kid 's inheritance ? Ruby tries to get help , but nobody believes her . They do n't believe her either because the script tells them not to or because she frowns and mumbles all the time.That part about having the same bedroom , which occurs early in the movie , was the first plot hole that threw me . The reason the Glasses do this is never addressed . It 's not like there are n't a dozen bedrooms in the place . If the couple is plotting to do away with the kids , would n't having everything appear to be normal make sense ? Why start off by alarming them ? When Ruby goes to the family attorney , he points out that , if they are taken away from the Glasses , they will be made wards of the state . Why ? Ruby and the audience find out at the start that she has an uncle in Chicago . Sure , until the funeral , he has n't been to visit in ten years , but it 's obvious he 's a nice , caring guy . Best or worst of all is why the parents would entrust their children with the Glasses in the first place . They 're obviously fruitcakes , good friends or not.Sobieski , a young Helen Hunt look-a-like , is a fine actress , but she is lost in this material . The pain on her face looks as if it came from long fights with the director over her character 's motivation . As the Glasses , Lane and Skarsgaard are great in their quieter moments but are laughable in the scenes where they must be over the top . Bruce Dern has a nice cameo as a sinister lawyer , as does Kathy Bates as a social worker.The photography is first-rate and is the movie 's strongest asset . The music is properly chilling . The plot 's basic elements have successfully worked in other thrillers . It 's too bad the writers ' did n't think to watch them first .
 This movie was the worst of the year . Not scary at all . there are so many holes in this movie ... * sigh * . i have no words for this movie .
 This review is going to be short and sweet :1 . Leelee Sobieski is the only reason to see this movie and one day someone is going to give her a chance to prove how great I think she can be .2 . Diane Lane is wasted in a ridiculous role of a doctor/drug addict . She should have known better having been in films since she was approx . 10 yrs old .3 . Has the director , Daniel Sackheim ever seen an Alfred Hitchcock or for god 's sake a Wes Craven movie ? 4 . The `` glass house '' is extraordinarily beautiful.Thanks .
 Though it seems to have come out in 02 , cell phones do n't exist here in a kind of crappy teen slasher pic . The 16 year old at the center is suspicious from the start , but most of the film is a build up to her worst fears coming true . The script is mediocre , so the tension is n't there and the evil guardians do n't ring true either .
 I thought this film would be like Hand That Rocks The Cradle . Obviously it was just a reason to give LeeLee a starring role . The best actors are the insane couple . LeeLee is stiff and under acts the entire film . The director gets an A for effort , but this film is nothing different . The Glass House is all right for a movie to catch on late-night cable . But I would n't spend any money on it . I bought the movie when it first came out on video and have sense tossed it in the trash . Not exciting enough to keep watching . Save your time and energy for Joy Ride if you 're a LeeLee Sobieski fan .
 Well , if the movie will not disappoint you , I do n't know what will ...
 Sorry for the opening sarcasm , but I rented this one from pay-per-view , taping it as I usually do . I was expecting a great film with superb acting . Well , the acting was superb , with Diane Lane , the ever hottie she is ;--RRB- , doing another fantastic job as a drugged-out motherless wife . Her hubby , as it turns out , is in over his head with some mobster types . Well , they bring in some kids who have just lost their parents to a tragic ... `` accident '' , and have taken guardianship of them . Of course , our lovely couple really wants the money that was left to the kids and then ... I was left holding the remote , aimlessly watching the credits role before my eyes , thinking I would have been better off having watched another one of ESPN 's ` Sports Century ' or even E 's ` Wild On ' ... well , that last one might be a stretch.In all fairness , Leelee -LRB- such a fun name -RRB- Sobieski is convincing and Diane Lane , well she 's flat out hot . The plot , however , is pure nonesense . Of course , this is just my opinion . You might be one of those people who watches it , enjoys it , and places it on the movie shelf right next to Wild Things and Cruel Intentions.Go in peace , my children , go in peace .
 This movie is the 21st centuries version of a `` B '' rated movie . It is entirely predictable and not very thrilling for being a mystery thriller movie . The acting , well , I hope these actors do n't quit their real jobs . You guess the ending before it 's over . I would certainly NOT waste $ to purchase this movie .
 This movie was laughable . The story was weak from start to finish and ended absolutley predictable . The film bordered being so stupid you could laugh at it and sucking so bad you wanted might as well spend your time taking a ... Do n't even waste your time with the rental , wait for it on HBO if you have to see it .
 I expected The Glass House to deliver a suspenseful clever twisting and turning of events amidist creepy adoptive parents . Well ... the creepy parents was the only thing we got . LeeLee Sobieski is as stiff as an ironing board , most of the time seeming too embarrassed about taking the role to function properly . The plot seemed great , but the story 's twists and turns could have been thought of by a 3rd grade classroom ... and they frankly make our heroine look as dumb as a brick . How did this girl not figure out that the lawyer was giving up information to the adoptive family ? Hello ... earth to Leelee . Some of it was meant to be exploitative ... like her swimming in the pool in a ridiculous bikini ... or the secretary at the office . No matter , the ending was an anti-climax . But it was all pretty bad .
 Gosh , this movie was so lame and so ridiculous . There was no suspense , no thrill at all , and not for one second was I hooked to this movie . The whole premise of the movie is screwed up . The kids ' parent 's die , and the guardians they 're forced to live with are only after their money -LRB- not to mention psycho -RRB- , so they 're basically killed . What was the point of this all ?
 I wanted to like this movie , I really did . I was looking for some good movies to watch and I saw this one . Eh . . not what I expected.From the front , it looks like it 'll be a super scary , awesome movie.Undoubtedly it was good at parts , and the acting was pretty good , but ... it was one of those kind of movies where you are watching the movie and you start yelling at the screen , `` No ! No , do n't do that ! Jeez , you - no ! I ca n't believe she did that ... Idiot . '' Like , if you know the killer 's in the dark room and they go into the dark room anyways because they lost their cat or something ... ? I actually found myself calling the main character an idiot more than once . When the kids -LRB- not to give away the plot -RRB- get out of the basement , they go and get the keys to the car to get away . Personally , I would have hightailed it out of there and ran as fast as possible away . Secondly , when Ruby sees -LRB- spoilers -RRB- Erin dead , would n't you think she 'd call 911 ? But nope , she does n't . Thirdly , the girl is 16 years old ; she is taking a Drivers Ed class . You 'd think she 'd at least know a LITTLE bit about driving ... in the scene where she 's taking her brother away with her and it 's raining , she drives like a little kid ! Sure she was only in the class for a little while , and she did say she was a bad driver , but seriously?All in all , if you and your friends wan na pop something in to watch and you feel like making fun of the character 's stupid mistakes , go right on ahead and watch ! We all need those movies from time to time , you know ? I 'm not being sarcastic when I say that , by the way.I did give it two stars , though , because it did make me jump and gasp a few times . I always love movies that can genuinely make me gasp or jump . :-RRB- It 's not a bad movie , it just could have been directed better .
 ... The young actress who made her mark ... in `` Eyes Wide Shut '' has now become more voluptuous , and Hollywood is apparantly full speed ahead in getting her wet and unclothed in `` serious '' movies.I am giving away no plot by saying this is one of those films where the main characters are put into a new situation that turns out to be menacing . Usually , these films show things going fine , and small things start happening to make the heroes start wondering what they got themselves into . This movie does n't waste time with such formalities.The plot concerns a slilghtly rebellious teenager and her younger brother all of a sudden becoming orphans . They are immediately given sympathetic offers of help from all sides by various relatives and acquaintences . Problem is that each offer seems to come with a leering or menacing look from the offerer , which naturally makes her more uncomfortable.For whatever reason , they choose to come live with a couple who seem to be a friend of the family , even after getting an offer from a blood relative . Maybe it 's because the friends of the family live in a multi-million , state-of-the-art , everything-always-in-its-place ... -LSB- sea-side -RSB- mansion . But instead of at least appearing like a decent deal from the beginning , the couple seems creepy right from the start . ... And the couple is not just plain creepy . They are domineering , self destructive creeps who are pretty much portrayed as evil from day one . This could still possibly work in a movie if they would have brought in some buckets of horror and terror a lot earlier into the movie . But it does n't . ... . If they wanted to make a good movie , it should have been a lot more intense a lot quicker , and they should have kept the intensity throughout . But they took it easy , and figured if you are content to watch a nineteen-year-old play a sixteen-year-old , you 'll buy a ticket .
 `` Run of the mill '' was a term I kept thinking while watching THE GLASS HOUSE . By the time it reaches its CAPE FEAR finale -LRB- where the villain appears to survive everything to remain a threat -RRB- , I 'd lost interest in the story -- mainly because the characters were n't very interesting to begin with.Leelee Sobieski is a hot teen girl . She looks great in a bikini , looks great standing around , just looks great . But there 's really nothing to her character to distinguish her from any other teenage girl . She 's sympathetic because she 's ... hot . -LRB- She 's certainly not very good at eavesdropping since she gets caught every single time -RRB- . You know what might have made this movie more interesting ? Leelee actually begins to have feelings for her new guardian , Stellan Skarsgard . He charms her , pulls her in , draws her out of her depression over the death of her parents -LRB- imagine the betrayal that sets up ! -RRB- . But his character is so slimy and creepy that I 'm surprised he was n't wearing a hockey mask or even a black stovepipe hat with a black moustache from his first scene . Everything is so undeveloped and by-the-numbers that nothing is a surprise.Diane Lane and Bruce Dern are around but the movie wastes their considerable talents.When it 's over , you 're left with ... okay ... that 's it , huh ?
 This film had an interesting premise . The cast was promising . The Glass House seemed like a fairly interesting little film.It was interesting in a disappointing sort of way . While the DVD quality was good , the actual quality of the story leaves much to be desired . The performances are OK , but the story waivers and is inconsistent , and does n't adequately set you up for a lot of the plot points . In terms of a thriller , there are definitely WAY better choices out there . And a lot of questions are n't really answered effectively , so the plot ca n't chug along in the manner intended . That being said ... you see the outcome a MILE away . But The Glass House just does n't delivery in terms of a strong , well-constructed story that hums along and packs a punch in the thrills department.Really ... watch this if you are forced to only . It 's just a waste of time otherwise .
 I was hooked on the trailer , and I was looking forward to seeing this movie . Unfortunately , the best part of the film WAS the trailer . My problem with the movie was the convenient moments of incredibly nonsensical behavior . Just when a bit of tension was building , our heroine fails us . I watched the movie with a group of 12 friends , and we all were shouting at the film at the same times . `` Duh ... call the police ! '' `` Um , could you be any more obvious ? '' By the latter part of the film , we were all cheering the bad guys on . Our reason ? `` Anyone doing things that stupid deserves to get whacked . `` Bottom line - Revved the engines but failed to engage the gears .
 THE GLASS HOUSE is about a girl and her brother and they get adopted by their neighbours because their parents died in a car accident . Leelee Sobieski plays Ruby -LRB- that girl -RRB- and she 's your typical high school student . After Ruby and her brother move in with their new guardians -LRB- the Glasses -RRB- they start to notice some weird things about them . That 's all i 'm saying about the plot . THE GLASS HOUSE is suprisingly bland . It offers no suspense , a mediocre storyline , predictable plot -- shall I go on ? It was boring OK ! It could 've been a `` made for TV movie '' or one that goes straight to video . It should be collecting dust on the shelves soon .
 At a glance , this film would appear to have a nice Hitchcockian plot , filled with suspense and doubt . However , even the intial setup winds up being clunky and nonsensical , while the rest of the film see-saws between laughably ridiculous and painfully dull . Though Leelee Sobieski , Stellan Skaarsgard , and Diane Lane all have given wonderful performances in other films , each of them falls flat in this one , which is to be expected , given how little they had to work with by way of plot and direction . Seek out their other works , and avoid `` The Glass House '' like the plague .
 I agree with the reviewer who said it was the worst movie of the year because it was . The movie was predictable and suffered from poor acting all around ... or maybe it was just poor direction . It was n't suspenseful or thrilling . It was just bad .
 I have been unable to watch this movie because of some zone issue . I am not happy . I have seen this movie before and found it to be very good wanted my friends to see it also but they were n't so lucky .
 the glass house ... smashes ... this movie is so bad ... if i could give it zero stars i would ... there was nothing good about this movie except the ending ... the characters were dull ... and boring . . the movie was dragged so much you could take the house away and bring it back and they still wouldnt be anywhere . . if you want a movie that will put you to sleep this is it ... dont buy this movie it is a waist of money ... rent it if you dare ... but be warned it is terrible ...
 It 's OK to have a low budget , and to try to make something worthwhile out of it , within your alloted humble scope . Unfortunately , scrimping on a director was not a good decision in this undertaking . They needed an old pro who knows how to work fast and get decent shots that flow , have meaning , allow the actors to present a character etc. . Inept staging of scenes leave the cast floundering over and over . Statues standing and saying lines , over and over . Many look grim in their scenes simply because they know the captain of the ship does n't know what he is doing ... and this film will be a mess . There is a good cast , and the skeleton of a good story ... but a good recipe does not make a good cook .
 More of a cold spaghetti western -LRB- as they are called -RRB- than a true sequel to the American western original . Lee Van Cleef is found in other ` spaghetti westerns ' like The Good the Bad and the Ugly with dubbed English translations over the Italian . This film is a lot of action with limited character development and amiable characters like Ronaldo the loner who in the original gets ` adopted ' by a couple of the village boys only to die in their arms later.Good action , but personally I liked it less knowing that it was somewhat cold and not very true to the original .
 Absolutely zero value . Presentation designed to sell snag-it software . Second part of the presentation was commercial on Jim 's graphic designer . Beware making any purchase based on five-star rating . This is absolute nonsense .
 Rented this dvd while I thought I was going to get a tutorial on how to create a killer PowerPoint Presentation but what he gives is basic information you could have gotten off of YouTube for FREE !
 I 've waited so long for one of my all time favorite films to come out on DVD and was really disapointed . The colorized version is laughable and the Black and white version is grainy and in bad need of restoration . If it were n't for Shirley Temple there would be no Fox Studios , so come on guys before you release her other films , do it right !
 I 've always loved this movie and was thrilled to get it on DVD but the picture quality is horrendous . This is the worst DVD I 've ever seen from a major studio . The colorized version was done back in the 80 's before the process was refined and it looks awful . The black and white version is even worse . It looks like someone dragged the film down the street and then transfered it to DVD . Shame on Fox for leaving this version the only one available.Postscript-I picked up the remastered release in the pink package and it 's a fine transfer of the movie-about time Fox ! Hopefully the rest of the good Temple vehicles will be released in as good a shape as this one . Recommended .
 I rented this 88 min . long DVD . Very disappointed that it did not tell the same story I remember seeing as a child . It seems that Paramount has cut the original so that much of the character building scenes are no longer present . That is what really made the story of Heidi have an impact . If I had never seen it before I would be sorely disappointed in the story . As it is now , I am only disappointed in what has been done to the movie . If anyone knows of a full length version that is available , I am there ! Could it be the one referred to by your other reviewer -LRB- Jake Marsico -RRB- that Fox has done ?
 I was pretty disappointed when I saw this movie . I have read the book , seen quite a few Heidi movies , but this one is not close to the book . The first part is ok , but the second part is totally made up.Chasings , prison , Fr . Rottenmeier is very evil and -LRB- spoiler -RRB- tries to sell Heidi , etc.If you look for a Heidi movie that portaits the book , do n't get this one . If you want a movie about Shirley Temple , this one is fine then . Being from Germany , this one dissapointed me . My favorite Heidi movie is the 1956 w / Elsbeth Sigmund . It has a few changes from the book , but in generell is close to it and also gives you a feel of the time and place where Heidi would have lived .
 As someone who loves the story Johanna Spyri created , this version of Heidi is the worst production of the story I have ever watched . Number one , it does not follow the wonderful written tale that Spyri penned . Two , the painted scenery is a real mockery of the beautiful Alps in Switzerland and three the acting is very affected , even by Miss Temple . If you want a true authentic version of this story , order the Disney DVD starring Jason Robards as the Grandfather , Patricia Neal as Peter 's Grandmother , Jane Seymour as Fraulein Rottenmeyer and of course Noley Thornton who gives an outstanding performance as Heidi .
 As one who finds Johanna Spyri 's `` Heidi '' to be one of the best children 's books , I find this transition to melodrama dreadful , and totally untrue to the book 's text . The independent Heidi , whose warmth and faith are such that she is fearless and completely kind , is reduced to a picture book moppet . Worse yet , characters such as Dete and Fraulein Rottenmeir , who , in the book , are respectively rather self-centred and puzzled at the lower class child , are depicted as totally wicked - ready to sell Heidi to the gypsies ! Clara , who in the original is disabled more because of her elders ' fear and over-protectiveness than because of her unnamed illness , now is the target of a wicked governess who has a financial interest in keeping her ill and weak.This dreadful film is suited only to those who are die hard fans of Shirley Temple .
 The best part of this film was the scene in which she gets knocked down by a goat ! LOL it was funny , that 's worth a star
 I did n't see anything totally special or touching about this movie . The Alps do n't even look that pretty . If you want to see the best Heidi I suggest watching the 1993 version of it .
 `` Heidi '' is a charming film , and one of Shirley Temple 's best star vehicles . It was originally released in 1937 , near the end of Temple 's long reign as the Number One box office attraction in America . In addition to a captivating performance by Miss Temple in the title role , it features excellent supporting turns from Jean Hersholt as the Grandfather , and the wonderful character actress Mary Nash as Temple 's vitriolic adult nemesis -LRB- she also did a masterful job of menacing poor Shirley in the 1939 version of `` The Little Princess '' -RRB- . Give the movie **** 1/2 for its endearing sentimentality and lush production.But rate the DVD an utter BOMB , and a dud at that . Fox Home Video offers two versions of the film on this disc , neither one of which is an acceptable transfer of this fondly-remembered and eagerly-anticipated release . One is the wretched `` colorized '' version that was released during that dreadful time in film history when modern businessmen dared to tamper with the classic artistry of bona fide filmmakers from the Golden Era -LRB- an experiment which critics and consumers alike rejected ... how many black and white classics are being colorized today ? -RRB- . The other version offered on the DVD is a substandard transfer of a very poor black and white print that is an insult to consumers . It does n't do the original film justice , and more importantly , it 's NOT the best print currently available . I predict that in a couple of years , Fox will offer a `` newly restored '' edition , and make the public buy this title once again to get an improved copy that should be available NOW . -LRB- Can you say , `` Disney 's ` Little Mermaid ' '' ? -RRB- I recommend you wait , and hold on to your money . Do not encourage studios by purchasing whatever inferior product they toss into the marketplace . This DVD is an insult to both Miss Temple whose box office popularity saved 20th Century-Fox from ruin during the depths of the Depression , and to the public who wishes to enjoy her unique talents on DVD .
 this does not work please help , reads on the computer not in the dvd player help !!! kids very unhappy please help
 Heidi is a wonderful story . Although I love Shirley Temple movies , I was disappointed that this movie did not follow the story line of the book but added unnecessary plot line . I would not let my younger grandchildren watch this adaptation of Heidi . The cover may be color but the movie is B & W
 Clearly the writer/director of this movie needed the discipline of a Hal Wallis-style producer . The `` love triangle '' surface story should have been trimmed so that the plot got to the twists quicker . The cast is also too youthful
 This DVD wont play in my DVD player . No good if its not multi-regional . No good therefore in Europe !
 Whatever happened to fair and balanced ? Did Werner produce this documentary ? What about the people who had nervous breakdowns after attending his seminars , the marriages that fell apart , the friendships that ended , etc. . There is no doubt that some people have benefited from EST. . But the techniques used are dangerous , and the fact that a person 's life is ` transformed ' is not the sole measure of whether this seminar is good or not . If , through hypnosis , you achieve great things in life you must ask yourself
 While I agree with the previous reviewer about the overall summary of this film in general , the transfer is extra hazy , even for Alpha and being a 1932 film . This is one of the worst transfers I have ever seen from the company . This is a British print of the American made movie . Very distracting buzzing throughout as occurs with some other Alpha titles , even to the point where it distorts the actor 's voices a couple of times . People , Beware of this print ! Do n't waste your money!P.S . I do n't know anything about the `` new '' Tapeworm company version . I have never before heard of the Tapeworm company , so buy at your own risk .
 I bought this DVD expecting the video quality on this `` re-mastered '' version to be an improvement on the much cheaper original version I had bought a few years ago . No so . -LSB- The one star is for the quality of the product , not the movie . Ginger Rogers rocks -RSB- .
 Ginger Rogers -LRB- 1911-1995 -RRB- was certainly one of the hardest working actresses of the 1930s and 1940s , appearing in everything from her famous musicals with Fred Astaire to her Oscar-winning turn in the hard-edged drama KITTY FOYLE . Along the way , particularly in the early 1930s , she appeared in dozens of completely unmemorable `` B '' movies , of wich THE THIRTEENTH GUEST is merely one.The story is typical of murder mysteries that were popular in the 1920s and 1930s , and it borrows a great deal from such silent classics as THE CAT AND THE CANARY and THE BAT . Thirteen years ago a man invited his family to a dinner during which he read a will that specifies a thirteenth guest -- who never arrives -- will be his heir . Then , in the way of such films , he dies immediately , leaving his money-hungry family to wonder what it is all about . Thirteen years later Ginger Rogers , one of the possible heirs , shows up with a clue
 DVD transfer is decent but not great . This film suffers from too many very dark scenes and too few minutes with Miss Rogers on camera . Lyle Talbot is just not that amusing as the he attempts to carry the picture . This is a murder mystery with folks dropping dead throughout the picture . However , the wit -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- is what keeps this from being rated higher.Recommended to
 Since Spike Lee has slammed renowned director/actor Clint Eastwood for his lack of utilizing Africain Americans in his two war movies -- I was curious to see how bad after reading the many reviews on this film was . The verdict ? This has to rank as one of Spike 's worst movies right up there with `` Jungle Fever '' , `` Girl Six '' , `` School Daze '' , `` Mo Better Blues '' , etc. . You would think after he made two successful films like `` The 25th Hour '' or `` Inside Man '' but unfortunately he loaded this movie with his racial polemnics , stereotypes , irrevelant subplots -- it 's like he threw in the whole kitchen sink in this one !! Also the Black soldiers in this are depicted almost without exception as street types rather than the trained battle worn soldiers they truly were -- what a disservice . What really surprised me was when the english speaking Italian Renata beds down with the most unsympathetic character in the movie !! Do n't get me wrong there is some good acting in this film particularly from Derek Luke who has been in better movies than this like `` Spartan '' and `` Antwone Fisher '' and also the Italian actors were excellent too . In fact I found the segments with Italian partisans more involving than the subplots of the infantry -- figure that out . What this film needed was a better story and director perhaps John Singleton , Carl Franklin , Bill Duke and even Mr Eastwood himself . I 've heard that many of the Italian survivors of the atrocity are angry at Lee and James McBride , the writer of this story for taking liberties to the story . If you want a better film on the contributions of Africain Americans to the war effort , rent `` Glory '' . Oh and by the way , in the early scenes of `` Flags of Our Fathers '' , there are some Black soldiers shown as ambulance and stretcher bearers !!
 It does n't quite come up to the insane level of incomprehensibility of `` Dragon Wars '' , but this is one incoherent movie . It looks pretty ... the scenery is beautiful in much of the film ... but the story is ridiculous on many levels . Perhaps the silliest bit is when the Nazi officer gives his Luger pistol to the protagonist near the end of the film instead of just shooting him . WTF ??!!! I actually laughed out loud at that moment.There is probably a really good movie to be made about the `` Buffalo Soldiers '' in WWII . Maybe more than one . But this surely is not it . What a disappointment .
 This film contained too many historical inaccuracies to count . It is irritating , disconnected , and promotes ridiculous racial stereotypes . Thank God this was not Spike Lee 's first film . It would have been his last.Do not waste your time .
 Typical Spike Lee , not sure why I even gave this a chance . Poorly written -LRB- and inaccurate at times -RRB- , jumps all over the place , mostly subtitled and way too long .2 1/2 hours later , was n't sure what the miracle was.Don ' t waste your time on this one .
 I 'll not waste more of my time on this bad movie writing a review explaining in full detail the many ways this movie sucks . But * Basically * , it is too slow , too long , boring , annoying , pretentious , confusing , and silly . Central characters are n't developed well and there are too many unnecessary minor roles , scenes draw out while annoying background music never stops ... . and the story - the story is just a mess . Some of the negative customer reviews do a good job pointing out issues I had . Trust me , they 're mostly right . You wont believe in a miracle after witnessing this fiasco of a film . You 'll just find it 's a bunch of nonsense with some silly `` mystical '' bull thrown in with another Spike Lee ` joint ' about racist America . Imagine it is not a portrayal of black soldiers in WW2 -- take out that part -- and then it has nothing going for it . It 's a shame that when blacks finally get a film tribute for their service in the war and white America reminded of it 's racism its in a poorly made movie . Pass on this Spike Lee joint .
 2 + hours of your life you 'll never get back . The only good thing about the movie was getting to see Renata topless . I know just from that statement people will think my opinion is worthless , but trust me -LRB- and the 32 other people who agree with me -RRB- , I know the difference between a good movie and a bad one and this is a bad one . Do n't waste your time on it .
 Just pitiful ! For a man critical of other war time movies , Spike Lee put together the most convoluted , incoherent and defaming movie of its kind . His attempt to portray the brave 92nd/Buffalo soldiers in an heroic light failed , and actually accomplished the opposite . They were portrayed as undisciplined and irreverant . They were cast in a light inferior to those around them , while the self serving portrayal of white officers as bigoted idiots was just as offensive.Couple this with a completely disjointed story , gratuitous violence not at all in the vein of other superior movies about WWII until the village battle , and the unnecessry sexual encounter after the all in the movie call on Christ for their protection , and you have a true piece of crap.Mr . Lee really needs to think long and hard before he tries to make another attempt at bringing to light the true heroism of the Black American soldier . That would be the true miracle , for he has done all a grave disservice .
 call it a disaster , rubbish , poor , bad , its simply not good ...
 I 've owned this movie for a year but I finally watched it last night . For the first hour I thought I was watching a B movie . The acting was bad . The editing was terrible . The plot convoluted and silly . Unlike other reviewers I thought the battle scenes were poorly done . I also was offended by the racial stereotypes . The `` step and fetch it '' negroes the white supremist shop keeper etc. . Cartoon characters instead of human beings . There was even an embarassing `` Lordy ! Lordy ! eyes-bulging coward right out of 1920 's blackface pantomime , only this actor was black and was acting this way under the direction of a black man and the film was made in 2008 ! I really do not know what Spike Lee was thinking . Most of the acting is bad . The Train character sucked . Instead of coming accross as a pure innocent mystic , he seemed like an idiot . The other characters were confusing and inconsistant in their behavior . I lost track of who was who because I really did n't care after a while . The editing was terrible and choppy and the ending while interesting was cheesy . Ok so why did I give this trainwreck two stars ? Because underneath the bad acting , bad editing and racist cartoon characters was a nice story . I think a better director could have made this a great movie . Spike Lee blew it .
 Leonard Nimoy said it best years ago when he wrote that a director can not ride a bad script . In MIRACLE AT ST. ANNA there are great actors , locations , and military hardware . The problem is that they go nowhere with the story . Add to an already lame screenplay other half developed subplots and bizarre occurrences and you have MIRACLE AT ST. ANNA.This could have been a great war film about the 92nd Infantry Division `` Buffalo Soldiers . '' Having spent considerable time assigned to Fort Huachuca , Arizona I am quite familiar with the history of the Buffalo Soldiers . They certainly deserved better than this film.Summary
 Hyped as the greatest WWII film since ` Saving Private Ryan ' , this falls ` way ' short of even being an interesting movie . Did the director , Spike Lee , think that throwing a few body parts around was going to put this in the save category as ` Saving Private Ryan ' ? What was even worse , being a ` new release ' this title was n't discounted ` anywhere ' , as most new releases are on Tuesdays when typically new releases come out.Initially listed at $ 29.99 , marked down to $ 19.99 , not initially listed at $ 19.99 marked down to around $ 15.00 for the first week of the release.Initially listed at $ 29.99 ? For a ` single disk ' DVD , not to mention a second rate film that did n't live up to all the commercial hype of it . And on top of that , ` NO ' special features were included with the DVD!I think I 'm going to start ignoring all the hype of new releases , and instead of buying those I think I would be interested in , I 'll go to a local ` Red Box ' and pay a dollar to rent it first , and see if it 's worth investing any money into , or something that I 'll ever watch more than once.This one will for sure go to the bottom shelf of my DVD library !
 Just wanted to clarify about the point of `` not speaking in the proper period '' . If you 're referring to the use of `` the N-word '' it may be a surprise to you that it had been used casually WAY before the 80s and 90s , mostly around street-saavy folks , as has other slang we so naively believe is modern . If you do n't have lineage in that community , or did n't grow up with Black folk around that time , then of course it 's going to come off as modern to you .
 One of Spike 's worst , I 'm sorry to say . I was looking forward to seeing it , especially after the dust up when Spike decided to take Clint Eastwood to task over not showing any Black marines on Iwo . Now it seems Spike was just selling wolf tickets to promote his film . This effort barely holds together . And the little fairy tale ending does n't help at all . Neither do all the cliched close up shots of Nazi insignia and uniforms with heavy music playing in the background . What a mess . Too bad .
 Where do I start . This has lots of stuff in it ... complicated Italian & German dialogue . But the story itself is lame . It does not make any logical sense . Are we supposed to be interested in these people just because they are black?Spike Lee has a lot of talent but his rant about Clint Eastwoods portrayal of Iwo is just plain stupid . Watch the footage of the marines . They were white . Get over it .
 I wanted to fast-forward through the unnecessary scenes , but my friend forced me to watch it . I want about 30-45 minutes of my life back!I really wanted to like this movie . I 'm very interested in movies depicting World War II especially in the European theater . This was in Italy , so I took a gamble on it . About halfway into the movie , I figured the Italian boy was the man who dropped his espresso earlier in the movie . I even predicted the ending correctly . I honestly felt the movie could have cut out maybe 30-45 minutes -LRB- mostly the bigoted back stories -RRB- . I felt most of it was n't needed . I also felt that the nudity scenes had no place in this movie . Now this is far-fetched , but seriously folks , the language spoken by the black officers sounded like present day speak . This was just another typical movie by Spike Lee . So much promise in the beginning , but it was all downhill from there .
 Unless it was the Italian woman getting naked , I have no idea what the miracle was.Please tell me !!!
 this movie was so bad that it rate up there with my ten worse films . I thought it might well be tongue in cheek humor poking fun at predictable sterotype script writing but then realized as it went on and on that spike lee was trying to be seriou.s Just all around bad screen writing , bad directing , and bad editing . The fact that it was even nominated for anything but a razzi award reflects on `` its who you know ''
 ** 1/2Over the course of the last few decades , war movies have become so unflinchingly brutal and authentic in their depiction of life on the battlefield that they 've become all but impossible to sit through - and I say this as a compliment , not as a denigration . They SHOULD be impossible to sit through . This IS war we 're talking about after all.That being said , it should also be pointed out that `` The Miracle at St. Anna '' - a highly fictionalized account of an actual event - devotes only a minimal amount of time to carnage and bloodshed as it unfolds its story of four African-American soldiers -LRB- Laz Alonso , Derek Luke , Michael Ealy and Omar Benson Miller -RRB- trapped behind enemy lines in Italy during the closing days of WW II . The film recounts their experiences with sympathetic villagers , anti-Fascist partisan fighters , Nazi soldiers -LRB- of both good and bad stripe -RRB- , an orphaned boy they take under their wing and , of course , the requisite beautiful Italian peasant girl -LRB- Valentina Cervi -RRB- who wears tight sweaters and has a steamy encounter with one of the men.This latest work by Spike Lee certainly has its heart in the right place and there are scenes of undeniable intensity and power where he once again demonstrates his bona fides as a director of genuine vision and power -LRB- the brutal massacre of a group of unarmed villagers at the hands of the Nazis - the one truly nonfiction moment in the story - is the emotional high point of the movie -RRB- . Yet , the movie , as a whole , adds up to much less than the sum of its parts , a victim of both overreaching and over-length -LRB- the movie takes a full two hours and 40 minutes to tell its story -RRB- . Interestingly , the screenplay by James McBride -LRB- based on his novel -RRB- suffers from trying to do too much and too little at one and the same time . At some points , it seems as if he is doing his best to throw everything but the kitchen sink into the narrative mix , while , at others , the movie feels thin and underdeveloped , with the characters stuck for long stretches of time in a storyline that does n`t seem to be going anywhere all that interesting or dramatic . The diffuse and meandering plot drains the film of much of its narrative and emotional energy , and the movie is further hampered by the use of an uninteresting murder subplot - set in the 1980s - as an all too conventional framing device for the main story . It is in these scenes , in particular , where Lee 's grand opera style of filmmaking - bolstered by Terence Blanchard 's melodramatic score - most threatens to fall over the edge into pretentiousness . Moreover , the bathos and low comedy that frequently creep into the writing , as well as the fact that the four men seem more like clearly differentiated `` types '' than fully-rounded human beings , serve to undercut the generally fine performances by a large and gifted cast.Apart from the gripping war-is-hell scenes , `` The Miracle at St Anna '' is at its best when it 's focusing on the bitter irony of men being called upon to do their patriotic duty of fighting and dying in a foreign land - all for a country that forces them to serve in black-only units in the field and to eat in segregated diners back home . One of the characters even confesses , at one point , that he feels more `` free '' and accepted in Italy than he does in the United States.There 's probably a first-rate two-hour-long movie buried somewhere in the midst of `` The Miracle at St. Anna . '' A pity Lee and McBride were n't able to fully ferret it out .
 A really disjointed movie that was difficult to follow even on the second viewing . Horribly disconnected story with mid-bongling plot leaps .
 Miracle ? I suppose one could perceive that to mean
 I was excited about this movie as I enjoy war movies . . Band of Brothers , Saving Private Ryan , etc. . The story line had real potential , but failed to deliver . This movie was so poorly done I feel bad for the actors that were in it . Bad camera angles , bad acting , bad editing ... just bad . The other negative review unfortunately are all accurate so i will save your time in saying the same things . Thanks Spike for wasting more than 1.5 hr 's of my life .
 This has got to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I fell asleep about 30 minutes into it the first time , and then the 2nd time I had to keep myself awake . This movie could have been interesting , but Spike Lee did his usual `` political '' offering which was tiresome at best . This movie is not the best since `` Saving Private Ryan '' ... if SPR is considered a `` 10 '' in terms of great movies , then Miracle comes in at less than `` 1 '' . This movie is literally hard to watch and the characters are about as exciting as a root canal . If the Germans wanted to use torture on the Jews , POW 's , Gypsies , etc. during WWII , this movie would have done the trick !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This movie/story had so much potential . I am shocked how poor this film is . It is a just a insult to the viewer 's sensiblilties and even more of an insult to black soldiers of WWII . The opening of the made little sense nor had any reality as to detective work , or hard work of the supposed reporter . Just boring fodder for some reason . As the story progresses it continues to make little sense , is disjointed , stumbles around with incredibly poor dialog to the point I wanted to scream outloud how bad the film was ! The movie is ridiculous at best . I watched about half , decided to read reviews which are equally disappointed . I decided to throw the DVD in the trash where it belongs . This movie is rubbish .
 Historically incorrect . As ANY military member both active duty , retired or former knows , NO troops would hold the weapons as they do currently . The butt of the rifle was towards the deck , not on the shoulder duringthat time . I guess Spike Lee failed to hire someone who knew aboutthe military . The way that currently members hold the weapons was notactive until the first Gulf War -LRB- butt of weapon on shoulder , muzzle tothe deck -RRB- . I noticed this on the preview and knew the movie was justsome clowns PR stunt.To Spike Lee , hire actual former military advisers to instruct you . Not , `` yes Men '' who wo n't say counter your word .
 I waited a long time to purchase this movie because I believed the original asking price was too high . Although I finally got a price I would except , I now feel any price is too high to pay for this movie in any format . Every aspect of this film from script to direction was lacking in so many ways you would believe it to be a television production from the 80 's . I would have thought that a story of such historical importance would have been told with more passionate depth in order to rekindle some form of interest in the positive contribrutions of Black Men in America . Instead the amatureish acting coupled with the lack of drama failed to spark any interest in the events depicted int this film at all . Spike and all involved with this movie should have given more thought and heart to these men who sarificed thier lives so honorably in a war where our contribrution is but a whisper in the minds of those who were involved .
 This movie was worse than bad . With a catchy TV trailer , I began watching it with some hope for entertainment , but walked away about halfway through it when it became evident that there was no value to be had whatsoever of sticking it out . Racist , historically inaccurate , poorly acted , poorly directed , and generally laughable , Spike Lee has lived up to his reputation of being an amateur , once again . What a waste of time .
 HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED !!! HORRIBLE MOVIE , IT WAS ACTUALLY TORTURE TO SIT THROUGH TO THE END . IF SPIKE LEE IS A DIRECTOR THEN I AM A ROCKET SCIENTIST ... NEED TO SAY MORE ... I THINK NOT !
 This is one of the most horrible movies I have ever seen . The story is possibly interesting , but is told in such a convoluted , repetitive , dull way . The action scenes start suddenly , and then there are long lapses of dead time . The italian boy in so annoying . It seems like just because he is speaking another language , he is supposed to be interesting.The tall big ` chocolate ' soldier begins telling stories to the boy , which is fine , but he talks to him like he is a child , and we have to sit there listening . Its like the audience is a child . Very frustrating.The boy was in another horrible movie
 I know what the miracle is !!!! Its the fact that I got half way through before returning this masterpiece of garbage back to Blockbuster . There isnt anything I can say different that all the other reviewers who were forced to give this 1 star because we couldnt go any lower.Terrible . Me and me give this pile of poop 2 thumbs way down .
 I am responding to a plea from Amazon to buy this waste of time and money . The actual filming , color and settings are excellent , but the story line , plot , directing , acting are poor if that . The historical accuracy is zero , and any attempts to compare it to Band of Brothers is laughable . It is an insult to the Black combat units it is suppose to represent . As a previous reviewer stated , it is a total loss of two hours of their life . I am only writing this review in hopes that other people will not fall into the same trap . By the way if you can believe an infantry man would carry around a marble head that would have to have weighed about 50lbs just for the hell of it , through the Italian mountains , for the duration of WWII , then you would believe just about anything . Most soldiers threw away their gas masks because they -LRB- certainly less then 5lbs -RRB- were too heavy . Give me a break ! This movie belongs at the bottom of the 99cents bin and it would be almost criminal to be asked to pay that for it . The miracle was that it ever made it to DVD .
 This movie had good photography . However , had so many potential story streams that it did n't evolve into a close . The boy seeming to see Jesus , who of course it turns out was his brother Arturo . Ranata , seemed to be developing something for one of the guys , then she suddenly has sex with the big mouth arrogant one . The Italian who betrayed the resistance fighters , the racism towards the soldiers from their commanding officers -LRB- kept waiting for someone to do sothing with this , or for those near the commanding officers to say something about this -RRB- these and other little strings that were n't tied up left me with a sense that this movie was just a mess . Even the ending with the posting of bail by Mr. Negron and the dramatic entrance by the big shot lawyer . I thought they were going to do a bit more with this , but no , it was left at that , another untied string . It tried to take on too many things at once without really developing on any of them . The swearing we could 've done without . Did they use the swear words of today back in WWII ? The only thing that saved and made the movie watchable till the end was the little boy and his acting with his `` giganto di chocolato '' he was more natural and more entertaining than any of the other actors and their scenes . He was the only one that I wanted to see what happened to all the way to the end an was the only reason I did n't stop watching the movie after the first hour . Overall , very badly organized and executed movie.Miracle at St Anna -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB-
 One of the DVD 's is contaminated right about at the center of the disc . It did not play correctly . &#34; Contaminated &#34; is the description given by my DVD player . The second DVD is being given as a gift , I hope it plays properly . If it had been more expensive , I would have returned it .
 I am 1 hr 44 mins into this film and had been continuously bored by this complete mess of a big budgeted war film.Spike Lee should have done better homework before he launched his attempt to recount black soldiers heroicsduring WWII . At lease he could have cut 40 mins out of this 160 mins film . For more details , refer to the othernegative reviews .
 Miracle at St Anna ? Not really . The only miracle will be if you manage to sit through the whole movie.SPOILERS : The story is a mess , it 's convoluted , you will keep waiting for a resolution to some of the questions raised , but the answers never come . Who was it that he shot in the post office ? Did the boy have some kind of super natural power ? Did the stone head ? What was the miracle ? How could you miss your target with a shouldered Thompson smg at 10 yards ? How can you shoot 1000 rounds from a 30 round Thompson mag , maybe that was the miracle ? How come the giant could n't lift that skinny barn beam without rubbing the head ? And the ending was just plain goofy , the little boy is a seatbelt tycoon ? Great.The `` shaky '' camera technique should not be noticeable , When it is appropriate then it blends in and you do n't even consciously notice it . Sticks out like a sore thumb in this film.The music is poorly done . Movie soundtracks should not distract from the images on the screen . When you are pulled out of what you are looking at to wonder why the music seems odd it 's not a good thing ! It 's supposed to add to the experience , not be detrimental to it.The acting was pretty good , but the dialog was questionable at best and not appropriate to the time period . But it 's the story , the writing , the plot , that ruins this movie . Just to much stuff started and never finished , it 's almost as if half the movie is missing.And one goof that pulled me out of the film for few minutes was a scene at a railroad crossing , the surface of the road at the crossing was clearly modern and not appropriate to the 1940 's .
 Pitiful attempt at making a war movie . Spike Lee should just stop making movies altogether , and has NO business criticizing anyone else 's movies . The dialogue was miserably bad , so much so that it was hard to look past it for anything likable in this waste of film . Mr. Lee , keep the money but I want the 2 hours of my life back .
 I like Spike lee movies , but not this ! It seems he was going in over his head on this one . I understand he wants to evolve his filmaking skills but this subject matter just does n't suit him . I got the impression he was overthinking the whole project and tryint too hard . It was like he wanted to finally make his grand sweeping epic . This was like Spike lee trying to do The English Patient or Titanic . After 2 hours of trying to absorb this film , I became exhausted with all the tired , drawn out meaningless dialogue and the cast of thousands ! there were just WAY TOO MANY characters and subplots and too many points trying to be made . And the languages ! There were like 4 different dialects , italian , german , puerto rican , jamaican , aagh ! I also did n't like that 2/3 of the movie seem to be subtitles . I do n't mind if a whole movie is in subtitles , or just a few scenes here and there . but this movie had every other scene in subtitles , it 's like make up your mind ! And if one more character said `` boom boom '' , I was going to boom boom on the dvd . The scenes with the child and the buffalo solider were borderline disturbing calling him a `` chocolate giant '' , and the other soldiers constantly offering `` chocolate '' to everyone , chocolate , chocolate ! It almost seemed like there was something else goin ' on . I think this film would have been fantastic if it shed alot of the characters and dialogue and just focused on one subject . LESS IS MORE . I did like the scene where the nazi woman broadcaster was talkin ' sh ** while the soldiers were crossing the river , that was classic Spike Lee . The rest of the film had no focus and was ill-conceived . BOOM BOOM !
 This picture was a big dissapointment . There was a great opportunity to tell the struggles and triumphs of members of the Buffalo Soldiers in WWII . He could have told the story of a couple of soldiers as they progress through bootcamp and enter combat . But instead Spike Lee produces a ridiculous , heavy handed , grossly fictional account . The film fails on several levels :1 -RRB- All the white officers are vicous racist . The protagonist are sterotypes . There is the obligatory over-sexed African American , the big simple guy , the quite reflective wise one , etc. . The Italian peasants seem to be only interested in jumping into bed and showing off their breast . In reality , they were starving and caught in terrible cross fires .2 -RRB- The story is absolutely predictable3 -RRB- A group of African American soldier pull their weapons on racist civilians in town during boot camp . They would be instantly identified , court marshalled , and put in the slammer .4 -RRB- The CO drives in a Jeep to the supposedly encircled hilltop town thick with Germans to curse out the protagonists . Shortly thereafter the Germans blitz through the town .5 -RRB- An enlisted character assaults an officer during a combat situation . He would be restrained and quite possibly shot on the spot.I could go on , but you get my drift . One of the top worst war movies I have seen . It could have been great .
 I had wanted to like this movie so much . As much as I wanted to like Windtalkers . Both had potential to be really great but were unable to rise above an absolutely juvenile and cheesy script . I am an avid WWII buff and I give alot of license to war movies and do n't pick them apart for their accuracy or lack there of but this one not only insults the viewer but the legacy of the 92nd/Buffalo . The Good
 This was a horrible movie . I believe Spike threw this together in attempt to prove a point after blasting Clint Eastwood on Flags of our Fathers.Spike did the Buffalo soldiers no justice since this movie was more of an agenda of proving all whites are bad and cause wars . How about people in general cause wars , Spike?In my opinion , `` The Tuskegee Airmen '' movie , starring Laurence Fishburne , is a much better movie about real people who did real things.Yep , this movie is well on its way to the 99 cent bargain bin , but even then I would n't waste my money on it !
 Spoilers in this review : This movie just stunk . The whole ` Sleeping Man ' and ` Chocolate Giant ' thing was corney and stupid . I got tired of the whole Train character in about two seconds . And the Italian woman with the glorious breasts was nice but then they have her say that she is married and then develop some kind of emotional thing with one guy then turn around and have sex with the other guy and then right before she dies she redeems her virtue by looking at the ` good guy ' and saying his name as if to say , `` it was you that I wanted ... but the other guy was just so damned smooth that I could n't stop myself ' . This movie was ridiculous up to the very end when SPOILER ALERT ` Seat Belts ' becomes a great revelation.That big stupid 100 pound bowling ball of a statue head that the big stupid idiot carries around for the entire movie was just that SToOpId . And so were other things like the newspaper fling out the window when John Leguizamo -LRB- who is in the movie for no other reason -RRB- is having his morning coffee and sex to land on just the right guys table at just the right time . This stupid junk was also seen when the mail man just happens to have just that one guy come up to his window and he just happens to have that gun.The only part I liked was the part of the Italian partisan ` The Butterfly ' and I wish they would have done more with him.This movie was just plain bad . I expect much better from Spike .
 The bloated , convoluted WWII flick makes no sense whatsoever . Nothing that is happening ever makes sense militarily or tactically , and the plot is silly nonsense.For none of the above reasons , however , would I bother to review this dreck . What greatly troubles me is how Spike Lee , a black man , depicts the black soldiers in this movie
 The tag line above states , `` Every major American filmmaker has a war movie inside them . After the twin triumphs of When the Levees Broke and Inside Man , his biggest box office hit , Spike Lee puts his distinctive stamp on World War II . `` Well , Spike Lee put a `` distinctive '' stamp on World War II alright , with poor acting and a terrible script . This has got to be one of the worst movies ever made and the saddest part in this is that the expectations were so high . I 'm not sure what the studios were thinking with this film , but obviously Spike Lee has earned enough clout to get away with garbage like this . When a Buffalo Soldier is quoted as saying , `` Yo baby , I 'll keep you warm tonight ! '' while making overt sexual gestures , you 've got to question Mr. Lee 's take on history . If you want to see a good war movie , get something a bit older or , if you are looking for something new , Valkyrie did n't do a half-bad job . As for Miracle at St. Anna , it 's a miracle this movie was made at all . If this is a `` must-have '' , then at least wait until it arrives on the discount bins for it 's definately painful to watch this knowing you 've dropped a $ 20 on it .
 I had read a review of this movie from some well-known critic who raved that it was one of the best movies he 'd seen all year . Naturally , of course , I decided to try it out . I am glad , now , that I only rented it from Redbox.To be honest , I felt that there were a lot of unnecessary characters that jumbled together in one confusing mass . For instance , there is a scene where one officer meets a superior in their headquarters to discuss the battalion . It lasts about 5 minutes and they only discuss things that the viewer already realized . These two men are never revisited . What was the point?There are also a lot of villagers that get face-time , when really , the movie should be focusing on its main characters . Because of these extra characters , I feel like one never really gets to know about the 4 men in the movie . You never know anything about their past , their thoughts or beliefs , what drew them into enlisting , etc. . I did n't understand why those 4 men were basically hanging out in that village and , astonishingly , going to parties and just walking around like they owned the place.Another thing that annoyed me was the need to show nudity in the film . Spoiler Alert
 If I could give this movie a `` 0 '' , I would ! I would have thought that Spike would have matured and grown as a director but he still sucks as a director . This movie is an utter mess . Bad writing , matched with bad acting , bad music that did not match the scenes and actions - made this move a waste of my valuable time . I felt like I was watching his movie - `` She 's Got To Have It '' again . The actors spoke -LRB- lines and phrases -RRB- as if they were in THIS time period , not in this war time . The Germans did speak German very well but I believe the force and brutness of the delivery was not there . So many things about this movie is not accurate and just distrubed my movie watching experience . I believe this movie was directed by an amateur . Spike Lee could n't direct himself out of the bathroom , let alone out of this movie . If you rent it for $ 1 , you would have paid to much . Save your time and your money !
 Positives : -LRB- 1 . -RRB- ??? Negatives : -LRB- 1 . -RRB- Disjointed storytelling with poorly constructed flashbacks -LRB- everyone 's currently popular cinematographic technique to showoff cleverness -RRB- . -LRB- 2 . -RRB- Stereotypic characterizations with sophomoric scripting . -LRB- 3 . -RRB- Cheaply constructed military & war effects e.g. military uniforms that look as if they were cleanly pulled out of museum storage each day ; cigarettes & munitions that last forever despite long term isolation from supply support . -LRB- 4 . -RRB- Worst of all was that the important story of black WWII infantry was turned into preachy propaganda & simplistic absolutes that do not permit the audience to be thoughtfully educated but instead to be insulted as if they were moronic simpletons .
 I 'm a big fan of WWII movies and the previews made this one look like it would be good . But it 's the opposite . Just plain bad , poor writing and directing . Really ? Someone said we 'll make this little kid ask where the black guy 's tail is , and ask if he 's made of chocolate ? Someone was like , `` yeah great line , let 's go with that . '' Spike even wanted to make the children out to be racist I guess .
 Because if you buy this and watch it , you 'll hate the movie , you 'll hate Spike Lee , you 'll hate the actors and everyone associated with the making of this piece of crap , you 'll hate 1944 , you 'll really hate 1983 , you 'll hate Americans , Germans and Italians , you 'll hate the post office , you 'll hate `` the sleeping man '' and , most especially , you 'll hate the 2-1/2 hours of your life that you wasted and will never get back.Don ' t say you were n't warned .
 Nothing to review here other than the fact that this movie was torture . The only miracle happening was the fact that I made it through the whole movie without falling asleep -LRB- I fell asleep 30 minutes into it the first time I tried to watch -RRB- . Absolutely awful movie and Spike Lee should retire if this is all he can accomplish .
 This movie was absolutely painful to watch . The case says it 's the `` Best war movie since Saving Private Ryan '' . If this is true , Hollywood should be closed . Forever.The acting was high school drama production-level . The battle scenes were , at best , unconvincing . -LRB- Who could possibly carry a marble head on his hip through the heat of battle ? -RRB- On my deathbed , I hope I 'm granted an extra two hours of life to make-up for the time I wasted with this tripe .
 This movie was just gawd awful bad . It took an honest effort on my part to get through the whole movie .
 With all respect to the filmmakers including the director Spike Lee , `` Miracle at St. Anna '' is a big misfire . I do n't say the film is unwatchable , but after sitting through the overlong film that deals with such important historical events as the `` Buffalo Soldiers , '' all African-American regiments in the U.S. army , my impression was simply this
 If you are expecting video clips of the essential performers of the Lighthouse All Stars era then I would suggest you look elsewhere . Perhaps five of the eighty minutes could be considered performance video . Most does n't include the Lighthouse All Star key players in any significant way and mostly only pieces of tunes . I believe this was a missed opportunity to present a major video representation of West Coast Jazz performance . However , if your interest is in an abundance of talk about something you can neither see nor hear this may be the DVD for you . However you will see some snapshots , a few excellent Bill Claxton photographs , but a lot more album covers of the variety you can see in used LP venues . Howard Rumsey , the bassist with most of the Lighthouse All Star recordings , provides a running history on how the Lighthouse evolved .
 I am surprized everybody likes this movie . Not me . If the movie is not on public channels its not worth it . Like my favored '' When Harry met Sallie '' which is shown regularly and after I watched it about 20 times I start thinking -- United States is communistic country after all.Additional trouble is I can not buy this `` Time of the gypsies '' which again and again proves we dont need it.Hahaha .
 This movie had `` Hokey '' acting , poor script , & was touted as `` the most accurate depiction of trucking ever '' C `` MON , GIVE ME A BREAK '' The `` best depiction of trucking was in `` BIG RIG '' , the other DVD I recieved ! I 'm very disappointed in ths `` Moonfire '' DVD !! The first time I 've been disappointed in ANY Amazon product to date !! Nuff said !! Mr. JohnsonMoonfire
 This DVD contains 4 poor B class films . One at least is from a TV series that did not fly . I am sure anyone watching this DVD will understand why . How can stars get involved with this kind of film . -LSB- this site -RSB- has so many good DVD 'd to spend your hard earned cash on . Give this one a skip .
 This digital video is * only * the concert film of the 2001 `` 7 Worlds Collide '' concert , which is included on the physical DVD of the documentary `` The Sun Came Out , '' which chronicles the production of the 2009 followup concert and album , which features some of the same musicians , and some new ones.Don ' t get me wrong , it 's nice to have the old concert movie , but I purchased this to get the newly-released documentary film . I will post a positive review of * that * film once I 'm actually able to * watch * it . Amazon , fix this .
 OMG what have they done to this once funny , entertaining , sexy show . It has descended into a miserable risible badly written joke . The storylines are horrid , unconvincing , absurd , and cringe-making . Let me list some of these :1 . Max . I do n't think I need to say any more about this bizarre addition to the show . Got just about everything wrong . Deeply embarrassing .2 . Dana . Why did she have to get ill and die ? She was one of the most lovable characters , goofy and yet sort of inspiring . A horrid horrid storyline . If I want health care messages I will go and watch documentaries . Profoundly depressing and upset the entire balance and mood of the show . How am I supposed to enjoy a sex scene one moment , and then a scene of mutilation ? To me it seemed utterly baffling and willful of the writers to do this to this character and this show . For this reason alone I hated the entire season . But there was more .3 . Helena . Sorry , who was this person ? Was she the same person in season 2 referred to as `` the scourge of the universe '' ? And as for that cringe-making risible sexual harassment set up scene ? One of the worse TV scenes I have ever had to watch .4 . Alice . A obsessed deranged stalker ? Thanks . Another of my favorite characters twisted into some un-characteristic pathetic storyline .5 . Bette . Take one strong dynamic character and stamp on her repeatedly with an utterly implausible and unbelievable plot development . Shove in an hysterically dopey spiritual retreat , and ask her to weep repeatedly . I felt sympathy for the actress who was in obvious discomfort .6 . Tina . Sorry ? All she needs is a bit of manhood ? Am I watching a show about lesbians , written by lesbians , validating lesbian life ? I must have missed something .7 . Kit and manny . Just get him off please . It is so wrong it is not even funny .8 . Shame and Carmen . Do you really think Shane would betray the gorgeous Carmen for that weird dopey Sherrie ? So unbelievable that I joked back the guffaws whilst flinching.I could go on . Maybe I should . The show did . I am only half way through and have decided to abandon it . I ca n't take the stupidity , the sheer implausibility , the utter misery , the cringe-making plotlines and character development any more . I do n't ask for much about a show dedicated for once in television history , to lesbian life
 As The L-Word has gone from season to season , its quality has dropped . The first season was an excellent five-star affair . Season 2 was decent and deserved three-stars . And Season 3 , an abysmal two stars . I would give it one star , but I might need that one for Season 4 . I 'm sorry . Actually I 'm not the one who should be apologizing
 Menu does not work and 3 episodes wo n't play . Not a damaged disc , seems the menu was n't properly mapped and we were sold malfunctioning discs .
 To all the men who have daughters ... . KEEP THEM AWAY FROM THIS SICK SHOW . Everything about it is wrong . I could only watch 10 minutes of this show and i had to shut it off . i thought the L word was short for The Loser Word . lol
 I think the L-Word is dying a slow and painful death . Season 3 gives us the death of the one character that has truly developed and grown since the series inception -LRB- Dana -RRB- . Also we have Kit , the character who in my opinion has been a pointless character from day one , getting pregnant as soon as she hits menopause . The fact that Pam Grier -LRB- Kit -RRB- is old enough to be the grandmother of most of the cast seems to have been overlooked in this particular piece of the storyline . Kit dying of breast cancer would have made for a far more believable plot , even the folks putting the series together admit in an interview on the DVD that it would be unusual for somebody the age of the character Dana dying from breast cancer is unlikely . I appreciate the fact that cancer doesnt discriminate and kills anyone , the way those responsible for the series chose to highlight such an important subject , has for me detracted from the quality of the show.Season 1 was great , season 2 was not quite up to the same standard but the way season 3 developed has taken the show down to the level of an evening version of a day-time soap . The kidnapping has already in the season finale , it 's just going to be a matter of time before the murder 's start coming .
 Was I watching the same show as everyone who wrote reviews on here ? I just finished the 3rd season having loved the first two . I was so disapointed in this season I 'm really not sure I can even give the show another chance with season 4 . The show completely runied all of the characters . They introduced new people who were either completely shrill and unbearable -LRB- Moira/Max , Billie -RRB- or bland and pointless -LRB- Angus -RRB- . And then there 's Jenny . The writers continued in their quest to create the most unlikeable , cringe-worthy , annoying character in the history of television . This is nothing against Mia Kirshner who is lovely and does well with what she 's given but after 3 seasons the writers still ca n't seem to figure out what to make of the character . It might make more sense if she was treated as some sort of pariah by those around her but all of the other characters seem to love her so ... what are they seeing that I 'm not ? Her actions make no sense , her relationships make no sense even for a crazy person . As for the sex , someone actually thought they reeled the sex in this season ? I never minded it in the past but sweet Lord !!! By the end of the season I felt like I was watching Cinemax After Dark ! It was insanse ! Grown adults do not start pulling off their clothes and fondling each other when mother is right outside the door !!!!! Especially when mom said she would be right back !!!!!!! By the end of things , you are left without a single character to like , a single believable storyline or any reason to want to spend time with these selfish , immature , unstable women ever again .
 Where to start . I 'll start by saying I have rarely been more disappointed in a series as I am with the 3rd season of The L Word . I really enjoyed the 1st and 2nd seasons , and how miserably off course this series has strayed is hard to fathom , because the first couple seasons do not remotely resemble the train wreck that is the 3rd season of this series.Was there a writers ' strike during this season , because the writing , casting , and character development were absolutely horrid . Amateurish , at best . Why , oh why , the writers did what they did during this season is something for which I just do n't think there is a logical answer . For example , the Billie Blaikie character is beyond annoying . Not only is this character totally irritating , but he 's useless in terms of the story line . A complete and utter bore , and why the writers would decide to infuse this Jar Jar Binks-like personality into The L Word world is beyond me.Moira / Max . Need I say anything more ? Pairing this character with Jenny made no sense . Absolutely no sense . Jenny is devoloping her identity with her newly found orientation , and what do the writers decide to do ? Pair Jenny with a woman who wants to become a man . Can they butcher what could otherwise be a potentially great character -LRB- Jenny -RRB- any further ? Just how idiotically confusing do they want to make this character , anyway . I 'm sorry , Moira/Max did n't fit in this show and I found her/his character a needless distraction , particularly considering the obvious lack of chemistry with Jenny.Let 's not forget about Angus . Could the writers have found a more dull character this side of the Milky Way ? Ohhhhhh no , not just dull . Goofy , too . If they would have limited his role to babysitting Bette and Tina 's baby , I would not be so upset . But come on , having him romantically involved with Kit made me cringe and gave me the willies every time they were together . Just another example of horrid writing and misplaced character dependencies.Spoiler ahead , folks . The absolute strategic blunder of the entire series and evidence which is proof positive that the writers were out to lunch for this entire season -- killing off Dana . Why did they do this ? Dana was such a sweet , innocent character who many could empathize with , because her family was so conservative and she had struggled so much with coming out . I 'm really quite bitter with this writing decision , and the decision to take this valuable character off the series simply tells me the writing is n't what it should have been . A mind numbing lack of vision was involved with this writing decision , because Dana , like all of the core characters , offers the series versatility and great character depth . A huge and completely unnecessary loss for this series.I 'm not happy with the direction of this series . The writing stinks . Too many characters make no sense . Character development is the pits . Strategic decisions to get rid of important characters is being carried out without much thought , it seems . I 'll see what they have to offer for the 4th season , and if the writers of this series want a legacy for this show , let 's hope they apply more logic to subsequent seasons ...
 There were alot of scenes missing from the DVD 's that we received from the L Word complete season 1,2 & 3 , that we ordered and paid for . We watched the episodes on Showtime , and viewed scenes that were not on our dvds . And felt totally screwed . We watched the episodes again in re-run , on Showtime , and it was like , why are these scenes not on the DVD 's I paid $ % $ $ $ $ for ?
 I am hooked on this show ! The first season was the best , the second season was pretty good -LRB- despite the Mark character -RRB- but WTF happened in the third season ? All the characters I love have a personality overhaul -LRB- Bette is a wimp , Tina is a bitch , Alice is a stalker , etc. -RRB- They kill the goofy and funny Dana . Why ? What were they thinking ? The only new character I like is Dylan -LRB- so glad she screwed Helena . -RRB- The Moira/Max character is just weird and abusive -LRB- perfect match to Jenny btw . -RRB- I do n't mind she is not as pretty as the other lipstick lesbians on the show , but her character just is n't likable . Here 's to hoping a better 4th season and more to come !
 I was very unhappy with this item . Apparently the manufacturer took some short cuts and perhaps , liberties . Several scenes had been cut from the film and tacked on at the end as `` extra scenes '' . I considered the product mutilated . I did n't review it right away because I did n't feel it was Amazon 's error . However , I realize now , I should have warned others about it . Ended up taping it from TCM . Could have used that money on other items I 'd like to own .
 Darling Lili is written , produced and directed by Blake Edwards -LRB- of Pink Panther fame -RRB- . It 's quite clear that he did it only so that Julie Andrews could star in it.Set in World War I -LRB- despite the many anachronisms , including a striptease act -RRB- , the protagonist is a Mata Hari character whose speciality is seducing Allied generals to extract information for the Germans . The plot starts to fall apart immediately , as Julie Andrews is far too sweet to be a convincing seductress . She 's still playing the Mary Poppins-Maria von Trapp character that established her popularity . We are asked to suspend disbelief to accept that this ing&eacute;nue is a master spy . Assigned to entrap Rock Hudson in her snare , she predictably falls in love with him . This does n't stop her passing on the nuggets of information that he blurts out in the heat of passion to her controller , ably played by Jeremy Kemp.The film suffers because Edwards ' characterisations are wooden and totally unconvincing . He is trying to make the audience sympathise with a woman who is betraying her country -LRB- she left Germany when she was young and her mother was English -RRB- and an idiot of an airman who ca n't keep his mouth shut about operations . At the end of this pathetic film , the audience of veterans -LRB- who presumably suffered hell and lost comrades due to her treachery -RRB- roundly cheer her , Rock Hudson takes her into his arms and his squadron mates -LRB- the primary victims of her espionage -RRB- stand around beaming and clapping . It does n't help that in the midst of everything , the director thought it would be a good idea to introduce some Pink Pantherish slapstick in the form of two bumbling French military intelligence agents -LRB- who actually were in the Pink Panther films -RRB- and a cartoon British pilot who would be more at home in Those Magnificent Men and Their Flying Machines . The climactic theft of von Richthofen 's Fokker triplane is an adventure worthy of Snoopy.Since this purports to be a musical , Ms Andrews sings some pleasant songs , including `` Whistling in the Dark '' . The music is competent but unmemorable , not ranking among the best work of the team of Henry Mancini and Johnny Mercer.In short , this is a bad film with a unconvincing plot and average music . The only reason to buy it is if you are a fan of Julie Andrews . That was why is spent money to get it . Even then , I was disappointed . It is , at best , a filler for a collection of Julie Andrews films .
 I love Julie Andrews but remember when it was released in Australia in 1970 it was yet another nail in this hugely talented star 's coffin , having followed STAR ! . Good musicals of this time were few and far between . The last great ` successful ` musical I remember was `` Funny Girl '' . Even the hot ticket ` Babs ' was struggling for a hit to follow her debut and ` Hello Dolly ' was n't it . Babs saw the writing on the wall of course and re-invented herself with light sex comedies such as ` The Owl and the Pussycat ' and ` Up the Sandbox ' . But poor old Julie did n't have the range that Babs had and kind of fell out with the film industry only to bomb in TV . Such a shame at the time.On the subject of the film , in retrospect there are some good qualities , but on the whole , unless you are a big Julie fan and are prepared to sit through a long tedious ` going nowhere ' movie , waiting for the next musical number , then give this a miss.Fortunately -LRB- or not -RRB- I have only seen the original ` LOOOOONG ' version and feel that perhaps this film might have survived time had it been edited appropriately . I 'm just not sure what you do with a ` bad ' movie that has great qualities.The DVD might make a hit if it has some interesting extras such as Trailers , behind the scenes , commentaries , but I suspect if it is released on it 's own merits it will have very limited appeal .
 Unfortunately I have to express a degree of disappointment on this film released on DVD . Whilest I enjoyed the acting & storyline , I was extremely annoyed on the number of scenes which had been deleted from the main film and shown as additional scenes within the main menu - for what purpose I do n't know - it just seemed to leave gaps in the film which certainly detracted from the enjoyment . I remember seeing this film many years ago and rated it one of Rock Hudson 's and Julie Andrew 's most cherished performances - however the deleted scenes really robbed it those memories
 Paramount 's DVD edition of Blake Edwards ' `` Darling Lili '' is one of the biggest disappointments in the history of the medium . Anyone not fortunate enough to have seen this movie in a theatre in 1970 may not be aware that the original 136-minute version was a pure delight , with drama , romance and comedy perfectly balanced . Unfortunately , some years later director Edwards , apparently not content to leave more than well enough alone , prepared an abbreviated `` serious '' -LRB- dismally boring -RRB- Director 's Cut , and incredibly this is the version Paramount is offering on DVD . -LRB- A few , but not all , of the deleted scenes are offered as DVD extras ; hardly a satisfying alternative to seeing them in their original order and contexts -RRB- . Paramount might at least offer the original version as an alternative . As it now stands , this is one DVD to stay well away from !!
 I saw this movie when it played in a theater and I totally enjoyed the movie . I was looking forward to its release on DVD.Rock Hudson and Julie Andrews , along with Jeremy Kemp and a host other performers , were wonderful . The movie had a good combination of war , comedy , romance , music , adventure , scenery , and more to make it an very enjoyable movie to see.Had I read the reviews beforehand , I never would have bought the Directors Cut . I was greatly frustrated and disappointed to find all the scenes that I remembered seeing in the original , theatrical release , were cut out . The movie had 30 minutes cut out of it . They were added as a Special Feature of Deleted Scenes.I went on to -LSB- ... -RSB- to buy the British PAL version of Darling Lili , which is the complete , full version of the movie.Even though I do n't have have a multi-region dvd player at the moment , I can still play the movie on my computer which accepts both NTSC and PALFormats.Hopefully , somebody , with a proper state of mind , will restore this beautiful movie to it original , full-length theatrical release version.Playable here in Region 1 areas , NTSC formats .
 I have the original film copied from Showtime with the 29 minutes removed by the Director 's cut . This &#34; cut &#34; is simply censorship . Both scenes where Julie Andrews sings &#34; Three Guesses &#34; are removed . Just a guess on my part , but maybe Ms. Andrews does not want &#34; her strip scene &#34; to be seen . Removal of these scenes was integral to the story showing how upset she was at MAJ Larabee . I liken this censorship to having pages of a book removed . I was also fortunate to see this movie at the theater while I was overseas in Vietnam/Korea .
 I saw this film first in a library DVD and was very disappointed , but since I 'm trying to collect Rock Hudson DVDs , I ordered one . It was only minimally better the second time around . Why ? Where do I start?First , the premise of Andrews being a German spy did not sit well How could one find such a character appealing?Second , Hudson was ill used , although , to give him credit , he did try his best . -LRB- It seems , according to Hudson biographers , that Edwards and Andrews ill-treated and bad-mouthed Hudson on the set -- it may or may not be true , but Andrews was quoted as saying , `` I 'm the only queen on this set . '' All in all , it was NOT a good experience for Hudson , in spite of the fact that , reportedly , Hudson was Edwards ' choice for the leading role . -RRB- The sets , costumes and filming were excellent , but the plot was quirky , especially with the introduction of two Laurel & Hardy-type French investigators . A scene with them spying on the lovers was a disaster no matter how one looks at it.Edwards , besotted with his new bride in real-life , did n't have the brains to turn Hudson loose to do what he did best in other films
 i had long wanted to see this legendary flop , a movie that is blamed for ushering in the demise of the american musical film . well , it deserves the `` praise '' . julie andrews is cast as a mata hari-esque double agent in ww1 , and a truly awful rock hudson goes thru the motions as her american fly boy lover , in a role that *** might *** have worked better if cast with a subtler actor , e.g. james garner . the songs by the usually strong henry mancini -LRB- music -RRB- and immortal johnny mercer -LRB- lyrics -RRB- are pedestrian at best , and i can truthfully say i didnt laugh once at the stilted dialogue , nor did i thrill to any of the routine aerial stunts . this is probably the worst movie of director blake edwards ' career , and its only worthwhile reason to see is that years later it served edwards as the inspiration for his film about making the worst movie ever
 Amazon has two item pages for Darling Lili , that is one for the director 's cut -LRB- 107 min -RRB- and the other appears to be for the original release -LRB- 136 min -RRB- . The picture showing the Director 's Cut reads `` Director 's Cut '' directly below the Movie Title . The page for the original does not say Director 's Cut in the picture . Under product information for the original it states
 If as I do you have fond memories of the complete or near complete film do not buy this . Tell Paramount that the least they could have done was to include BOTH versions and let us decide which we prefer.Paramount Studios5555 Melrose AvenueHollywood , CA 90038
 Darling Lili has been one of our favorite movies for a long time . We were lucky enough to get a good VHS recording off of television years ago and watch it several times each year . So we were delighted when it came out on DVD.We saved our first showing for New Years Eve with the whole family . What a mistake ! The DVD copy is totally butchered and the funniest parts cut out entirely . Ugh !!! I would n't have minded so much if the footage was for some reason no longer available -- but there it was on the DVD as Special Features . It would n't have taken someone with the right editor more than an hour or two to put the movie back together again . Why did n't they ????
 Shame on Paramount Studios for destroying such a good movie . If I were them I would fire the person who produced and edited this DVD version turning it into total mediocrity . And the gall to call it `` The Director 's Cut '' is an unforgivable insult all around.The original movie was 136 minutes . The Director , Blake Edwards cut it into 114 minutes . This version has 107 minutes which includes 8 minutes of music in the beginning and at the end which essentially brings it down to 99 minutes . Close to 15 minutes were cut by an idiot who did not even realize that the parts he was cutting were instrumental to the plotlines , robbing all the humor and spirit not to mention wonderful aerial scenes from the movie . This movie is a classic ; you do not tamper with them . And watching 55 minutes of Additional scenes is more frustrating than anything else for they would have been better presented in their proper sequences . As it is , it only proves how much the viewer is missing . I think Paramount should remedy this error by releasing a Special DVD version , using all the 136 minutes for die hard fans of this movie . It will certainly become a Collector 's Item .
 The review by `` Movie Buff '' said it all . Anything I could add would probable get edited for content!Shame on Paramount ! Shame on whoever is responsible for the hatchet job that was done on this beautiful movie.PARAMOUNT - You owe Ms. Andrews , the late Mr. Hudson , and all of the fans out here a HUGE apology !!!
 Could not watch this DVD , no matter how I adjusted the tv . The quality was so poor . Most of it was too light , then sections were so dark you could see nothing at all . The sound was also off in many parts . Why do companies release stuff that is in such poor condition ?
 Not what I expected !!! I am a huge Pigmeat Markham fan . This was not the movie I was looking for , big disappointment .
 I was disappointed with the story line and the leading man 's character . Maybe it was the mentality of the times .
 OMG what have they done to this once funny , entertaining , sexy show . It has descended into a miserable risible badly written joke . The storylines are horrid , unconvincing , absurd , and cringe-making . Let me list some of these :1 . Max . I do n't think I need to say any more about this bizarre addition to the show . Got just about everything wrong . Deeply embarrassing .2 . Dana . Why did she have to get ill and die ? She was one of the most lovable characters , goofy and yet sort of inspiring . A horrid horrid storyline . If I want health care messages I will go and watch documentaries . Profoundly depressing and upset the entire balance and mood of the show . How am I supposed to enjoy a sex scene one moment , and then a scene of mutilation ? To me it seemed utterly baffling and willful of the writers to do this to this character and this show . For this reason alone I hated the entire season . But there was more .3 . Helena . Sorry , who was this person ? Was she the same person in season 2 referred to as `` the scourge of the universe '' ? And as for that cringe-making risible sexual harassment set up scene ? One of the worse TV scenes I have ever had to watch .4 . Alice . A obsessed deranged stalker ? Thanks . Another of my favorite characters twisted into some un-characteristic pathetic storyline .5 . Bette . Take one strong dynamic character and stamp on her repeatedly with an utterly implausible and unbelievable plot development . Shove in an hysterically dopey spiritual retreat , and ask her to weep repeatedly . I felt sympathy for the actress who was in obvious discomfort .6 . Tina . Sorry ? All she needs is a bit of manhood ? Am I watching a show about lesbians , written by lesbians , validating lesbian life ? I must have missed something .7 . Kit and manny . Just get him off please . It is so wrong it is not even funny .8 . Shame and Carmen . Do you really think Shane would betray the gorgeous Carmen for that weird dopey Sherrie ? So unbelievable that I joked back the guffaws whilst flinching.I could go on . Maybe I should . The show did . I am only half way through and have decided to abandon it . I ca n't take the stupidity , the sheer implausibility , the utter misery , the cringe-making plotlines and character development any more . I do n't ask for much about a show dedicated for once in television history , to lesbian life
 As The L-Word has gone from season to season , its quality has dropped . The first season was an excellent five-star affair . Season 2 was decent and deserved three-stars . And Season 3 , an abysmal two stars . I would give it one star , but I might need that one for Season 4 . I 'm sorry . Actually I 'm not the one who should be apologizing
 I think the L-Word is dying a slow and painful death . Season 3 gives us the death of the one character that has truly developed and grown since the series inception -LRB- Dana -RRB- . Also we have Kit , the character who in my opinion has been a pointless character from day one , getting pregnant as soon as she hits menopause . The fact that Pam Grier -LRB- Kit -RRB- is old enough to be the grandmother of most of the cast seems to have been overlooked in this particular piece of the storyline . Kit dying of breast cancer would have made for a far more believable plot , even the folks putting the series together admit in an interview on the DVD that it would be unusual for somebody the age of the character Dana dying from breast cancer is unlikely . I appreciate the fact that cancer doesnt discriminate and kills anyone , the way those responsible for the series chose to highlight such an important subject , has for me detracted from the quality of the show.Season 1 was great , season 2 was not quite up to the same standard but the way season 3 developed has taken the show down to the level of an evening version of a day-time soap . The kidnapping has already in the season finale , it 's just going to be a matter of time before the murder 's start coming .
 Menu does not work and 3 episodes wo n't play . Not a damaged disc , seems the menu was n't properly mapped and we were sold malfunctioning discs .
 To all the men who have daughters ... . KEEP THEM AWAY FROM THIS SICK SHOW . Everything about it is wrong . I could only watch 10 minutes of this show and i had to shut it off . i thought the L word was short for The Loser Word . lol
 Was I watching the same show as everyone who wrote reviews on here ? I just finished the 3rd season having loved the first two . I was so disapointed in this season I 'm really not sure I can even give the show another chance with season 4 . The show completely runied all of the characters . They introduced new people who were either completely shrill and unbearable -LRB- Moira/Max , Billie -RRB- or bland and pointless -LRB- Angus -RRB- . And then there 's Jenny . The writers continued in their quest to create the most unlikeable , cringe-worthy , annoying character in the history of television . This is nothing against Mia Kirshner who is lovely and does well with what she 's given but after 3 seasons the writers still ca n't seem to figure out what to make of the character . It might make more sense if she was treated as some sort of pariah by those around her but all of the other characters seem to love her so ... what are they seeing that I 'm not ? Her actions make no sense , her relationships make no sense even for a crazy person . As for the sex , someone actually thought they reeled the sex in this season ? I never minded it in the past but sweet Lord !!! By the end of the season I felt like I was watching Cinemax After Dark ! It was insanse ! Grown adults do not start pulling off their clothes and fondling each other when mother is right outside the door !!!!! Especially when mom said she would be right back !!!!!!! By the end of things , you are left without a single character to like , a single believable storyline or any reason to want to spend time with these selfish , immature , unstable women ever again .
 Where to start . I 'll start by saying I have rarely been more disappointed in a series as I am with the 3rd season of The L Word . I really enjoyed the 1st and 2nd seasons , and how miserably off course this series has strayed is hard to fathom , because the first couple seasons do not remotely resemble the train wreck that is the 3rd season of this series.Was there a writers ' strike during this season , because the writing , casting , and character development were absolutely horrid . Amateurish , at best . Why , oh why , the writers did what they did during this season is something for which I just do n't think there is a logical answer . For example , the Billie Blaikie character is beyond annoying . Not only is this character totally irritating , but he 's useless in terms of the story line . A complete and utter bore , and why the writers would decide to infuse this Jar Jar Binks-like personality into The L Word world is beyond me.Moira / Max . Need I say anything more ? Pairing this character with Jenny made no sense . Absolutely no sense . Jenny is devoloping her identity with her newly found orientation , and what do the writers decide to do ? Pair Jenny with a woman who wants to become a man . Can they butcher what could otherwise be a potentially great character -LRB- Jenny -RRB- any further ? Just how idiotically confusing do they want to make this character , anyway . I 'm sorry , Moira/Max did n't fit in this show and I found her/his character a needless distraction , particularly considering the obvious lack of chemistry with Jenny.Let 's not forget about Angus . Could the writers have found a more dull character this side of the Milky Way ? Ohhhhhh no , not just dull . Goofy , too . If they would have limited his role to babysitting Bette and Tina 's baby , I would not be so upset . But come on , having him romantically involved with Kit made me cringe and gave me the willies every time they were together . Just another example of horrid writing and misplaced character dependencies.Spoiler ahead , folks . The absolute strategic blunder of the entire series and evidence which is proof positive that the writers were out to lunch for this entire season -- killing off Dana . Why did they do this ? Dana was such a sweet , innocent character who many could empathize with , because her family was so conservative and she had struggled so much with coming out . I 'm really quite bitter with this writing decision , and the decision to take this valuable character off the series simply tells me the writing is n't what it should have been . A mind numbing lack of vision was involved with this writing decision , because Dana , like all of the core characters , offers the series versatility and great character depth . A huge and completely unnecessary loss for this series.I 'm not happy with the direction of this series . The writing stinks . Too many characters make no sense . Character development is the pits . Strategic decisions to get rid of important characters is being carried out without much thought , it seems . I 'll see what they have to offer for the 4th season , and if the writers of this series want a legacy for this show , let 's hope they apply more logic to subsequent seasons ...
 I am hooked on this show ! The first season was the best , the second season was pretty good -LRB- despite the Mark character -RRB- but WTF happened in the third season ? All the characters I love have a personality overhaul -LRB- Bette is a wimp , Tina is a bitch , Alice is a stalker , etc. -RRB- They kill the goofy and funny Dana . Why ? What were they thinking ? The only new character I like is Dylan -LRB- so glad she screwed Helena . -RRB- The Moira/Max character is just weird and abusive -LRB- perfect match to Jenny btw . -RRB- I do n't mind she is not as pretty as the other lipstick lesbians on the show , but her character just is n't likable . Here 's to hoping a better 4th season and more to come !
 There were alot of scenes missing from the DVD 's that we received from the L Word complete season 1,2 & 3 , that we ordered and paid for . We watched the episodes on Showtime , and viewed scenes that were not on our dvds . And felt totally screwed . We watched the episodes again in re-run , on Showtime , and it was like , why are these scenes not on the DVD 's I paid $ % $ $ $ $ for ?
 This film is painfully bad . Juvenile and pathetic . How this made it on Amazon is a conspiracy . I want my money back . I demand my money back
 This film is painfully bad on all fronts . Acting - you could see the actors eyes moveing as they read que cards . Idea - an albino boy can go invisible , a highschool student can solve an equasion describing how to build a cloaking devise , and a spooky government agency is after everyone . Plot and wrighting - juvenile and pathetic . Filming - an inexpensive hand held.Don ' t waist your time or money on this one .
 Wow ... what horrible acting for the most part . Only exception is the tall cop with 3 stripes -LRB- I think it is a sergeants rank -RRB- He was natural . A couple of kids were good as well . Very good job as short as his scenes were . The main bad guy -LRB- balding with the mustache -RRB- absolutely freaking horrible ! He was so stiff and forced it was embarrassing . As for Laura -LRB- Marty Wisher -RRB- I agree with the other comment -LRB- after seeing her website -RRB- referring that she is living in a fantasy world if she thinks she can act ! Talk about vain !! Wannabes but never will be . I want MY money back as well .
 The first two reviews were right on the money . This film sucks !!!! It is poorly , written , directed and acted . It was done by Starlight studio productions in Cape Coral , florida . This company is comprised of local want to bes that have limited to no talent . On their facebook page they asked for people to write good reviews to off set the truthful ones . I tried to watch the movie right after it was made , and found it way too painful to make it all the way through . The writer and Director of this film is surrounded by people who continue to enable a fantasy way of life for her . I hope someone one day will love her more than themselves and tell her the truth . Stay away from this film it is horrible .
 It 's OK for the first 2 minutes , after which it 's repetitive and very boring . Yeah , they explain the special CGI effects , yeah the actors had to act when doing the dialogue , etc. ... . However , this review should n't be taken as critical of the movie itself , which I recommend . I watched in 3D on IMAX screen and it was great .
 It was OK but really over rated by almost everyone . It was ok but nothing we have not seen before . I might have squeezed out a 3 star but I was not really impressed with it . If your looking for a cute movie for the kids then its ok . Otherwise if your just a Sci Fi fan you might want to pass unless you like little kid stories . It tries hard at times but falls short of being taken serious !
 When I d/l this app I thought I was actually d/l the movie . I did n't pay attention to details and got an Avatar that was - to me - useless . I will pay more attention next time.Knight68
 I had some high hopes for this one . Some actors were good , some were just horrible . really low budget , which would be ok , if the director could make up for it , but he did not . Generally weak . Anyone who wants a sequel to this probably should n't watch these types of movies -LRB- Did n't you watch the end ? -RRB- If you want super depressing movie , but in a good way -LRB- which is what they were going for -RRB- get `` Requiem for a dream '' or the `` nameless '' . Do n't bother with this one .
 THIS MOVIE WAS COMPLETELY HARD TO FOLLOW . MADE NO SENSE WHATSOEVER . I WONDER ABOUT THESE REVIEWS ON HERE SOMETIMES . WOW .
 First , just let me say that I was a fan of the Closer . I really enjoyed watching someone who spent the first few weeks getting lost in L.A. . Her methods were extraordinary -LRB- and probably unrealistic -RRB- , but I did n't care . The series came to an end on some sad notes , but with good outcomes for our main character.Now that we have major crimes that picks up right after that , I feel that I expected more than what we 've been given . I think that as someone from internal affairs , Captain Raydor would project a different persona . It 's not like everyone in her department is a complete and total stranger . I also feel like they 're trying to put an exclamation point on everything . It 's almost like watching great episodes of , let 's say , Star Trek TNG , followed by a motion picture of STTNG where they spend a lot of time re-introducing characters that most of us already know.As for the quality of the download
 The same group without the Closer ` Brenda ' I think lacks big time and falls flat . It 's not nearly as fun or interesting as the Closer was . I really miss having Brenda in the series .
 They diss veterans and PTSD , add a brown-nosing and annoying new member , bring back Rusty and tough talk him , and add the kind of deal making that bothers a lot of people ... and expect the show to succeed?There is not much to watch on tv . I really like all the old crew . But . . I could hardly watch this .
 I knew it would n't be an easy transition , so I am willing to take it slow , but I do n't like the direction the show is taking . When Brenda was in charge you knew she would work to bring the criminals to justice . Brenda did her job and then the courts took over , we did n't have to watch that process . How we watch as the Major Crimes and District Attorneys plea bargain with scum bags . I know it happens , but I do n't want to see it . Major Crimes was so satisfied with the outcome , patting themselves on the back for a job well done . Sad .
 Do n't know where to begin . Story was loose , characters not believable , relationship to boy hooker domineering , and just ... wish I had n't paid the two bucks to see it .
 Just ask the producers and writers of the Closer because it sure has gone to crap . And please please get rid of that whiny character Rusty worst part of the show.Concentrate on crimes and solving them like you did with the Closer .
 It was horrible , the characters do not compliment each other now as they did with Brenda . They all stiff and boring and it they had started this out in the beginning seven years ago instead of Brenda , it would have only lasted five episodes . I 'm digging the grave for it now . I would never ever watch another episode , wo n't work with the characters they have now , never ever .
 Branda in `` the closer '' series outsmarts any other coworker , and can close hard cases without enough evidence . No doubt such character does not belong to the reality , with both hands tighten up by both political and economic reasons . `` major crimes '' is a show telling more realistic stories about how ordinary cops do they jobs . The good side is , they do n't look like fools any more , especially Provenza shows his ability to co-lead the division . And Captain Raydor is exactly the best person makes her coworker smarter . It is common sense that one can only replace a superstar by team work , and this is what the show is about.The bad side is , I do n't quite think the show charming any more . Just another ordinary criminal show . It is precisely the reason I find the last two season of `` the closer '' suddenly becomes boring
 the series is not as good as the closer . It ; s a sad thing that the closer is not there anymore . Main character is bad
 I 've heard good things about the movie edition for Macross Plus for a while . How it 's better then the 4 part OVA . I 've never gotten to see it until now , and IMO it is n't better . It feels a little choppy in the pacing department . The new music for the montages was n't as good as the music they had in the OVA . I do n't like that the battle scene with the VF-11B Thunderbolt and the board meeting talking about the YF-19 and YF-21 tests were cut but I like what they did with the rest . The ending is worth -LRB- at the very least renting -RRB- the Movie Edition of Macross Plus.My biggest problem is with the picture . The video for the DVD releases for the OVA looks great . But for the movie it looks like a VHS tape . It 's not like another company released the movie edition . I know it was put out for the Macross fans but it does n't mean the video has to look as bad is it does , esp . when the OVA looked so good . I do n't think it can be blamed on source material . What is up with the video quality ? No one is going to be using this as a demo disc.My next problem is with the Subtitles . From what I 've read there never was an English dub recorded for the Movie Edition and of course to do it for the dvd would cost more money -LRB- and I have a feeling it would n't be that inspired anyway -RRB- . I 'm fine with it only being in Japanese . What I do hate is burnt in subtitles . Why oh why ? It looks tacky and makes the video quality look a little worst . Again , they were going for the VHS look I guess . The audio does sound good though.The extras are a laugh . The character bio 's would have been better if a fan of the the series wrote them , the photo gallery is n't that great and the rest of the extras are just commericals for Manga . But I guess that 's what is to be expected as they are pretty much the same -LRB- if not the same , but I do n't feel like checking -RRB- extras for the OVA dvds . Still , Macross is pretty big and it would have been nice to see at least an interview with the director.Overall I ca n't recommend this disc . There is no excuse for the bad video and the burnt in subtitles . They must have ported the movie from a VHS tape and re-mixed the sound . If you like Macross I 'd recommend picking up the OVA . If you are a Macross region 1 dvd completist then you 'll pick this up no matter what , just like me .
 I was disappointed with this movie . I did n't really find a connection , at least a real connection , with the original story . Just a ` forced relation ' so as you can use the Macross -LRB- so as to sell more ? -RRB- name.The movie is not bad -LRB- not good either -RRB- but they should n't use the Macross name.It has n't also , have the ` soul ' of the original story .
 I originally purchased this movie for my boyfriend because he loves Macross and Robotech , and because I have never seen either anime series . Well , my boyfriend and I popped this in and sat stunned the whole way through because this movie was terrible ! I know that some people have given this movie a low rating because the picture quality was terrible , but honestly , I did not even notice the picture quality because I was too busy wondering , `` What the heck is this drivel , and why do people like this ? '' If were not for the fact that I have seen many other anime films/series , I would not be interested in seeing anything related to anime after viewing this movie.This movie reminds me of Twilight and every other story about a nonsensical love triangle that could easily be figured out over a cup of hot tea -LRB- Actually , I 'm pretty sure I 'm doing a disservice to Twilight -RRB- . Do not get me wrong , I do not mind love-triangles within a plot . The problem with this movie is that the movie is so focused on the love-triangle that I am left wondering why this is even within the Macross universe ? Another reason it reminded me of Twilight is the fact that the girl that is being fought over , Lucy , has no agency , no backbone , and absolutely no purpose other than to act as a foil for Isamu and Guld . The viewer learns the back-stories on Lucy , Isamu , and Guld , and it is interesting , but one is still left with the nagging question of why Lucy and Isamu did not just have a talk with Guld ? Instead , there is tension between Isamu and Guld , and unrequited love between all three characters.It is painfully obvious to the viewer who is in love with whom . It also appears that the characters themselves know about each person 's feelings , but no one says anything . And , it is not like the issues they have with one another are small , petty , or meaningless ; the issues they have are pertinent to other person within the group , and they know it , but no one says a word which leads to a bunch of avoidable craziness . My boyfriend hated this as well , yet stated that he found the last 5-10 minutes somewhat redeeming . I , on the other hand , did not even care about the last few minutes because I spent an hour being bored , frustrated , and face-palming . That being said , do not buy this movie if you have not seen Macross the series or Robotech . Actually , regardless of whether you have watched the the two series or not , do not waste money on this movie .
 What were Manga thinking releasing this ? Hands down this is the grainiest , spottiest , mind-shatteringly terrible transfer I have ever seen . Read the review over at AnimeOnDVD to see what I 'm talking about , wish I had read that first before purchasing . As for the movie ? Going by some of the reviews here I expected this to be a classic anime the likes of Ghost In The Shell et al. . Talk about Robotech/Macross fans seeing things through rose colored glasses . This film is all over the place , granted it was culled from a four part OVA , but even so , it truly is bad . I love mecha anime as much as the next guy , but there is little to recommend here . Go ahead and purchase based on the glowing reviews , but do n't say you were n't warned .
 I was a really big fan of Macross Plus The Movie . It was the one of my favourite anime ever . I was waiting many years for this title to be released on DVD . They were saying that on DVD this film will be remastered etc. . So I 've preordered it from Amazon as soon as it was possible . It was the biggest disappointment in my life , when I watched the movie . It was looking exactly the same as on VHS ! Even subtitles were encoded on the screen . The chinese bootleg was a lot better than this original release !
 Macross , for the uninitiated , is an '80s era mecha anime about an intergalactic war between humans and an alien race called the Zendredi during the year 2009 . Though the space opera setup was by-the-numbers , what made Macross stand out were three things
 I recently started watching foreign movies and thought I would try an Italian show . I found it very difficult to listened to Italian.I dont have a problem with the sub-titles . But the sound of Italian is too harsh . I prefer , Swedish or French . I could not watch it for long . Maybe next time I 'll mute the sound . Wow What an idea !!!
 This DVD might be worth it 's money if it was of the original comedian who wrote all his jokes . Carlos MenSTEALia has a great delivery ... it 's just too bad he ca n't come up with his own material !
 I got this as a gift and if it was n't alreay opened , I would have returned it . Theres nothing new or novel about the humor in the series . Its the same old tired race jokes throughout .
 Seriously . He 's not funny . He just yells out racial slurs and racist comments ... which in itself is not bad IF it is told in a form of a joke . But he does n't tell jokes , he just says racist crap in a tone that almost tries to convince you that it 's suppose to be funny.Stupid people will laugh at his stuff . And if he does have good material every now and then , most likely he stole it from other comics.Just search for Bill Cosby and Carlos Mencia on youtube , you can see an example of blatant and shameless plagarism .
 Four well-dressed French thugs , at the prodding of a floozy who just a minute before bared her ta-tas to a `` Clockwork Orange '' ringleader knock-off , aim a gun at him for turning down her overture . `` BANG ! '' goes the gun . `` Clockwork '' dude , who looks like the love child of Ricky Schroder and Mikhail Baryshnikov , puts his hand to his neck , later showing off what looks like a small scratch made by his pet tabby.Gang says , `` There he is ! '' -LRB- Lucky shot , in that case . Well , not so lucky really since throwing a butter knife at him would have done just as much damage . -RRB- Clockwork then goes running across a field and into a castle wherein it looks like Just Jaeckin is working on some storyboards for `` Lady Chatterley 's Lover . `` Such is the poorly constructed world of Jean Renoir 's `` Fascination , '' a Skinimax yarn that at best plays like Richard Kern directing an episode of `` Bewitched , '' and at worst comes across like a bad-implant catalog captured on film.It is strange that a director who was nominated for a directing Oscar for `` The Southerner '' and mentored Robert Aldrich , the director of `` Whatever Happened to Baby Jane ? '' and `` The Dirty Dozen , '' would switch to X-rated movies toward the end of his career . Stranger still is that when Renoir died immediately after the filming of this movie , Orson Welles stated in a Los Angeles Times editorial that he was `` the greatest of European directors
 I have not seen this film yet so I can not review yet but will soon . I like the other films , well some of the films by this director .
 This little seen cult flick is mostly recommended for those who like art melded with their gore . Personally for that I would watch BLOODSUCKING FREAKS -LRB- 1978 -RRB- or THE GORE GORE GIRLS -LRB- 1972 -RRB- ; but this is the first Jean Rollin film I have ever seen so cut me a little slack.Set in France in 1905 , the movie opens with a pair of attractive young women drinking ox blood fresh from the local slaughterhouse as part of a bizzare therapy prescribed by their doctor . Predictably as a result of this they become addicted to blood , & soon reach the point where animal fluids do n't work well anymore so they logically advance to human blood . Hiding out in a castle , the ever growing band of lovely female vampires , tired of feasting on their own gender ; select two of their brethren to seduce young men & slaughter them for their blood . No mean feat , since -LRB- speaking as a heterosexual male -RRB- guys do about 90 % of their thinking with their nether regions anyhow , so the mission is about as straightforward as finding ice in Antarctica.FASCINATION is a pretentious arty film directed by cult fave Jean Rollin ; there are a few lesbian sex scenes & some nudity but not enough to make the movie worthwhile , even given the brief running time -LRB- approx 78 mins -RRB- . The gore scenes are boring too , & make one pine for the masterful works of Herschell Gordon Lewis . Who would have though a French exploitation film about two gorgeous bi-sexual female vampires could be so bloody boring ? FASCINATION may rate as essential viewing for arthouse ponces but horror/cult movie fans will be disappointed.However , if you enjoy this you may want to check out the Hammer horrors THE VAMPIRE LOVERS -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , LUST FOR A VAMPIRE -LRB- 1971 aka TO LOVE A VAMPIRE -RRB- & VAMPIRES -LRB- 1974 aka DAUGHTERS OF DRACULA -RRB- - all of which are mediocre too , in my opinion . But I WILL give Jean Rollin a second chance & rent LIVING DEAD GIRL at some stage .
 I wo n't even mention the other bands on this DVD.Dream Theater , Nevermore are the only bands worth watching on this release . Megadeth are n't too bad but their other live DVD release is much better.I could think of 50 Nevermore songs they could have put on this disk , and they do n't include the actual songs contained.Put it this way . I bought it , i watched it , and have n't again.Nevermore needs to release a dvd on their own and stop putting 2-3 songs on different compilations.I 'll stick with Dream Theater Live in New York or Budakon .
 The cover of the movie said `` A brilliant comedy '' and I did n't see any brilliance nor any comedy . Half way through I asked my wife if she knew what this movie was about ; she did n't know either . It 's the next day and I still do n't know . As a very open minded person I usually really enjoy the odd movies . This one puzzlles me how it ever got off the ground . If you have a few hours to waste , watch it .
 I picked it up because of Colbert and Gaffigan 's names on the cover figuring if they chose to be involved in it it would at least be creative if not funny . It 's just slow and boring . Another formulaic attempt to find beauty and tragedy in the minuitae of everyday human existance . The characters and situations are more developed than those in 21 Grams or Coffee And Cigarettes but not as much as those in American Beauty or You And Me And Everyone We Know .
 To be honest , this could have been a good movie but sadly was n't . Very slow moving and not funny what so ever ... . I also think the 9/11 tie in was to just draw a bigger audience ... . Do n't buy it . Rent if it is the last thing available -LRB- even after checking out the cartoon section at the video store -RRB- .
 A comedy ? It does say a brilliant comedy on the dvd jacket , but if this a comedy I 'd hate to see a drama.I kept waiting for something to pull this piece together , next thing I knew the credits were rolling . All I could say was , `` huh '' ? Do n't bother with this one !
 the cover lies !!! this was one of the stupidest movies i have ever watched ! it had no point ! after watching it i was still wondering what was going on . the story was random and had no point . it had charters that went conceited , it had random sens that did n't make sense do n't waist your time with this movie !
 The title refers to the name of the company owned by one of the characters . However , to use the title in a different way , I 'd have to say the movie is far from great , not at all new , and there 's nothing wonderful about it . Okay ... to be serious ... I found this movie in a $ 3.99 bin . I had never heard of it , but I bought it because I like the actors in it , the cover description makes it sound really funny and it was cheap . Cheap , yes . Funny , no . It 's only mildly amusing and mildly engaging with certain characters , which I shall point out , herein . This is basically a group of stories of individual characters . With the exception of a few of them meeting in an elevator , their stories do not intertwine . Maybe , if the characters and their individual stories DID intertwine or have notable connections , the movie might be a better feature . But , as it stands , it 's just separate stories thrown together on one film . I disliked the majority of the movie for the characters of Emme , David & Allison and Sandie -LRB- although Jim Gaffigan does a good job in his portrayal -RRB- . Of those characters , I did like the character of Sandie 's therapist , Dr. Trabulous -LRB- played perfectly by Tony Shalhoub -RRB- . I also liked the story of the two foreign security guards Avi & Satish -LRB- Naseeruddin Shah & Sharat Saxena -RRB- . Their characters -LRB- and their story -RRB- are the most interesting and fun to watch . I also liked the character of Judy -LRB- played brilliantly by Olympia Dukakis -RRB- , the down-trodden , unappreciated elderly wife of her elderly husband who is set in a mundane routine . She spends her time cutting out pictures and pasting them onto canvases as a collage painting . -LRB- It might be nice to see more of that . -RRB- Trying to watch the whole movie is difficult , because most of it is boring and not well done . But , fortunately , the DVD has the redeeming bonus features which actually present each of the stories in individual formats . So , you can go to the Bonus Features of the DVD and watch , for example , Judy 's Story or Avi & Satish 's Story -LRB- my favorite two out of the five -RRB- . These are re-edited versions from the movie , which simply edit out all but the bits with those characters , allowing you to watch their story , without the distraction of the other stories in the movie . On the whole , it 's not worth buying this movie , but it is worth renting it .
 I watched this movie on cable . Great line up of actors . Most are wasted on two-dimensional characters . You know these actors from their previous and subsequent work - so you expect excellence . Unfortunately , their presence distracts from the story . I love Steven Colbert , but I only enjoyed his presence once he started to crack off one-liners . I think the 9-11 subtext is a red haring . After reflecting a few hours , I think the moral of at least one story line is - get rid of your mentally disturbed kid if you ever want any sanity/sex life . Perhaps that 's where the dark humor comes in ... . Who knows ? If this movie qualifies as a `` brilliant comedy '' , then Old Yeller is a laugh riot . Greenwich Village is missing its idiot .
 This drama is so stupid . One man is driven to madness , a child that has anger problems , a man obsessed with cheating on his wife , and a woman trying to be the best at her job . The only thing that remotely brings the topic of 9/11 is the pscho evaluation . I guess the writers want you to guess the child has anger issues because of 9/11 . THis movie was all over the place in direction . THe acting was good and they had a great cast but obviously the writers did n't know what to do with them . Definitely not a family movie !
 saw this movie over the weekend and just did n't get where it was going . very Woody Allenesque influenced with the New York Multi takes on people 's lives . but it felt very superfical and never got to the point it was trying to make or prove.the post 9-11-01 take again left a mix message and while this film had some interesting ideas , it just never got fully off the ground . a twisted `` ordinary People '' type of take if you will that just did n't go anywhere .
 Long Version : How does that Meat Loaf song go ? Two out of Three Ai n't Bad ? I guess that means one out of three is bad . This movie was neither Great , nor Wonderful . And as soon as it is no longer considered `` new , '' it will be zero out of three.I wanted to enjoy the movie . For most of the movie I enjoyed the characters and felt for them in certain scenarios . Something was just missing . Well , I figure two things were missing
 The above , is a much better title for this so-called movie . The reason they let you watch each of the five , 20 minute stories separately -LRB- if you choose to -RRB- , is because they 're all really just shorts . Nothing funny about this film , except for the Dvd cover , which only gets the actor 's names correct . Every other word on it is a complete lie . It 's not even good , never mind brilliant . Comedy ? Nope ! It 's a movie about angst , fear , depression and who knows what else.I always love Maggie G. , but here , her part is just too small for me to really care about her . Stephen Colbert 's bit part as the school Principal was smoothly acted -LRB- again it 's too short to care much -RRB- , and yes , it was nice to see Rosemarie Dewitt -LRB- co-star of the recently cancelled Fox show , `` Standoff '' -RRB- have a brief 1 minute or so scene in this film , but it was a bland scene , just like this entire movie . Except for maybe the two brief shots of Judy Greer 's absolutely perfect rear end -LRB- too bad she always had something covering it -RRB- . I think her derriere is actually `` The Great New Wonderful '' . So , maybe it 's not false advertising after all.Finally , none of the stories have any really good endings . They just end , like each of our own days do . How profound ... and boring . I give this 1 and a half stars -LRB- the half star is for Judy Greer 's best feature ; although , I enjoyed her role in the film the most , even without her backside 's `` Oscar '' - worthy performance ... for Best Supporting Asstress -RRB- .
 This movie is disjoint , at times shallow , unreal . Yes , it 's complex , but overtly and overly so . The only way the storylines meet is all the protagonists end up in an elevator towards the end - a sad attempt to bring together the stories.Pathetic .
 `` The `` Lame '' New Wonderful , '' A movie with some great acting with an assemble cast lacks in the department of storytelling . Another movie that deals with the horrific 9/11 attacks , actually the year following 9/11 near the one year anniversary of everyday New Yorkers trying to `` cope '' with living in a city in which such tragedy occurred within the previous year . The movie dealt with little of people who actually knew someone who died in the attacks , had little really to deal with 9/11 except for portions in which a psychologist is crisis counseling an employee that had a near , well , close call . There is no doubt that New Yorkers felt stressed during the time being portrayed in the movie and probably even today still , but besides the above reference and the overhead shots of planes and the thunderous roaring sounds engines of large planes in the background , this movie had really little to deal with 9/11 . What it dealt with is every day stresses of life , of who you want to be and how precious and delicate life really is . Maggie G. was great in it , the rest of the cast was OK , but what it lacked in storytelling did not make up in emotion except for one particular part in which a couple of -LRB- spoiler -RRB- parents give up on a child -- The only real emotional scene in the entire movie . Independent movie it was , but unfortunately , this independent movie did n't fair as well as others has been of late . As for the 9/11 subplot , my belief is it was thrown in and referenced just a couple times in the movie to gain an audience . The best 9/11 movies that I have seen are `` United 93 '' and the TV mini-series `` The Path to 9/11 . '' I purchased this movie on pay-per-view because I was really bored . I love dialog driven movies , but this movies dialog was sub par , boring and in my view exploitive in using the attacks of 9/11 as a selling point for seeing the movie . This movie was just awful , awfully boring , and awfully tedious to watch . Wait until you find a copy next to a dumpster , then lift the lid of that dumpster and throw the trash where it needs to go , back into the dumpster .
 I did n't come up with that line , it was from the movie . The best line from the movie , in my opinion , as a beleaguered school principal finally cuts loose and tells a clueless couple that their horrid , heinous child really does need some major help . That line perfectly sums up this really awful film , peopled with some of the most unappealing characters I 've seen lately . Shame on the folks responsible , for exploiting the tragedy of 9/11 by using it to showcase this bunch of freaks . Even the wonderful Tony Shalhoub merely played `` Mr. Monk becomes a Therapist . '' Do n't know what ever happened to the Psycho Child , but by the end of the film he 's gone , which is where I should have been long before the closing song .
 The cover says `` the perfect date movie ! '' How is this the perfect date movie ? Its about a married couple having issues , because the man -LRB- Hugh Grant -RRB- cheated on the woman -LRB- Sarah Jessica Parker -RRB- . They 're seperated , getting a divorce , then when he appears to talk with her , they end up witnessing the murder of SJP 's client.Then they get stuck in witness protection together . Which is what Hugh wants , and of course SJP wants to get as far away from him as possible . He does what he can to get her back , and I 'm sure you can guess how it comes out.In witness protection , the movie becomes a fish out of water movie , as an Englishman and an upscale New Yorker are stuck in the country town of Ray , Wyoming with a sheriff and his wife the deputy . SJP as a New Yorker out of her element , was very unfunny and it should be so easy for her.Another big problem with the movie is after seeing movie trailers for it , I felt like I had seen it before . My friends said the same thing . The movie is also REALLY slow . Every good laugh was shown on the commercials , and its a long way between laughs.Avoid this movie and see Music & Lyrics with Hugh and Drew Barrymore . Actually Drew Barrymore would have made a much funnier New Yorker in the country . Bad acting on SJP 's part .
 The movie was very boring . Mostly , because of SJ Parker . She ca n't act . She was so fake that I hardly made myself to finish watching it . She had the same voice , gestures , and the whole character like Paula from `` Failure to launch '' . Additionally , I was distracted by her absolutely horrible look . This is the movie when she looked the worst .
 Was this a comedy ? I mean there was nothing funny , and every moment was predictable . The scenes of the New York couple contending with rural life , like bears and chopping wood were horrible cliches . High Grant has made dozens of these stinkers . He has no chemistry with Sarah Jessica Parker , and she is not funny here . Bad script . Completely unrealistic . Avoid .
 Wasnt the best-overly predictable and overdone at times . Hugh Grant was shown as a funny character and succeeded at times but not others . SJPs character was like almost all of her roles in that she is overly dramatic and frets over the dumbest things . The storyline has been done many times before . If it had been especially funny it would have been ok , but this movie was nothing special .
 Do n't waste your time with this movie unless you want something to put you to sleep . Yet another lame attempt for SJP to come across as an actor
 DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE MORGANS?STARRING
 It 's sad to think that Huge Grant matched up with the over rated Sarah Jessica Parker in this poorly written and blandly acted comedy . And of course , typical of the Left-wing minded Hollywood , the statement from Parker about Sarah Palin was stupid propaganda . It would have been contemporarily funny and comically controversial if the screen writers had interjected an antidote or gag about Nancy Pelosi , Biden , or Obama into the movie . But then again Hollywood is hypocritical , neutered , and lame . Save your money folks and time ... life is too short .
 Really , a big disappointment.Hugh Grant is a master of the romantic comedy . What 's he doing here ? What possibilities did he see in this script?Sarah Jessica Parker , a veteran actress , is completely miscast as the love interest . No sparkle betwwen her and Mr. Grant.Same is true for Mary Steenburgen and Sam Elliott . They do n't gel as a couple.Bottom line . This movie is not funny . Proven actors with stale dialogue and a weak storyline.You do n't care what 's happening or what 's going to happen . You ca n't identify with the characters . That 's a harsh condemnation of the script . But , if Sam Elliott ca n't get a rise out of you , somethings wrong.A case of a great ensemble acting bored and then boring their audience.A shame.One star for Elizabeth Moss who had the sparkle and the wit . Unfortunately , to no avail .
 Did You Hear About the Morgans ? is one of those movies that was n't special , but also was n't too bad . It was forgettable yet funny at the same time . The plot was cliche and predictable , but there were definitely some funny scenes . I 've never liked Sarah Jessica Parker , but she was at least passable in this movie and made for a pretty believable character . If you want a date movie or romantic comedy you could certainly do worse . I 'd say this was 3.75 stars .
 After witnessing a murder , an estranged couple Paul Morgan -LRB- Hugh Grant -RRB- and Meryl Morgan -LRB- Sarah Jessica Parker -RRB- is forced to leave New York City and live -LRB- temporarily -RRB- in a small town in Wyoming with a sheriff Clay Wheeler -LRB- Sam Elliott -RRB- and his wife Emma -LRB- Mary Steenburgen -RRB- . Paul wants to win back Meryl 's love while Meryl misses the life in the big city . The problem is ... do we care?Clearly there is much to be desired in terms of the storyline in `` Did You Hear About the Morgans ? '' The contrived premise about the witness protection program and a professional killer are just unnecessary . Though based on a lazy `` fish-out-of-water '' scenario and unoriginal ideas , the film still could have been watchable with more interesting characters , which the Morgans are not . Even the character played by Hugh Grant , usually a very reliable actor , is not as charming as he should be , and as to the Razzie-nominated Sarah Jessica Parker 's irritating character , I rooted for the villain.This is the third time Hugh Grant has collaborated with director Marc Lawrence . The first was `` Two Weeks Notice '' and the second `` Music and Lyrics . '' They may not be the greatest film in the world , but at least the latter is much more delightful than `` Morgans , '' thanks to the considerable chemistry between Hugh Grant and Drew Barrymore . With romantic chemistry that is nowhere visible on the screen , `` Did You Hear About the Morgans ? '' lacks the charms of their previous effort .
 Director Marc Lawrence 's 2009 comedy `` Did You Hear About the Morgans ? '' features the usually sleekly coiffed and fashionably glamored Sarah Jessica Parker as an older and slightly more pinched Carrie Bradshaw of `` Sex and the City '' fame and her estranged husband , an unfaithful Mr. Big character played by the one time charming Hugh Grant in a vapid cliched romp absolutely devoid of chemistry and badly timed jokes.In an attempt to discuss their failed marriage , the Morgans sit down to dinner and unfortunately witness a murder which puts their lives in jeopardy . Pathetically played police officers insist on sending the sad couple to the Big Sky of Wyoming to the welcoming arms of Mr. and Mrs. NRA -- the ever hunky Sam Elliot and the winsome Mary Steenburgen -LRB- the only two members of the cast that can do anything right with a script that has little redeeming value -RRB- where Parker does her best to bemoan her New Yorklessness and Grant perpetually winces at her incessant and expected badgering regarding his infidelity.UGH ! Of course , the villain figures out where they are thanks to the couple 's mutually neurotic assistants and the small town residents rally to protect the Morgans aka the Fosters who they have come to regard as native sons in just one short week.Intended as a charming entertainment along the lines ofTwo Weeks Notice -LRB- Keepcase -RRB- andMusic and Lyrics -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- , two other Lawrence directed romantic comedies starring and attempting to capitalize on Hugh Grant 's boyish charm , `` Did You Hear About the Morgans ? '' fails miserably on many levels . Parker and Grant have absolutely no chemistry ; Grant 's pained expressions get old fast as does Lawrence 's attempt to work Parker 's reputation as New York City 's finest fashionista with a know-all iPhone toting zeal for her all-consuming career as real estate mogul with the mostess . If I see her sporting another expensive cowboy hat a la the 80s , I think I will scream ... no maybe just yawn.Its not that the jokes are n't funny -- given a better delivery they could have had the audience chortling enthusiastically as this pair from the urban jungle ineptly lands in a place where street smarts do not matter . What worked for Grant in the ever popularNotting Hill -LSB- HD DVD -RSB- and the equally feel goodAbout a Boydies miserably on the vine here . An older Grant needs more sophisticated material where his witty repartee coincides with his more advanced years . Parker , on the other hand , needs to continue to play Carrie Bradshaw in ad nauseum revivals ofSex and the City
 I 'm sure there are some who , for whatever reasons , will connect with this film and love it . More will be moderately amused , perhaps a bit nonplussed , and then promptly forget almost everything about this unmemorable flick . While I ca n't quite understand the first reaction , and while I can sympathize with the second since it 's probably not worth it to get worked up about a movie , in what follows I only want to speak for my own experience , and why I found this film not only bad but obnoxiously so , to the point where it makes me cynical about Hollywood . There are so many brilliant writers out there , and so many good actors , and so many filmmakers that have original visions and interesting stories that could be told about so many things that I have to find it sad this movie got funded and filmed by the studios . Just take a look at the many wonderful independent and international films that play at Sundance or Cannes or Toronto , and then never really manage to play in the major theaters in America , because they are allegedly aiming at a narrow niche audience -- since when did excellent storytelling and powerful artistry become a niche market ? -- but this one is as niche as it comes.Somehow someone in Hollywood is convinced that a broad swath of the moviegoing public wants to hear stories about pampered , annoying , well-to-do city folk , on the brink of divorce , who somehow discover that they really do love one another after being put into a witness protection program in small town Wyoming , and also connect with good old town home American country values along the way ? More likely , someone is convinced that there 's a fair market for Sarah Jessica Parker or Hugh Grant `` comedies '' and it does n't matter whether they 're any good . I 've seen a few of these `` fish out of water '' comedies about couples who reconnect when they -LRB- temporarily -RRB- lose everything , and this one has to be by far the worst . Chock full ' o cliches and hamfisted delivery of life 's lessons , it was painful to watch . Like the moment when Sarah Jessica Parker 's character is searching for marriage advice from the reticent Sam Elliot , and misconstrues his advice about how to milk a cow as profound psychological insight . Then , just to make sure the audience gets it , Parker 's character points out that the advice is truly profound , and then spells out literally how what he said applies to her situation -LRB- something about breaking it to your spouse gently when you 've cheated on them -RRB- , and Elliot explains that he was really talking about the cow -LRB- something about pulling softly on the cow 's teat so it does n't kick you -RRB- , but that he guesses you could take it both ways -- this film is a far cry from the screwball `` comedies of remarriage '' from classic Hollywood days when the writers expected their audiences to catch the puns and understand the double-entendres . By the way , I do n't begrudge Elliot taking this role , since he 's sadly underused , and his character is one of the few things that makes this film semi-palatable . Of course , nearly every little nugget of wisdom he utters in his gruff and sardonic manner turns out sounding profound , and has the merit of sounding smarter than almost anything said by the leading couple . The worse thing was , this comedy just did n't manage to be funny . For all they tried to milk comedy out of the incongruities of city folk in the country -- Hugh Grant gets his eyes sprayed by bear repellent ... twice !!!! -- I 'd seen funnier variations of all of it many times before.It 's not just the bad writing , but I have to say Sarah Jessica Parker and Hugh Grant are pretty annoying to watch here . They are n't acting , but pretty much just playing more incompetent and more insecure versions of the usual characters they play in just about everything they 're in . I 've never much liked them in anything -- though Hugh Grant managed to play a few decent roles -LRB- e.g.Four Weddings and a Funeraland , maybe , Bridget Jones 's Diary -RRB- before he became a stereotype of himself -LRB- and then , maybe , one more inAbout a Boy -RRB- ; and though I 'm no fan , Sarah Jessica Parker managed to fit well enough in her role in the Sex and the City series -- but I can say in all honesty that I 've never seen them much worse . I 'm pretty sure , at least , that Hugh Grant ca n't possibly be proud of what he accomplished with this role since he seems hardly to believe half of the sappy things he says , and seems genuinely embarrassed by the self-deprecating antics he has to go through this time around . I do n't usually write reviews of films I hate , since I 'd much prefer to spread the word about under-appreciated but excellent indies and international films ; in this case , after renting it with my wife I thought it was the least I could do to warn others against wasting two precious hours of their lives .
 Sarah Jessica Parker 's performance is blah ; the chemistry between Sarah and Hugh Grant is virtually non-existent . The dullness creeps in at the very beginning of the film and never leaves . Do n't waste your time/money on this one !
 Really a pathetic attempt at non existant humor.The movie had a stellar cast and obviously , because the movie was so bad , the blame falls on the script , writer , which i dont understand why all these great actors , in this movie would be bothered appearing in this terrible movie.The previews were great , leading one to believe that the movie would be fun and funny.I have to agree with other comments that there was n't any chemistry between Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker.Ive never cared for her as an actress other than her role in the movie `` Flight of the Navigator '' . Even if Hugh Grant , who is an outstanding , multifacited , can play any part exceptionally actor , had a leading lady that shared chemistry with him , it wouldnt have saved this terrible movie.A huge dissappointment -- dont bother wasting your time watching this one .
 I have never liked Sara Jessica Parker and , once again , she lived up to my expectations . How in the world does she continue to get roles ? I 'm also not much of a Hugh Grant fan but he looked like Richard Burton compared to Parker.To be fair , they did n't have a lot to work with . The dialogue was trite and hokey . I think that with some effort this could have been a decent movie but , as it was , it was just sad.I read the reviews and was warned to stay away from this movie but I did n't listen . I 'll give you the same warning - save your money and time . I hope you 're smarter than I was . This is possibly the worst movie I 've seen in the last several years .
 It was bad !!! Was is supposed to be a comedy ? I did not laugh once . This movie is a waste of time .
 Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker fail to click in yet another glorified sitcom from the Hollywood assembly line . Regardless of screen ratio , `` Did You Hear About the Morgans ? '' -LRB- 2009 -RRB- is a dire experience . The studios no longer care about quality product . For once , moviegoers responded in kind .
 Did you hear about the Morgans not being a very good comedy ? Holy crap , what does it say about a movie when the best parts about it are the DVD 's audio commentary and gag reel ? Such be the case for DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE MORGANS ? , a film that not even its two ordinarily dependable leads can extract from the sucky dregs . Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker do their damndest but even their huge likability is n't enough to surmount the cruddy scriptwriting . Crazy thing is , if you listen to the audio commentary by the director and Hugh and Sarah Jessica , there 's no dearth of good chemistry when it 's just them being themselves.It 's hard to quit Park Avenue for the boonies , especially if you 're a power couple used to the posh things in life . Or even a past tense power couple . Paul Morgan is a successful lawyer . Meryl Morgan is a high end real estate broker , and their divorce is about to be finalized . Except that Paul - he who 'd bollocksed things up - is seeking to reconcile . He talks Meryl into a dinner and , later walking it off , the two end up witnessing a murder . The assassin having glimpsed their mugs , it 's off to the Witness Relocation Program for Paul and Meryl Morgan . Or , as they 're now pseudonymed , the Fosters . In mid-flight , they learn from the laconic NYPD official that they 'll be hiding out in a tiny town called Ray , Wyoming . To which a straight-faced Paul asks
 I expect better from writer/director Marc Lawrence . The creative genius behind theMiss Congenialityfranchise , Lawrence has a deft touch for rom-coms with goofy , offbeat heros and heroines . Of course , with Miss Congeniality and the equally winningTwo Weeks Notice -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- -LRB- Snap Case -RRB- , he had a little weapon called Sandra Bullock on his side . But Two Weeks ' Notice -LRB- yes , there should be an apostrophe in there , thank you -RRB- also featured a very good Hugh Grant . Lawrence and Grant continued their partnership on the sneaky-goodMusic and Lyrics -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- . Not only was that a winning comedy , it also served as a great primer on the creative process . Moreover , it featured a pitch-perfect Easter Egg
 Amusing idea , we all like to see two people forced together to ` make it work ' and see a happy ending ; but ... Sarah Jessica Parker looked almost 50 -LRB- she 's been at it a long time
 I purchased this DVD in March 2010 for a present to a member of my family who lives a few hundred miles from me and they bought the DVD back to me
 When New Yorkers Meryl and Paul Morgan see a murder , they 're whisked away to rural Wyoming in the witness protection program . The problem is ... besides hating country life , they 're on the verge of divorce.The plot for this comedy was so predictable , I could picture the check list
 Although I enjoy both the lead actors in this movie , for me it was a little too slow , not enough excitment or realism . I know it is merely entertainment but ...
 The pairing of Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker had the potential to be much funnier . This is one of those cases where the trailers are about the only parts of the movie worth watching . I saw it on pay per view and was not impressed .
 I like movies . I will watch all kinds of movies from all countries . I truly wish I was watching something else when I watched this ! Once again my wife picked out a movie for us to watch . This is the woman who has picked out CATCH AND RELEASE nad NEW IN TOWN . Lets say we are getting close to grounds for divorce here . Seriously even my wife could n't believe how DEAD this movie was . We love Hugh Grant but he just was n't funny here . He looked very uncomfortable doing this part . As for Parker , where was the director ? She came across as a whinny bitchy sterotypical New Yorker . I am sure those from New York hated her too . Elliot and Steenburgen , two wonderful actors , while were the best thing in the movie , had nothing to do or add to the movie . Elliot was a U.S. marshall and carried a gun but never used it and the only action he got in the movie was pitching horse shoes and milking a cow . That scene where he is milking and Parker is telling him about her affair is one of the most badly written and awkward scenes I have seen . No wonder Elliot hid behind the cow 's ass during the scene , maybe he was telling the audience something . I really felt sorry for the bear He was n't cute nor brave and even he looked embarrassed . The plot was choppy at the first and it never really clear why they , Grant and Parker , were apart . It was here that the two assistants were seen and for some reason they had more to do and chemistry than the main actors . Of course they were not developed and they too were short changed in plot.There were about 6 lines in the movie where I similed or laughed , but then again I am hard of hearing and maybe I wanted to laugh at something . There was one long dragged out scene where Steenburgen taught Parker to shoot . It was long , way too long and short on humor . I kept wondering why Elliot who was there did n't try to teach Grant to shoot . Elliot was a marshall so he was trained to shoot . There was the tossed in idea that this was Elliot 's last job , why it was there I have no idea.Of course the bad guy finds them and comes after them . This is not unexpected , after all this is bad wrilting 101 . The climax , dare I say that , was at a rodeo . Excuse me , my wife is telling me that there was no climax . Hmmm I think she is right ! Two people in a mangy cow suit is not a climax . Especially when the bad guy is hit in the head with a horse shoe , but this is the West.The minor characters got thier names in the credits but they were not that noticeable in the movie . The town of Ray Wyoming was given the quick sterotypical cliche whitewash , thus robbing it of any charm it may have had.The ending , well it sucked ! Grant and Parker adopt a Chinesse baby and she get pregant by Grant and live happy ever after in New York . The thing is the one point that the movie was making was that these two found happiness away from New York and that they finally began to love Ray , Wyoming and this led me to think they would go back there to lilve . Stupid me , I forgott about bad wrilting 101 . One last thing , we saw the movie Killers starring Ashton Kructer -LSB- spelling ? -RSB- and he and that mvoie were 10 times better than this . Oh my god what is happening to movies ?
 There are simply not words to describe how bad this movie is and how much you will wish you could get the last 2 hours of your life back . Spare yourself and pick out a different movie .
 The trailers are funny , thats all . If I want a message about eating the wrong `` greasy heart stopping food '' I will rent supersize . If I want to learn more about anti-gun laws I will listen to critics of NRA . Geez give me a break , BORING ; I ca n't imagine why Hugh Grant even agreed to this part . Yuck . I wasted the rental fee . I 'd rather watch Fargo , it has humor in it .
 Studio Executive 1
 Normally , Sarah Jessica Parker disgusts me even on a bright , sunny day in New Mexico -LRB- not Wyoming , because this film was filmed in NM , only set in WY ... point ?? -RRB- . Hugh Grant of course is a perennial favorite , though I always think of him as a 2nd-string comic actor . These two play a separated couple who witness a death and get sent to `` Wyoming '' under Witness Protection Program.As another reviewer says , that 's basically it . A murderer who appears to have the resources of Ben Gates from NATIONAL TREASURE eventually tracks them , but in the meantime they waggle their booties in the ol' west , under the care of the sheriff , played by the ever-marvelous Sam Elliott and his onscreen wife , Mary Steenburgen . The town physician , a sweetie pie and handsome-devil-in-jeans , impressed me the most . Sad.I 'd say the humor from Elliott is just about the best thing here , but of course the real treat is the combination of Hugh-the-British-Wiseacre rubbed alongside . However , a badly blown opportunity is to be seen in his confrontations with Wilford Brimley . Those are , I 'd say ... unique . It reminded me of the last time I watched an Englishman in the west -LRB- John Hurt in WILD BILL -RRB- . Equally not funny . Then again , Hurt was n't meant to be funny.Obviously this will bring NOTTING HILL to mind , which in spite of the equally noxious Julia Roberts , was 100 % better . It also strikes me that the chemistry we saw in THE PROPOSAL between Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds , who also played irritated rivals , is so crucial to a thing like this . It is n't here , though it is the magic this film needed . Therefore ... this film made me wonder
 Everything other reviewers was true . It is not a bad movie but it is n't good either .
 This is another deadly dull and unimaginative movie-by-numbers from the same people who brought you a thousand other movies no one remembers three minutes after leaving the cinema . Hugh Grant ca n't make movies in the UK any more because the British seem to make only about one movie every couple of years . So , to pay for the fuel for his Aston Martin , Grant has to accept scripts that seem to have been written by machines . Everything is totally predictable , the humor - despite stalwart performances by Grant and Sam Elliott - is unfunny , the situations pathetic and the resolution is obvious from the opening voice-over . This is dishwater of the thinnest kind and should be avoided by anyone who wants not to lapse into a catatonic state . On the other hand , if you have trouble sleeping , this could be the cure you 've been looking for .
 You always know you are in trouble with a movie when the best lines are all in the commercial . I like Sarah Jessica Parker and despite the bad press and the back alley uplifting from Hugh Grant , I actually enjoy him as well . I think the movie started out with an overused premise and the backdrop clich&eacute; of a fish out of water . It is n't a bad foundation and I am sure we will see many more movies with this as a building block , but this one fell far short , lacking any form of sincerity.Paul Morgan , -LRB- Hugh Grant -RRB- and Meryl Morgan -LRB- Sarah Jessica Parker -RRB- are two New York City dwellers and they are having marital problems . Do all marriages in New York City have problems ? They are out to dinner and are discussing their issues when they decide to go on a walk . Inadvertently they see a murder and are shipped off to Wyoming in the witness protection plan . None of these movies ever want you to participate in a witness protection plan . They all seem to fail.There are a few funny lines in the movie . I actually did laugh a couple of times . Most of the movie is awkward and superficial . It seems like you are watching a bunch of people who actually do not believe they are really the characters they are playing . It seems like everyone is simply going through the motions to collect a paycheck . Hugh Grant plays the same character he has played close to twenty times now and he seems more tired and aloof than he does interesting and cute . Whatever happened to that guy from Four Weddings and a Funeral?I ca n't say that you absolutely should n't watch the movie but I can say that if you gave me a list of 100 movies it would probably be in the bottom 10 . I honestly do not know much about Elisabeth Moss but she was the highlight . She was interesting and captivating in the few scenes she participated in , stealing my interest away from the highly overpaid stars . I like a romantic comedy as much as the next guy but this movie was missing a couple of key ingredients . Romance and comedy.Again , I have seen fare worse but as far as entertainment purposes there are so many other things I would prefer doing besides admitting to seeing this movie . The one glaring positive is the movie does make me want to watch another movie very quickly . Just to wash this one from my memory . It held some potential but fell far short of being worthwhile .
 Length :
 I expect better from writer/director Marc Lawrence . The creative genius behind theMiss Congenialityfranchise , Lawrence has a deft touch for rom-coms with goofy , offbeat heros and heroines . Of course , with Miss Congeniality and the equally winningTwo Weeks Notice -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- -LRB- Snap Case -RRB- , he had a little weapon called Sandra Bullock on his side . But Two Weeks ' Notice -LRB- yes , there should be an apostrophe in there , thank you -RRB- also featured a very good Hugh Grant . Lawrence and Grant continued their partnership on the sneaky-goodMusic and Lyrics -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- . Not only was that a winning comedy , it also served as a great primer on the creative process . Moreover , it featured a pitch-perfect Easter Egg
 `` The Morgans '' was a dreadful and highly annoying film that never figured out what kind of movie it wanted to be or what tone it wanted to adopt . The plot of the estranged couple forced into hiding in an unfamiliar rural culture was done much better in the 1997 `` For Richer or Poorer '' -LRB- starring Tim Allen and Kirstie Allen -RRB- , an amusing and entertaining film perfect for that rainy Sunday afternoon . I barely got through my time spent with `` The Morgans , '' and my family members all fell asleep .
 This movie is so boring and pointless you would rather watch paint dry . I would write more but what 's the point just read the rest of the bad reviews and you will get my message .
 I thought the movie was somewhat humorous but I really HATED the ending . In a lot of movies that have adoption in them I see adoption is just not good enough for these movie directors/writers . Why did she have to have `` her own '' baby . -LRB- esp . after it is mentioned she had all those fertility drugs that failed ... -RRB- I adopted my baby and it is enough for me . I 've been throuh fertility treatments too that didnt work . I really hate the undertones to the whole thing . Why ca n't adoption be a good enough ending . I was so happy to see that they chose to put adoption in the movie but they ruined it with what they assume is the happier ending with her getting pregnant . The whole thing bothers me a lot . It is a disservice to aodption . It may sound crazy but I know how people are influenced by movies . Infact as an adoptive mother I 've heard the phrase `` just adopt and you 'll get pregnant '' enough times I ca n't even count . Well guess what , I dont even care to get pregnant because my child is MY OWN CHILD and adoption stands on its own as its own miracle and blessing . I know it is silly that it bothered me but in my opinion it ruined the whole movie . I hate that he cheated on her and then she cheated on him . It was stupid . I appreciate the fact , however , that they cast an average looking woman to lead . I may not be the best person to ask but I just wish that the ending would 've been different . Sometimes -LRB- especially if you 've had many failed IVF 's -RRB- adoption is the only way you can have a child and that IS GOOD ENOUGH !
 Ok lets start off by saying I love SYFY but only if the acting is good , and OMG my nephews act better than these people -LRB- note i did n't call them actors -RRB- . The budget on this film was ok , its the acting that I could n't get past the first 15min . DONT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY
 This movie is terrible . A big hint is the overly long monologue at the start , which I found hard to follow . The acting is terrible , so bad that I thought that I , with not 1 minute of acting experience , could have done a better job . The action and plot is so stupid , I could not even watch it all the way through . Avoid this , it is definitely not worth the rental price .
 OMG ! I just hope and pray that i never see another lame production like this again . They could have actually donated the production funds for this movie to the homeless !
 I think there may be some value here . I did n't watch it to the end because of the strength of the tension in the show ... . not for me .
 Do n't believe the 5 star ratings here folks . This movie is bad . I 'd say it may be one step above those straight to video releases you used to see in the 90 's . In other words , production values are a little higher here , but the acting is majorly bad . Extremely amatuer . The sasquatch moves like a human and not very sasquatch like at all . He moves like he drank too much Red Bull . At least Bigfoot movies from years ago that were bad , tried to have a story that kept your interest . This is nothing but high octane junk that spouts out every cliche in the book . You 've seen it all before , trust me . Yawn ! TC
 Well , let me first start off by saying that this movie could have been alot better if the company would have shelled out more money for better actors . The story in itself was okay , but the acting by EVERYONE IN THE MOVIE , WAS 100 % HORRIFIC ! I do n't know where they picked these guys up from , but I could find better actors on the street . Upon reading some reviews of others on Youtube and Amazon , I see that the movie also starred a couple of youtube video reviewers by the name of MJ Kelly , and Shawn Phillips . Okay , well that pretty much says it all . What normal person cast youtube personalities to star in a film ? These 2 guys tried their best , which is all good and well ... but you can see that they have no originality to their style . MJ Kelly has an acting style of Andy Dick and Shawn Philips , tries really hard to imitate Chris Farley . They gave it a shot , but I really dont forsee any actors in this movie , having any career . Just my opinion
 Worst movie ive ever seen . The acting was so bad it makes u actually hate life for a bit its SOOOOO BAD !! HORRIBLE JOB GUYS . PLEASE DONT MAKE ANYMKRE MOVIES !
 Cult film fans will no doubt understand the `` assault '' aspect of the title shortly into the film as this movie is basically Assault on Precinct 13 with a sasquatch . This means a small band of criminals , cops and civilians are trapped inside a police station while a rampaging sasquatch keeps them from escaping . Sounds good in theory , but it really is n't . Very home movie type look which makes it look quite dark at some points . Also there is a pointless and unfunny side plot with two film nerds who see the sasquatch and spend the remainder of the film tracking the sasquatch in hopes of catching it again on camera . Seems like every horror film is required to have some `` cinema verite '' moment -LRB- s -RRB- , and here it 's the two film nerds interviewing people on the street , asking them if they 've seen the sasquatch . One of the nerds is an obnoxious and extremely unfunny cliched obese goofball who is in constant hysterics.There 's a tad bit of gore throughout , but nothing special . The sasquatch is a huge letdown , it looks like Rob Zombie in a gorilla suit.One horrendous scene has a woman going into hand to hand combat with the sasquatch , and it 's done in that speed up/slow down/whoosh-whooosh style that was tacky when The Matrix did it , yet Hollywood film makers insist on using it for every action movie anymore . Now , as bad as it looks in a larger budget movie , just imagine how this technique looks on a microbudgeted movie . I 'm sure it was done for humor , but that really does n't matter because it 's not funny.Hopefully we wo n't be seeing Big Sasquatch In Little China any time soon .
 Wow ! What a turd ! I LOVE cheesy Bigfoot films , but this one was painfully terrible . A group of community players or the drama club from a local junior college could have given better performances , and the Bigfoot costume looked like a cheap gorilla suit -LRB- although they get props for the Sasquatch 's face , which was pretty darn good -RRB- . Oh , they also get props for trying to go with an original plot -- usually Bigfoot films are pretty much a pissed off Sasquatch tramping around in the woods . Moving it to an urban setting at least showed that the writers tried to come up with something original . Too bad that -LRB- and the cool monster face makeup -RRB- was n't enough to save this terrible thing.The worst part of this movie was the pair of idiots who stumble around looking for the Sasquatch . The fat screaming one was especially annoying and after about ten minutes I wanted to kill him , myself!Avoid this one at all costs , unless you are into self-abuse and want to waste an hour and a half of your life .
 THis movie wasnt bad coustume didnt look real but i actually liked the movie ... U should before buying not worth the price
 Amateurish at best . The fat chubby guy seems to try to hard , kills the movie . shawn phillips is his name i believe horrible actor . he killed this movie . his loudness hurt my ears had to fast forward his parts cuz his voice gave me a headache .
 The movie itself is horrible . That 's just my opinion . I honestly just bought it bc my boyfriend worked on it through synthetic cinema .
 Justin Long plus an indie film should equal a great movie but Taking Chances falls flat . The majority of the movie is predictable . The story line is under developed . The suspense was nonexistent . The ending is unsatisfying . It did have some laughable moments so it was n't all a waste.Chase Revere -LRB- Justin Long -RRB- loves the history of the little town he where he resides . The residents of the town are at their wits end trying to keep the town afloat . When the town gets the answer to their prayers in the form of an Indian casino , Chase desperately seeks to stop the destruction of the towns historic battle site . Chase turns to his best friend and the new girl -LRB- cue romance music -RRB- in town to aide Chase in his quest to save the town .
 Watching this movie was painful . Here we are watching a movie with good actors -LRB- Long and Chriqui are very much under appreciated -RRB- and a very good premise that could have been a wonderful story . Many of the plot elements - if smoothly assembled with good dialogue - would have worked very well . I have to wonder if this movie was not a victim of the writer 's strike . Because it was painfully obvious that the good ideas were badly executed . It was like Gallipoli - a great idea ruined in execution . There are flashes - moment s when you get to see how good this could have been , but only the whole the movie was done like patchwork sloppily put together . It also seemed like the writers and director could never make their mind up as to what kind of movie they were making
 The movie started out really well and I thought it was funny and interesting for the first hour or so . Then it just took a set of turns and spins that made the movie rather irrelevant.SPOILER WARNING *** His fight against what was coming was totally ridiculous and plain stupid . Justin Long 's character 's idea to `` save '' the town by thinking he could create a tourist attraction was discredited by himself at the end anyway . So the town was taken in by a bunch of con people , yeah so what ? They were doing what they thought would save their town , their town was going down the drain if they had done nothing . It would make it seem that the town council were the only people hurt by the greed shown . That entire town died but of course we drive away with the main character and are n't there to see that part.There was no romantic or anything of real value to learn from their relationship either . It leaves it with her having a piece of paper that directs her to where her father might be . Oookay , again so what?Too many loose ends and the moral of the story is ??? The funny stuff at the end was ??? Exactly .
 This is not a romantic comedy as advertised . Even so , it never made me laugh for even a second . The only reason that made me watch this movie is due to the 4.5 stars rating . Now , I know that I really can not rely very much on movie reviews . Anyway , every individual has his own taste . Its not romantic nor it is a comedy .
 Poor acting , scenery , and a plodding plot ! Not much to commend this movie apart from seeing early roles for some actors and end of career roles for others . The leading lady is attractive and the script demonstrates sufficient content for a decent horror film , but the movie misses the mark on too many levels to be considered good entertainment .
 THE FOUR SKULLS OF JONATHAN DRAKE -LRB- 1959 -RRB- -- Eduard Franz , Valerie French , Henry Daniell , Grant Richards , Paul Cavanaugh , Paul Wexler , Howard Wendell , Lumsden Hare.Another `` horror film '' that is so bad , it 's fun to watch . Eduard Franz plays Jonathan Drake . Valerie French is his daughter . Henry Daniell plays a sinister character known as , `` Dr. Zurich '' -LRB- supposedly from -- you guessed it -- Switzerland -RRB- . We learn that over a hundred years ago , a ship captain named Drake sailed up the Amazon River into the territory of the Zivarro -LRB- Sp . ? -RRB- Indians , who practiced the art of shrinking heads . The Indians kidnapped and killed/decapitated one of Drake 's crewmen . In retaliation , Drake killed and decapitated every male -LRB- man and boy -RRB- of the tribe -- the only one who escaped was a Zivarro witch doctor . He placed a curse on the males of the Drake line unto the fourth generation . Since that time , Captain Drake and his son had both died suspiciously , been decapitated , and their skulls had subsequently mysteriously been placed in the locked family vault . This phenomenon seems to occur when the Drake males are around age 60 -LRB- the significance of which is never explained -RRB- . Jonathan fears that his brother -LRB- Cavanaugh -RRB- is about to become the next victim of the curse , since he is about to turn 60 . Franz goes to his brother 's home , which seems to be located in some sort of remote , `` jungle-like '' area , in order to prevent him from falling prey to the curse . Alas , he arrives too late -- `` Bubba '' has already been killed by a Zivarro Indian who happens to hang out with Dr. Zurich . When his coffin is opened at the funeral , his head is missing . Cut to Dr. Zurich shrinking the head in his `` laboratory '' . Sure enough , despite being securely locked , the skull turns up in the family vault , next to the other two . We learn that Dr. Zurich is , in actuality , the witch doctor who did not , as it turns out , escape being killed/decapitated by Captain Drake over a hundred years ago . The surviving Zivarro women sewed the head of the dead sailor onto the body of the witch doctor and brought him back to life through the use of some sort of potion made up of curare and other botanicals . The only way Zurich can , `` find peace '' , is by carrying out the curse . Since Jonny-Boy is the fourth Drake left alive , Zurich has to kill him , decapitate him , shrink his head , and place the skull in the family vault . His plans are foiled by a police detective who had been called in when it was discovered that Jonathan 's brother did not die a natural death , but was murdered . Zurich 's Indian accomplice is killed , and he is shot , apparently fatally . However , Jonathan tells the detective that the only way he can truly be killed is to cut off his head , which he proceeds to do . Thus the curse is broken and Jonathan gets to keep his head ! As I said , this film is so ridiculously dreadful , and so full of gaping `` plot-holes '' , that it is actually quite funny . Recommended for those nights when you really have nothing better to do and would like a good laugh !!!
 I watched this movie because Boris Karloff is in it but it is a really bad movie . The scrip & the actors .
 Sinister Cinema Is A Big Rip Off Quick Buck Artist . .12 Minutes Missing From This Version , And Jump Cuts Galore . . Unwatchable . . BOYCOTT This Crappy Company . . !
 I am a huge hockey fan , but found the video to be mildly entertaining . Dont expect it to be like Hoop Dreams or FRiday Night Lights .
 There is a great film to be made on this topic . Unfortunatley , this one is disappointing . I found that the movie does not capture the excitement , crazy humor and bonding between players , coaches and families that occurs in youth hockey . Hopefully , someone will try again !
 Would n't recommend buying it . If you are dying to see it , try to rent or borrow it from someone .
 The movie was quality was very poor and grainy it looked and came across as very second rate.I was very dissapointed in the quality - it was so poor I do n't think I 'll lend it to anyone , even though I thought the movie was cute.Sorry - thumbs down !
 My husband and I both enjoy many different kinds of comedy films , and neither of us enjoyed this boring mess . While the characters were colorful and fun , after a while it seemed that they were just shifted from one goofy situation to another without much linking them.William Hurt is the chef-owner of an unsuccessful restaurant when his friend Phonse comes up with a way to bring tourists to the area -- pretend a rare bird has been sighted . Hurt 's performance is good but he has too many ludicrous lines to speak , and the movie never really goes anywhere . We were both very bored watching . My husband eventually read a book , and I only finished so I could write this review in good conscience.Obviously a lot of people really liked this film , so do n't take my word for it , but be aware that you may find it really dull.Minimal special features
 One of my favorite songs from the fifties , DO N'T YOU KNOW , by the wonderful Della Reese is the highlight of this disappointing film . Like THE LITTLE ENGINE THAT COULD , RARE BIRDS could have been a refreshing film . It has a wonderful look , set in the rural area of Nova Scotia , and an appealing premise and cast . Unfortunately , it never really seems to go anywhere and it never really comes to an end . William Hurt plays a down on his luck restaurant owner who is separated from his wife , and who may have to sell his establishment since no one patronizes it . Andy Jones plays his imaginative friend , Alphonse , who has invented an RSV - RECREATIONAL SUBMARINE VEHICLE , and he is sure that the Winnebago people are spying on him and wanting to take his invention . He 's also found an immense amount of cocaine , which he asks Hurt to try and price for him . Jones has also devised a non-electrical source of light which plays an important role in the movie 's finale . Jones also offers Hurt a solution to his problem
 Before every episode of that sci-fi classic television series X-Files there would be a promotional teaser that would claim , `` All of your questions will be answered ... '' While you would watch the show , hoping that Mulder and Scully would finally find the answers to life , ultimately by the end , there would be more questions with very very few answers . It was the X-Files and over time we found ourselves used to no questions answered , and continued randomness coupled with confusion . Rare Birds seemed to be directed by an obvious X-Files fan , because here you have a film that is being marketed as the next Saving Grace or Waking Ned Devine , but oddly ends up like neither of these films and more like an unanswered episode of that alien miniseries . There are so many unanswered questions with implausible moments in Rare Birds that instead of focusing on the possible great and unique characters , our minds get muddled in the tangent , random , and completely unfocused story . Rare Birds could have been a comfortable film , it could have been easy , simple , and relaxed , but too many unfamiliar coincidences caused this `` independent '' film to flap poorly in the wind . Rare Birds will transform any avid bird enthusiast into a full-fledged hunter , shooting any bird that step within their path!What makes Rare Birds an interesting film -LRB- and keep in mind this is the only interesting part of the film -RRB- is that as you watch this film , you can pinpoint exactly where the muddling begins . There is an exact moment in this film where you can see that the director wanted to add so many different elements that they could not control them all . From the tangent cocaine story -LRB- causing unfocused elements in characters that are not developed -RRB- , to the scientifically profound lights , to the recreational submarine , all the way to the supposed central focus of this film ... the rare bird . One would think that the rare bird story , hoping to build a sorrowed character 's life to be better , would be the central moment , the breaking moment , but instead the rare bird story is just as unfocused as the rest of the film . Early in the film Hurt and Jones go into Jones ' basement and all of these stories collide together . Sadly , when we leave the basement , nothing has been straightened out . This is when our story , Rare Birds , begins to burn and into a slowly crashing direction . It is obvious that Edward Riche 's novel has quite a bit more about the characters and their inner-voice explaining better situations . Alas , this did not transform well into a film version . Director Gunnarsson has way too much on the plate , and as we see in other films in the same vein , there becomes a fuzzy central focus . The rare bird story should have been the focus , but instead we attempt to learn about cocaine -LRB- and Dave 's apparent addiction -RRB- , the `` Winnebago '' group , and some random science light issue that is never fully explained thoroughly . Rare Birds starts strong , but ultimately fails because of the classic `` buffet-line '' issue . Gunnarsson should have followed the rules , `` Take all you want , but eat all you take '' ! Occasionally with films that are as painful as Rare Birds , you sometimes get a great cast that overshadows the failing story . Hurt is awful . I have seen him in so many good films over the years , but this seemed to be too simple of a role for him . Was he doing it for just the cash or was he overplaying the simpleton character ? I could n't tell . Hurt seemed to play Dave with so much remorse , so much pain , that you never could understand what his true story was . His reaction to his wife was flimsy , the story between him and Molly Parker was subsequently as weak , and his reactions to Jones were uncharismatic . He felt bored in this film , and instead of being funny , he just felt sad . His character was nothing to write home about , and I blame Hurt because I know he could have pushed deeper and had fun with Dave overall creating an enjoyable hour and a half . This did not happen , and we were pained for that exact amount of time . The same can be said for Molly Parker who danced her way out of our hearts and Andy Jones who played his character to discretely . There was too much counterbalance between Hurt and Jones that they could not play off each other well . What could have been a decent buddy scenario like Waking Ned Devine turned out to be just two characters talking about incoherent nothing . The story matched the characters , overall souring this film.Overall , Rare Birds was a horrible film . It had the potential to be just a simple , sweet story about friends helping each other , but instead too much was thrown into the mix to muddle the overall tone of the story . With the synopsis centering around some rare birds helping a friend gain new business , I went into the film expecting a buddy story centered with this rare bird story . Alas , it never really congealed that way . That is the biggest gripe of this film . I do n't mind getting into a film and experiencing something different , but this was a completely tangent storyline . Nothing was ever developed , nothing was ever answered . I really did n't want an answer by the end of the film , but at the end I felt cheated and wronged . Even the supposed `` love story '' did n't seem real , but instead very forced . Pass on Rare Birds if you can . It has nothing to do with friendship and very little to do with birds.Grade
 I expected more from this video . It was more like a home movie . I did not finish watching it . Sorry , but it is not on my top-ten list ...
 I do n't see anything new in this film , honestly . It 's a little less than what I expected , and it 's very cliche . I do n't understand why people think because a film is indie , it has lower standards ... or that the indie viewer has lower standards.As usual , you can tell that this film is full of amusing one-liners and inside jokes that the cast and crew may be aware of , but as the viewer , do n't waste my time . If you `` had to be there '' to understand it , then save it for your home movies ! I personally am insulted . This was a hack film .
 Well it started off like all the rest -LRB- and I mean that -RRB- and then it got into some really bad stuff , I usually like spoofs but this one is just plain bad ! Tom Arnold is in this movie and he 's not that exciting . sorry about the yuckie review but it 's the truth . .
 this is a Cool Parity type of film.it is n't a film you are gon na want to watch alot but it has a Alright early to Mid-80 's Teen Comedy feel.it has some ok moments .
 First of all , my reviiew title is a pun of this awful , boring and terribly unfunny spoof of teen slasher flicks . `` Shriek if You Know What I Did Last Friday the 13th '' is a cheap knock-off of `` Scary Movie , '' and unlike that film `` Shriek '' fails big time in capturing the zaniness and hysterical gags that film did when it opened in the summer of 2000 . Starring a cast of unknown , young actors who were probably philosophy majors while in college , `` Shriek '' only has five stars that audiences might recognize
 When you attempted to do a spoof of a spoof , you are signing your own death warrant.Shriek If You Know What I did Last Friday the 13th is spoof ofScary movie which is a Spoof of Scream and I Know What You did Last Summer.The only thing i found close to being funny were the silly pop ups toward the end of the movie , other then that the writers for this film obliviously did n't have the talent for writing comedy , they probably use the jokes that the Wayne 's Brothers rejected . The dialog is rotten , and the stupidity of the some of the other characters is no where near humor level in Scary Movie.Stick with Scary , avoid this movie like the plague unless you are a film student or a film maker looking for examples of bad movies .
 I hear alot of people saying that this movie is one of those movies like scary movie . That however is a complete load of crap . There is about 5 -LRB- if that -RRB- funny parts in this whole movie . I have no clue why this movie would be rated R . It shows very little blood/gore and does n't swear at all . If , for some reason , you find this movie amusing or funny , I recommend `` Terror Toons '' . It is another one of those `` so stupid its funny '' movies . But this movie is just plainly stupid . This movie is not worth most people 's time or money .
 this doesnt even come close to being a scary movie . it has all the elements of all the scary slasher pics from the past years and its basically a Scary Movie spoof . this load stars Tom Arnold -LRB- The Best Damned Sports Show , Austin Powers -RRB- , Tiffany Amber Thiessen -LRB- Saved By The Bell , From Dusck Till Dawn 2 -RRB- , Majandra Delfino -LRB- RSVP , Tv 's Roswell -RRB- , Danny Strong -LRB- Tv 's Buffy The Vampire Slayer , Pleasantville -RRB- , Coolio -LRB- Batman and Robin , Phat Beach -RRB- , Julie Benz -LRB- Tv 's Angel , Tvs Buffy The Vampire Slayer -RRB- and many others . this dragged on forever and it was not funny . If you like this there is something wrong with you and you need to seek some psychiatric evalutions or something . Go see a shrink .
 Is this supposed to be a comedy or a peice of crap?This film does not make me laugh one bit , plus the fact that it is just boring and a rip off of scary movie -LRB- even though that technically rips off scream but it 's meant to -RRB- the only reason this film was made was because some person got jealous of scary movie and decided to compete and make their own version of it that turned out to be a piece of s *** . This film is NOT WORTH WATCHING one bit , if you ever do get the cance to watch it , you will either die of bordom or just have the sense to switch it off after about 5 minutes of watching it ...
 This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I paid 4 dollars for a used copy , and I think I overpaid by about 10 dollars . I feel that the makers of this movie owe me 6 dollars for wasting my time . I will never get those two hours I spent watching this movie back . The acting was terrible , the effects were terrible , the movie was terrible . I usually like stupid teen movies , but this one was too much even for me . It was a waste of time and money . DO NOT buy this movie ; if you do , believe me , you will be angry with yourself not only for wasting your time and money , but also for not listening to this review .
 It 's not a scarymovie , this comedy still sucks . It 's not really even funny , the Comedy is a zero ... and the characters are crappy ones ... the one who do n't know how to act . And even when the killer tries to be funny , he 's dumb ... Take this from a ten year old , this movie is a stupid comedy of a scarymovie ...
 If you enjoyed Scary Movie then you might like this one as well . But unlike Scary Movie where I thought much of it was funny , this one has only a few moments to laugh at . The Pop Up video part of the film was pretty good , but overall I sat through this one just like it was something on cable .
 i wonder if this is a rip off of a rip off well , it is and its pretty bad to beat and not funny at all
 Scream was good , scream 2 was better , scream 3 was very bad , scary movie was hillarious and a great parody , scary movie 2 was a disaster but it seems movie makers lack any creativity . This is another scream parody , LIKE scary movie , but not an part 2 or 3 , yet it tells the same story , and is much the same movie as scary movie but much worse . GO SEE SCARY MOVIE
 I watched this flick on USA because it sounded reminiscent of the much funnier `` Student Bodies '' . Not quite . It was boring , stupid and I did not like the teen-age characters.Tom Arnold was a bore too . Fans of true slasher films will be disgusted . The `` Scream '' take-off was overdone too . I thought `` Scary Movie '' already covered this area .
 Man , what a rip off ! They basically steal the original working title for `` Scary Movie '' , which was originally going to be `` Scream if you know what I did last summer '' -- this whole movie is a ripoff -- `` Oh , let 's re-hash parodies of popular horror flicks , much like that other movie , what 's that called again ? Scary Movie ? Only we 're not going to be as funny this time around ! `` This is just a lame TV version of Scary Movie meant to catch up on all the hype its better created -- a wannabe filled with has-been stars -LRB- Coolio ? What the heck 's up with that ? I thought he was dead ... -RRB-
 Now for starters I 'm a HUGE fan of Scary Movie I but this film was stupid , I bought this movie for 10.00 bucks and what did I get ? A Comedy with no real focuse , yes alot of the jokes were funny but none of the fist hafe of the movie has anything to do with the killer ! It 's like when the killer attacks the bimbo in the girls Bathroom , instead of killing her in a silly `` Scary Movie '' fason , the bimbo makes a menstos the freshmaker like escape ! Increadable ! And the amount of times the killer just comes alone in the back ground and just takes a girl off scree is just dumb . After 45 minuets of this movie I could n't take it anymore and just turned it off and called Blockbuster to see if I could take it back . They said no . When the phone hung up I started crying wailing and shuting oh my god over and over againbecause I lost ten dollars ! The main problem is that this movie could have been a real winner in the `` Scary Movie '' department just this time spoofing I know Qhat you did Last Summer with the Scream guy . But wherever there is comedy that can be Like Scary Movie the film stumbles . In other words while alot of the jokes are funny , the film is so unfocesed on what it wants to be a spoof of that it forgets that it 's suppose to be spoofing horror movies , so you do n't really care ...
 Packaging
 Been lobotomised ?? Have an IQ less than 50 ?? Then perhaps this film will make you laugh -LRB- probably just the once -RRB- In 25 years of watching movies , never have i come across such an embarrassingly bad film as this , seriously , there are no redeeming qualities at all.You pays your money etc etc
 There is debate over who ripped off whom and which film was shot first , the battle between SCARY MOVIE and SHRIEK IF YOU KNOW WHAT I DID LAST SATURDAY THE 13TH . I 'm not sure which one came out first -LRB- sources tell me it was SHRIEK -RRB- but I do know which one had a better success at making me laugh
 one of the characters says in the movie , `` This is so lame , let 's leave '' . Should be a clue to anyone who stuck around that long in the theater that it 's time to ditch the movie . The jokes and dialog are half rate and so obvious that originality of any kind flew out the window . I suppose that if I were 13 , I 'd get some sort of kick out of it , but these days , I wait for a movie like this one to make it to DVD and rent one and get this one free for five nights . Thank goodness I did n't pay to rent this or I 'd be tempted , for the first time to ask for my money back , LOL .
 I bought this move on DVD after reading the reviews on here - it 's so difficult to say in a few paragraphs what makes this such a poor movie - certainly no where near as good as the two Scary Movies - this movie was poorly acted / fragmented story / NOT FUNNY at all / tedious ... Even the character updates at the end of the credits made no sense and were not funny - AVOID this one if you have a sense of humour !
 when I ordered this film I knew it would n't worth however i was curious.The jokes are exagerrated in a silly way and the actors are horrible.There is no nudity if you want some and nothing funny.This film can only be a Tv film . . nothing more . . I do not advise you to spend your money on this movie . . It was a low class movie and I did not understand why tiffany amber played in this lousy film !!
 I can not believe that anybody could find this funny . Just throwing in a reference to every movie ever made is n't funny , you actually have to do something with it . They have even managed to make Tom Arnold unfunny -LRB- not easy -RRB- . I am not a snob and I love stupid films such as TOP SECRET , NAKED GUN , THEY CALL ME BRUCE and the film that this could n't even hope to get close to , STUDENT BODIES . If you want a spoof of horror films see that , not this -LRB- do n't even think about it -RRB- . PS , the guy who plays the part of Dawson is possibly the worst actor I have ever seen .
 who can enjoy a movie like this , at first i was tired when i watched it , a few months later one of my friends had rented it and called me over , i gave the movie a second chance , it is the worst comedy i have seen in my life , there is nothing funny about this movie , it just bores everyone to death , if i had seen this in the theatre , i would have just walked out , this movie is not worth the disc it is recorded on , if i had actually bought this title , i would be too humiliated to take it back and ask for a refund , it is such a crap movie and does not even deserve to have any copies of it made , after all it 's only wasting good discs.Another thing , it has a stupid intro and is too similar to scary movie 's -LRB- wich is a good film -RRB- and this film makes me feel that i 'd be better wathing static for the rest of my life .
 The movie was quality was very poor and grainy it looked and came across as very second rate.I was very dissapointed in the quality - it was so poor I do n't think I 'll lend it to anyone , even though I thought the movie was cute.Sorry - thumbs down !
 My husband and I both enjoy many different kinds of comedy films , and neither of us enjoyed this boring mess . While the characters were colorful and fun , after a while it seemed that they were just shifted from one goofy situation to another without much linking them.William Hurt is the chef-owner of an unsuccessful restaurant when his friend Phonse comes up with a way to bring tourists to the area -- pretend a rare bird has been sighted . Hurt 's performance is good but he has too many ludicrous lines to speak , and the movie never really goes anywhere . We were both very bored watching . My husband eventually read a book , and I only finished so I could write this review in good conscience.Obviously a lot of people really liked this film , so do n't take my word for it , but be aware that you may find it really dull.Minimal special features
 One of my favorite songs from the fifties , DO N'T YOU KNOW , by the wonderful Della Reese is the highlight of this disappointing film . Like THE LITTLE ENGINE THAT COULD , RARE BIRDS could have been a refreshing film . It has a wonderful look , set in the rural area of Nova Scotia , and an appealing premise and cast . Unfortunately , it never really seems to go anywhere and it never really comes to an end . William Hurt plays a down on his luck restaurant owner who is separated from his wife , and who may have to sell his establishment since no one patronizes it . Andy Jones plays his imaginative friend , Alphonse , who has invented an RSV - RECREATIONAL SUBMARINE VEHICLE , and he is sure that the Winnebago people are spying on him and wanting to take his invention . He 's also found an immense amount of cocaine , which he asks Hurt to try and price for him . Jones has also devised a non-electrical source of light which plays an important role in the movie 's finale . Jones also offers Hurt a solution to his problem
 Before every episode of that sci-fi classic television series X-Files there would be a promotional teaser that would claim , `` All of your questions will be answered ... '' While you would watch the show , hoping that Mulder and Scully would finally find the answers to life , ultimately by the end , there would be more questions with very very few answers . It was the X-Files and over time we found ourselves used to no questions answered , and continued randomness coupled with confusion . Rare Birds seemed to be directed by an obvious X-Files fan , because here you have a film that is being marketed as the next Saving Grace or Waking Ned Devine , but oddly ends up like neither of these films and more like an unanswered episode of that alien miniseries . There are so many unanswered questions with implausible moments in Rare Birds that instead of focusing on the possible great and unique characters , our minds get muddled in the tangent , random , and completely unfocused story . Rare Birds could have been a comfortable film , it could have been easy , simple , and relaxed , but too many unfamiliar coincidences caused this `` independent '' film to flap poorly in the wind . Rare Birds will transform any avid bird enthusiast into a full-fledged hunter , shooting any bird that step within their path!What makes Rare Birds an interesting film -LRB- and keep in mind this is the only interesting part of the film -RRB- is that as you watch this film , you can pinpoint exactly where the muddling begins . There is an exact moment in this film where you can see that the director wanted to add so many different elements that they could not control them all . From the tangent cocaine story -LRB- causing unfocused elements in characters that are not developed -RRB- , to the scientifically profound lights , to the recreational submarine , all the way to the supposed central focus of this film ... the rare bird . One would think that the rare bird story , hoping to build a sorrowed character 's life to be better , would be the central moment , the breaking moment , but instead the rare bird story is just as unfocused as the rest of the film . Early in the film Hurt and Jones go into Jones ' basement and all of these stories collide together . Sadly , when we leave the basement , nothing has been straightened out . This is when our story , Rare Birds , begins to burn and into a slowly crashing direction . It is obvious that Edward Riche 's novel has quite a bit more about the characters and their inner-voice explaining better situations . Alas , this did not transform well into a film version . Director Gunnarsson has way too much on the plate , and as we see in other films in the same vein , there becomes a fuzzy central focus . The rare bird story should have been the focus , but instead we attempt to learn about cocaine -LRB- and Dave 's apparent addiction -RRB- , the `` Winnebago '' group , and some random science light issue that is never fully explained thoroughly . Rare Birds starts strong , but ultimately fails because of the classic `` buffet-line '' issue . Gunnarsson should have followed the rules , `` Take all you want , but eat all you take '' ! Occasionally with films that are as painful as Rare Birds , you sometimes get a great cast that overshadows the failing story . Hurt is awful . I have seen him in so many good films over the years , but this seemed to be too simple of a role for him . Was he doing it for just the cash or was he overplaying the simpleton character ? I could n't tell . Hurt seemed to play Dave with so much remorse , so much pain , that you never could understand what his true story was . His reaction to his wife was flimsy , the story between him and Molly Parker was subsequently as weak , and his reactions to Jones were uncharismatic . He felt bored in this film , and instead of being funny , he just felt sad . His character was nothing to write home about , and I blame Hurt because I know he could have pushed deeper and had fun with Dave overall creating an enjoyable hour and a half . This did not happen , and we were pained for that exact amount of time . The same can be said for Molly Parker who danced her way out of our hearts and Andy Jones who played his character to discretely . There was too much counterbalance between Hurt and Jones that they could not play off each other well . What could have been a decent buddy scenario like Waking Ned Devine turned out to be just two characters talking about incoherent nothing . The story matched the characters , overall souring this film.Overall , Rare Birds was a horrible film . It had the potential to be just a simple , sweet story about friends helping each other , but instead too much was thrown into the mix to muddle the overall tone of the story . With the synopsis centering around some rare birds helping a friend gain new business , I went into the film expecting a buddy story centered with this rare bird story . Alas , it never really congealed that way . That is the biggest gripe of this film . I do n't mind getting into a film and experiencing something different , but this was a completely tangent storyline . Nothing was ever developed , nothing was ever answered . I really did n't want an answer by the end of the film , but at the end I felt cheated and wronged . Even the supposed `` love story '' did n't seem real , but instead very forced . Pass on Rare Birds if you can . It has nothing to do with friendship and very little to do with birds.Grade
 To start off , I 've never been a fan of the Child 's Play films anyways . But besides the point , I saw this film a few days ago - what the heck is this ????? When did Child 's Play become a comedy ? There is nothing scary at all in this film anymore . Back when Chucky was out hunting for Andy - it was scary , now it is just a waste . Sure , I laughed a lot , but is that what this film was meant for?Another point - After Chucky and Tiffany did `` their thing '' -LRB- how is that possible for plastic dolls ??? -RRB- , how could the Tiffany doll produce a baby in less that a day ??? STRANGE.The acting wreaked - -LRB- the human people -RRB- , and even the visual effects sucked . From Chucky crawling on the sidewalk , to Jennifer Tilly getting electricuted in the bathtub - it was all bad.The only stars for this film go to how stupidly funny it was , and Chucky 's voice . `` Hi , I 'm Chucky ... I would n't see this if I were you . ''
 When I started watching `` Bride of Chucky '' I was expecting it to be a great horror movie like the rest of the `` Child 's Play '' series . I was disappointed after I saw it because I thought it was more of a comedy movie than it was a horror movie . It was n't scary at all , in fact it was more silly than it was scary . I like comedy movies , but not when it comes to great series of horror flicks like `` Child 's Play . `` In my opinion , they ruined the classic `` Child 's Play '' horror movies when they made this movie . `` Bride of Chucky '' is an alright movie , it 's just not what I was expecting it to be after seeing all the other movies of the series . If you want to see a `` Child 's Play '' movie that 's not anything like the others in the series , you might like this movie .
 I was so surprised when I saw `` Bride of Chucky '' . It was n't nearly as bad as I thought it would be . Lucky me.Highlight - the credits.don ' t you love it when its better than you thought ?
 this movie is really scary for little kids like 8 years old i think it should be rated R !!
 It is to disgusting for little kids . If my son ever watched that stupid movie I would cut it into pieces . I hate that chucky he kills to many people and his bride is a very discusting woman my wife never acts like and never did so you can take this movie and cram is up your @ & *
 After seeing this movie for the first time , and not viewing the previous Chucky film , I was amazed that this movie is classified as Horror . First of all , the movie has no meaning full story line , the two main characters , Jesse and Jade -LRB- not the dolls -RRB- are set out on a ` road trip ' with the Chucky doll , and his obsessed girlfriend who ` turned doll ' . The dolls rather cute , than scary and the film rather funny than horror , it is simple to say that this movie is not worth seeing if you are looking for something to spook yourself.It may become a classic horror tale one day , but as a 90 's film it has quite not enough what you may expect .
 This movie was n't scary at all and yes there were a few laughs here and there but overall this movie was not ment to be scary . There is lots of humor in this film unlike the previous CP films.Jennifer tilly is pretty average in this film , Chucky is the man . . I guess ? ... And this movie was n't all that funny either with a lame ass ending to now is SEED of CHUCKY.Over all this movie could have bin better but well ... Not ... I give this 2 out 5Then again I ca n't force you to not watch it but I 'm warning you ... this film is pretty ... well ... StupidLates
 I would agree with one of the reviewers that the movie is not so good because the love relationship . IT makes chucky loose his horror touch . Tily 's acting is not so convincing . IF you have to choose between this movie and another movie , pick the other one .
 The Childs play series is the second worst horror series ever written next to Scary Movie Series . In bride of Chuckey Tiffany charle lee rays girl get possed of the Chucky doll and puts him back together . Apparently she is Chuckys girls friend.It is called bride of Chucky because Tiffany buys a bride doll . Chucky kills her by shocving a TV into the bath tube eletricuting here . After kill her he transfer her sole into the bride doll.Together the team up and set out on a quest to retrive the heart of Bedla whihc they need to trasnfer there souls into human bodies.In the end Chucky and Tiffny kill each other and Tiffany gives birth to a baby then dies . The worst of the four child playin series . I here there planing on making a fifth one I crumba . Why do the make sequel to these bad movies . You see five sequels to Leprechaun but did you ever see a squel to Little Shop of Horrors remake the best musical ever made no . I will nevr understand how people like Chgild play , Leprechaun and nigmare one Elm which all of them suck except for the fourth one and Freddy Versus Jason
 To start off , I 've never been a fan of the Child 's Play films anyways . But besides the point , I saw this film a few days ago - what the heck is this ????? When did Child 's Play become a comedy ? There is nothing scary at all in this film anymore . Back when Chucky was out hunting for Andy - it was scary , now it is just a waste . Sure , I laughed a lot , but is that what this film was meant for?Another point - After Chucky and Tiffany did `` their thing '' -LRB- how is that possible for plastic dolls ??? -RRB- , how could the Tiffany doll produce a baby in less that a day ??? STRANGE.The acting wreaked - -LRB- the human people -RRB- , and even the visual effects sucked . From Chucky crawling on the sidewalk , to Jennifer Tilly getting electricuted in the bathtub - it was all bad.The only stars for this film go to how stupidly funny it was , and Chucky 's voice . `` Hi , I 'm Chucky ... I would n't see this if I were you . ''
 I watched this movie . I thought they lost track on the goal of the movie.they did n't stick to killing to people instead they tried killing each other.I thought the first 3 child 's play were better .
 After than I saw Child 's Play 3 , I was hoping than the fourth part , Bride of Chucky it will be another great Chucky movie . Looks like I was very wrong ! Chucky is n't the same anymore , he 's now a lover slave of Jennifer Tilly 's Barbie version . And that ending ... it 's for real ? If that is Child 's Play 4 , I ca n't wait to watch number 5 , Seed of Chucky , brrrrrrr ...
 I watched this for John Ritter , and while he did not disappoint I possibly wo n't watch it again unless I were making fun of it !
 Coming back with the reviews of The Childs Play franchise . You have the 1st movie a classic nothing wrong with it you have likeable characters , fast pace an idea of a killer doll that works . The 2nd movie was just a solid sequel Alex Vincent was good again you had a likeable teenage character the 3rd movie was a good sequel & I 'll never understand the hate it gets I liked Justin Whalin as Andy I liked The Military School setting it also wrapped everything up there was no opening left for a sequel . I know Don Mancini said part 3 is his least favorite but dude you went on to direct Seed Of Chucky have you drew any money outside of The Childs Play franchise . It makes me think what did he do for money in between 1991 to 1998 . Anyway Don Mancicni thought going in a more goofy direction would be a great idea . Made on a budget of $ 25 million made $ 50 million directed by Ronny Yu he 'd go on to direct Freddy vs Jason I 'd rather watch Freddy vs Jason than this movie . Stars Brad Dourif as the voice of Chucky , Jenifer Tilly as Tiffany Catherine Higel as Jade , Nick Stable as Jesse , John Ritter as Warren Kincaid , Alexis Arqutte as Damien & Gordon Michael Woovett as David . The story is you this lady named Tiffany who bribes a cop to get the doll remains from The Police Evidence Locker . I really do n't know what killed the cop . Tiffany takes the doll home & puts it back together I 'm sorry I do n't like the Leather Face look for Chucky . Then you are introduced to Damien some kind of hency for Tiffany I guess . Then you are introduced to our leads Jesse & Jade Jade 's Uncle who is The Cheif Of Police has his men follow her cause he 's strict on who his Niece dates . You know wht this feels like Scream . Childs Play does n't need to borrow any tricks from Scream . You have Tiffany try to perform voodoo to bring Chucky back & she 's reading Voodoo For Dummies which I guess is trying to be funny & it was n't funny to me the humor in this movie & the next movie is n't funny at all . So you have Tiffany hancuff Damien to the bed Chucky comes back to life takes a pillow sits on it suffocates Damien we find out that Chucky when he was human was Tiffany 's Boyfriend . Tiffany wants to get married Chucky basically refuses Tiffany gets mad throws Chucky in a Play Pen . She buys a girl doll & throws it in The Play Pen Chucky breaks out kills Tiffany in the bath tub Tiffany is brought back as a doll . Then Chucky figures out oh we need to get this Amulet I was buried with in New Jersy . The 1st Childs Play took place in Chicago & this BS about a Amulet I thought the only way to transfer your soul was to the person you 1st told who you really are . Tiffany know Jesse so she has him take 2 dolls to NJ & Jesse takes Jade with her . Warren Jade 's Uncle breaks int the van where Chucky & Tiffany set a trap that fire nails at his face why have John Ritter in this movie for him to be killed & make a referance to Pinhead . That 's another thing being self aware like Scream . You have this cop pull them over he finds pot in the van & Jesse tells Jade to go get some food . That cop is calling in what he found Chucky takes some sheet paper lights it up puts it in the cops gas tank this was the only good part of the movie . Jesse & Jade get the cops death pinned on them . They find out from their friend David that The Police are locking the border & that Jade 's Uncle Warren has gone missing . You have Chucky & Tiffany talking like a real couple which was stupid but I liked where Chucky was going through the radio stations & complains about the current music scene . You have Warren still alive he pops up Chucky finsihes the job . Then you are introduced to this con artist couple who steals Jesse 's money . Then you have Tiffany throw a bottle of champange at the glass ceiling where shardes of glass kill the con artist couple . Jesse & Jade both call David . Chucky proposes to Tiffany they do it & this scene is the only 1 I laughed at . You have David come into the picture they play who done it like Scream . He smells a foul oder finds Waren he takes the gun makes Jesse & Jade pull over some cops drive up David tries to flag them down & he is hit by a Semi & goes off into CGI land . Chucky & Tiffany pop up they tell Jesse to drive . Chucky shoots at the cop cars & they lose them in the persuit . Chucky & Tiffany kill an old couple steal an RV . They tell them about their plan Jesse & Jade cause Chcuky & Tiffany to argue . Jesse hits the break & Chcuky goes out head 1st Jade knocks Tiffany into a hot stove Jesse wreaks The RV . Chcuky takes Jade to get The Amulet Jesse takes the burnt up Tiffany Doll . Jade get the amulet Jesse trades Tiffany for Jade Chucky throws a knife in Jesse 's back Chucky does the soul transfer thing Tiffany stabs Chucky stop him . They start fighting . Chucky stabs Tiffany in the heart . Chucky is knocked in the grave site . A PI shows up . I like this scene where Brad Dourif says `` Go ahead kill me I always come back but dying is such a b it c h ! '' He is shot & killed The PI lets them go then we have an ending that leaves it open for a sequel a doll baby pops out of Tiffany . I 'm sorry that I skipped through the plot I mean it 's a poor sequel they forgot about having likeabl ; e characters characters that felt like normal people in favor of pretty faces . The Tiffany character did nothing for me I 'd rather have Chucky on his own I did n't like the comic relief & self aware route the series took . A self aware movie is n't a bad thing cause I like Scream & Austin Powers 1 & 2 . Brad Dourif is the best part of the movie . The gore is good & that 's it . Ronny Yu I do n't get why they got him to direct he did an alright job . Brad Dourif was good . Jenifer Tilly was hot but not much in the acting department . Nick Stable I did n't care for . Katherine Heighel was n't any good must of been her 1st role . John Ritter was given nothing to do . Gordon Michael Woovett was forgettable . Alexis Arquette was given nothing to do . If they absoultly needed to do a sequel they should 've done it where Andy was an adult married had a kid his wife buys their kid a Good Guy Doll & go from there . This movie also has a featurett I know it 's like 5 minutes but still that 's more than what 2 & 3 has . If you like this movie that 's fine if I do n't like a movie it 's against the movie not against the fans . Every movie has a fan & hater . Bride Of Chucky for me was the beginning of the end
 If you like the Child 's Play movies , the one where Chucky is a cute doll hunting down a little boy -LRB- or , in the case of the last instalment , a teenager -RRB- named Andy Barclay , then this film is n't for you . This movie is extremely different in comparison with the others . We suddenly realize that Jennifer Tilly and Charles `` Chucky '' Lee Ray had a love relationship back when Chucky was a human ??? And to add to the fun , Chucky ** SPOILER ** possesses a female doll , given to him by Jennifer as a joke , `` You may kiss the bride ! '' with the soul of Jennifer Tilly , and the killer female doll Tiffany is born!Now , most of the Child 's Play movies had a pretty even balance of horror and comedy , but this instalment goes haywire . This movie is dependent on comedy . There is n't anything scary -LRB- or even jumpy , for that matter -RRB- about this movie . And , Chucky does n't have any specific people he has to kill , or people he has to possess . All he needs is to get a certain item , and he tricks a young couple into helping them get it.Perhaps the only thing keeping this review from being a one-star is John Ritter . He plays a cranky uncle that does n't want his daughter dating her boyfriend . She * SPOILER * runs away from the uncle , and the couple get married last-minute at a church , rendering the uncle powerless against the marriage.Brad Dourif is , again , the role of Chucky , and his voice perfectly suits the role . However , when he read the screenplay , he had to have been thinking ` are you guys serious ? this sounds like the stupidest movie ever ! i do n't want to do that ! ' However , he did , and it is , indeed a stupid rip of Bride of Frankenstein . Equally , R.L. Stine , author of the famous children 's horror series Goosebumps , released a book in his `` Night of the Living Dummy '' series -LRB- a miniseries , all released under the Goosebumps name -RRB- entitled `` Bride of the Living Dummy , '' which , if I 'm not mistaken , was released before this movie . Coincidence?Jennifer Tilly fits the role of Tiffany very well , although -LRB- I 'm sorry all you Tiffany fans -RRB- Tiffany does not belong in the Chucky movies . They were much better when they had only Chucky and he only had to kill Andy -LRB- although he would kill anybody who would get in his way -RRB- . Thank GOD the new sequel -LRB- after Seed -RRB- is going back to continue after Child 's Play 3 . The movie is called Curse of Chucky . THAT will be worth watching , more than this . Although , I could sit through it once , I probably would n't do it again . PASS !
 Ok , too over the top . It has a good storyline to it about a serial killer using voodoo to teleport his soul into a doll . Though it is way unrealistic heres why : When the lorry hits this guy he explodes , there is nothing left of him.When she throws a bottle at some glass the mirror smashes and the particles of glass absolutley slaughter the people in the bed below , that wouldnt happen , you should see the amounto of blood shed.Chucky and his bride tiffany actually bleed , there dolls ! ... Not really good , disappointing
 I just loved the child 's play series ! But this is a descrase to them ! number one in the beginning they show Micheal Myers -LRB- HALLOWEEN -RRB- and Jason 's -LRB- FRIDAY THE 13TH -RRB- masks . Then they rip some guy 's lip ring out , how sick ! Then Tiffany gets transfered inside that doll ! O my god ! The good part is when the car blows up -LRB- hell yeah -RRB- ! If your looking for a real good movie get I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER !
 OK , I 'm a Chucky fan and have really enjoyed the Child 's Play movies up until this one . When Chucky 's old flame Tiffany -LRB- Jennifer Tilly -RRB- sews Chucky back together and performs the voodoo chant over Chucky 's body , Chucky is brought back to life . Not wanting to be the only one stuck in a doll 's body , Chucky turns Tiffany into a killer doll just like him . The two of them then find themselves in the back of a vehicle of a young couple in love who plan on getting married . Then , Chucky and Tiffany get married . Together , they form a killer doll duo . This movie has very stupid scenes and is just plain silly . There are a couple of cool death scenes but overall , I think we could have done without Bride Of Chucky . So , for true horror fans , you will be disappointed because this movie is as much comedy as it is `` horror '' .
 Chucky should never be comedy . The jokes are n't funny , and I do n't even know if SEED OF CHUCKY is any good because that 's what it 's turned into already ... comedy . I thought that would be cool , but now it 's all just gone silly . I used to enjoy this , but I 've come to the conclusion that Chucky movies NEED to be horror in order to be good , but ... it 's changed over the past few years .
 Very sad movie ... chucky goes from ruthless killer to Mini-Freddy , spillin gout jokes and quipps . Hes not scary and hes not funny ... hes just a sad disaster played out on screen in the worst sequal to the Childs Play series.Chucky is resurresd by his old flame and puts her soul into a female doll and take a couple hostage to a cemetary across country to get a relic.This movie has so many unanswered questions ... in the 3rd movie , chuckys is litterly blended into mush ... in this movie , when we 1st see him , hes in some pieces ... then he talks about how he can only transfer his soul into a body with the relic he was burried with ... um . . so then why didnt he need them in the first 3 movies?bad plot , bad acting ... but Katherine Heigl in this movie is HOT ! thats why i gave it 2 stars!this is more of a comedy than a horror ... move on . . youre not missing a thing ...
 because you will not get it with this . While seeing two dolls smole , sass each other and have sex is funny when finals time roll around , the rest of the year , it does not carry the same punch and is more bizzare than scary.I saw the first Child 's Play movies when they came out , and this one is admittedly different from the others.While this is neither automaticaly bad nor good , I was glad I had free tickets to this movie because I probaly would not have wasted my time on it otherwise . The idea that two nonliving dolls can procreate is only one of the more off the wall portions of the film.I think that this movie is a prime example of what my parents were talking about when they said horror movies were the pinacle of camp , cheese and shock and I was too engrossed in it to really listen .
 I am sorry to say , but this is the one film that I own on DVD that would be better served as a coaster . It is the worst afternoons viewing that it has ever been my painful displeasure to watch , and having teeth pulled would have been a welcome release . My brother who has a much higher tolerence to cack films agrees with me . -LRB- HE likes Dawsons creak , enough said -RRB- . Please pull from your shelves at once , and recycle all your copies and sell them as coasters .
 That 's the kind of cheap humor that `` Bride Of Chucky '' has , and obviously the producers of the `` Child 's Play '' sequels think that the audience is plain stupid , `` let 's make a half-cooked movie , with idiotic jokes , and cheap actors , it does n't matter because the audience is fool enough to buy a ticket '' , it 's an insult that with all the potential that the world of the movies has , movies like this -LRB- with a 5 pages script , stiff performances , ridiculous jokes and so little intelligence -RRB- are still being made.To be honest , I kinda liked this movie back in 1998 , but I was in high school so I guess that this `` movie '' is good enough to entertain 16 year old teens . `` Bride Of Chucky '' continues the downward spiral of the `` Child 's Play '' sequels , compared to this junk , `` Child 's Play '' 1 & 2 are two glorious , inventive masterpieces , wich they are not by the way . Although the first one is good and the second part is amusing . `` Bride Of Chucky '' has a collection of pathetic performances , as a matter of fact , the best performances are only vocal , that 's right Brad Dourif as Chucky and Jennifer Tilly as Tiffany are the only performances that are OK , but that does n't matter , because the thin script and the dull jokes ruin their performances . So Chucky needed an amulet to return to a human body , huh ? Then why he bothered to chase Andy in the first 3 movies if he did n't had the amulet ? He even recited his chant to transfer his soul to Andy , and he did n't had the silly thing with him.There is a picture of the dead body of Charles Lee Ray in a newspaper , and in the first movie a lightning hit the body after he passed his soul to the doll , so do n't be afraid if you are struck by a lightning because according to `` Bride Of Chucky '' , you wo n't get burned . Oh , and be sure that you keep your female dolls in one room , and your male dolls in other room , because according to `` Bride Of Chucky '' , your female dolls could get pregnant . And be sure that you are n't around when the baby doll is borne , because he will jump right to you with his sharp teethes.And now there is going to be an upcoming fifth part of the `` Child 's Play '' series , but I think that it could n't be as bad as `` Bride Of Chucky '' , but if Hollywood has proven something , is that they do n't care for the intelligence of the viewers as long as they pay for a ticket or a DVD .
 1st of all
 Talk about trash , `` Bride of Chucky '' IS trash ... actually , I 've seen trash that looked good compared to this ridiculous and retarded farce of a horror movie ... Ha !! Horror movie , that 's a laugh !!! This movie is a total joke and does not even attempt to be scary ... this is not a horror movie people . `` Bride of Chucky '' is just STUPID and a waste of time . Some people actually call this a horror movie ... I just call it rubbish .
 Was this supposed to be a Horror Movie ? I found it to be more comedic . That is one problem with horror sequels . The killer become Comedians . Freddy , Chucky , Etc. I hate that . They are violent , demonic , psychotic . Let them be that . This movie had not reason to be made . Chucky was killed 3 previous times . The first should have been it . No more . Unforutnatly , this movie threatens to bring another sequel . The Son of Chucky ... It 's coming , I 'm sure ... very bland , but colorful , and funny , but i do n't watch chucky to laugh
 The title for this review pretty much sum 's up how dumb this movie truly is . I 'll admit theres SOME rewarding factors ie Chucky -LRB- Brad Dourif -RRB- hasnt lost much of his hysterical humour -LRB- though for some reason is starting to sound old -RRB- , the special effect 's were alright , but overall the film just felt stupidly inadequate but as the 4th sequel , it does the job , that being the eventual parody of what was once a good series . The acting was minimal as is expected , Jennifer Tilly cant act for her life ... Everyone else is basically along the same lines , with crap scripting and direction . By now I was hoping for some MAJOR improvements to the animatronics but basically , while effective to a degree -LRB- facial movement was quite good -RRB- came off largely as people pushing dolls around.Maybe CGI for the next film?Though I must admit the doll baby at the end was probably the most effective looking thing in the whole movie , at least for the 2 sec you see it , along with the scene of the guy that get 's blown to a red dust by an incoming truck.Overall this movie is what is expected.Chucky has some often stiff lines and performance 's , but manages to keep afloat with some occasionally funnily crude , screaming one-liners . And yes the romantic interlude between the two dolls at a honeymoon suite earns the glorious title of `` The Most Dumbest Scene in Film History '' . And by the end the expected `` I 'll see you in Hell ! '' and the superflous killing of Chuckie comes and goes for the introduction of a brand new formula , leaving the viewer feeling exploited for their money yet the urge to see the next `` Oh-so anticipated Chapter '' lingers . `` Seed of Chuckie '' -LSB- sarcasm -RSB- Oh BOY ! I 'll be in it for THAT one ! -LSB- / sarcasm -RSB- .
 first off , how could a doll kill people , i know its possessed and stuff but ca n't they just get like 5 really big people and have them sit on chucky . because all i know is that if some stupid little doll came running after me with a knife , i would kick it accross the room and than step on it . if only the people in this movie knew that . with that said and done , the first one was good , the second one was okay , the third one was annoying and this one is just beyond annoying . stop the series you are ruining it !
 This movie is dumb ! Why does the director keep making chucky movies ? I hate these movies . Great , now i have to see privews of this on tv ! ! bet in 2,000 there will be childs play 5 !
 I feel out of place giving this such a low score , but its how I feel ! The first time I watched this back in '98 when it came out , I thought it was pretty good . Then I recently watched it again and I thought it was so stupid , these Chucky movies arent scarry at all , I dont understand why people think they are ! Its kind of more like a comedy than a horror ! But whatever , If you like these Childs Play movies , youll probably like this one !
 I saw this film on the Sci-Fi channel . And I 'm glad I did , cause this movie , simply put ; is a turd . I would never pay to see this flick . Not scary , whoever thought of turning chucky into humor should be fired . I 've only seen Childs play 3 and this piece of crap . Now I found 3 to be a lot more fun to watch then this piece of ... -LRB- fill in the blank -RRB- Whoever thought this film was scary needs to see some real stuff . And to make things worse I 've heard they are making Seed of Chucky . That will probably be worse . Avoid this film at all costs unless you want to see cr@ppy films and make fun of them .
 a killer doll is frightening , well it is if it were real but these movies suck , I mean the first one was the best but making one after another after another is sorta tiresome and mind numbing and you wish you could just stop these stupid horror franchises their coming out with lastely . purely for the fans of the Chuckster but my god , the story is so lame , him making himself a bride and Jennifer Tilly turns into a frickin doll . though the funniest thing would have to be when that stoner sees a moving and talking doll . otherwises beware the smelly cheese of the movie
 I hated this movie so much , I wanted to pour hot spices into my eyes . `` Bride of Chucky '' is the worst thing to have ever been created and I 'm sorry that I even watched a couple seconds of it . Chucky comes back to kill his girlfriend and performs a voodoo ritual to put her soul in a doll . They make quite the couple and I got quite the migraine ! Two dolls in love , enough said . There are n't any big names in this movie and I do n't know why John Ritter made an appearance in this bubbling waste ! The deaths are gruesome and unbelievable . The dialogue is so bad , I thought I was watching `` Blue 's Clues '' . But , `` Blue 's Clues '' is way better and Steve makes this look like the hell . Please do n't ever make another movie with dolls again . No more torture .
 Chucky is a bomb not da bomb . This is the best rating I 'll ever give it . The best out of all the Chucky movies . But a sorry piece of gutter trash .
 First of all let me say that after watching Child?s Play 2 and 1 I got to say that Chuckie was one of the dolls that used to freak me out back when I was a kid . When I heard a new movie was coming to a release I thought I had to see it.Let me tell you that this is n't an horror movie . Sure it has blood but is nothing special or better than the first movie . Why ? Because Chuckie itself is dishonoured this is more like a typical summer flick , it sucks , chuckie in this movie is not even scary anymore . -LRB- OMG HE HAS A BRIDE ! -RRB- Big deal ? NO ! some of the dialogue in this movie made me laugh and same thing happened with the kills , it just did n't feel like an horror movie.The final sequence of the movie was very well made so that 's why my two star rating . If you are a fan of Child 's Play give it a rental , but remember that this is not an HORROR MOVIE . Is laughable . Just what the directors had in mind ? -LRB- Money -RRB- .
 i hated it the others are betta
 surprise , surprise , surprise , another movie in which chucky trys to kill people , with one or two twists , he has a wife that helps him . for those of you who have ` nt seen this movie do n't bother , its even more lame than the original childs play movies . to anyone who helped make this lame movie I have one things to say , # 1 this movie sucks , END
 This is the worst child 's play movie ever . It was n't the least bit scary ... But there were a couple of funny parts , like when the dolls were smoking . The writing was very bad . When the dolls were making out , I was about to puke . I would avoid this movie at all costs .
 I saw `` Bride of Chucky '' in its first theatrical weekend with the hope of another in-your-face , blood-curdling , and devilishly funny romp with Hollywood 's most notorious plastic boy . Unfortunately , I think that Chucky lost a little bit of his edge in this installment , and the story 's continuity with the three previous films is quite bad . For instance , Chucky was dismembered beyond any chance of repair at the end of `` Child 's Play 3 '' . That film and `` Child 's Play 2 '' had at least some plausibility in rebuilding Chucky a new body from his old , possessed , damaged body parts every time . The producers must have thought that the audience would be too dim to point this fact out , so there was no harm in his remains `` just happening '' to be in police custody only to have Tiffany -LRB- Jennifer Tilly -RRB- pilfer them and sew our little guy back up for another fun rampage . Why Universal waited 7 years after `` Child 's Play 3 '' to make `` Bride of Chucky '' just goes to show that the studio may have caught a bad case of financial cupidity in 1998 . However , Brad Dourif mentioned in a few interviews that he would always be pumped to keep speaking for Chucky , even if the stories do become terribly silly.Sure enough , silly is pretty much the right word for BOC . It was interesting to have the possessed Tiffany doll thrown in as Chucky 's counterpart , but I think she just cramped his murderous lifestyle with more lover 's quarrels than in allowing their body count to pile up . And ... what about poor Andy ?! It 's just not the same without him being pitted against Chucky 's lethal antics and dark humor . In my opinion , the only things that spare BOC from a one-star thrashing are more of Chucky 's sardonically vulgar anectdotes and for the guys , a very alluring , patent leather-clad Jennifer Tilly as the Chuckster 's long-lost vixen girlfriend -LRB- before she turns into a Bad Girl Barbie -RRB- . For the die-hard `` Child 's Play '' fans , you should at least see BOC for the sake of Chucky saga . However , do n't get your hopes up too high since this is a Chucky sequel in name only . The first three films are truly the best for anyone to see . The Play Pal factory sequences always steal the show in `` Child 's Play 2 '' ; that installment is my personal favorite .
 dont bother with this one!stick with the first one instead
 It was ok . Not the best movie I 've ever seen
 Chucky 's old flame steals the doll , revives him , and is only appropriately turned into a doll herself when she doublecrosses him . The two then hitch a ride with a young couple to New Jersey to get an amulet that will enable them to switch bodies with them . Hands down , the best sequel which mixes gore and some great laughs . The better jokes involve a certain infamous homemaker with her own television show . But despite these plusses , the whole thing falls apart near the end when Tilly gets roasted which effects her performance , though she does deliver all the good lines .
 This movie absolutely puts the rest of the CP series to absolute shame . It 's just a slapstick movie with forced laughs and dry humor , and almost no horror . Gone is organization -- they threw in a plot involving an amulent , and Andy could be in hell for all we know . This movie really drops the CP series ' quality and honestly , may be the worst movie I 've ever seen . The plot is weak . The only plus is good acting , at least by Jesse -LRB- Stable -RRB- and Jade -LRB- Heigl -RRB- . The movie is n't worth a buy ; barely worth a rental.I do give it credit for not having as many `` bloopers '' as the first three - editing 's been done to the max . But there are a few that I wo n't mention . Still , the first three had plot holes . This movie technically , unforutnately , has no hole in the plot . It just introduces a new element , which is weak . I think they either could have left the CP then-trilogy alone , or just made something better . But I could see the CP idea getting lame anyway.Leave it alone ...
 1 star for the dim , fuzzy and unwatchable print . And what ever happened to trailers ? Come on , Amazon . You know you can do better .
 The quality of this black and white film would 've been okay , but the lighting in this movie is horrible.None of the characters are ones you feel the slightest bit of empathy/care for . And the supposed love interests are void of the slightest bit of chemistry or believability . It is KEY to any movie that the viewer cares about or identifies itself with at least 1 character , and then hopefully has a modicum of interest in the story/subject . At least SOME interest in the outcome of the story.This movie does NOT deliver . And while there are some big names in this movie - I did n't care for the acting at all either.The story was boring - the only mystery was to which rat would win at double crossing - and I could n't have cared less . Which made this movie seem painfully long to sit through . Yes , there is a bit of a surprise at the very end - but the movie was so bad , it did n't matter . I 'm sorry to have wasted my time on this one.BTW - they are never in Africa , as one might assume from the movie synopsis given . It all takes place before they would reach it .
 This was n't that great a movie , this is an examble of a stinkier sequel . This movie though is a lot less gorier than the original two . This movie did have some hilarios and cool moments and humor , I like some of the movie even though the story was n't thaaat good . So it 's OK if you like Robocop movies . Get the popcorn and pepsi it 's starting .
 This one looks like a childrens super hero atmosphere , because the writter of this one thought that kids would want to see it instead of grownups . Unfortunately this one was a box office flop .
 What happened ? I thought the first two were classics but this was just plain -LSB- not good -RSB- . RoboCop 's fight with the samurai toward the end was OK , but did not save this movie from being terrible . If you want something real entertaining then pick up Die Hard , all the James Bond films , both Terminator films and the first two RoboCop films . They are more worth your time and money than this .
 This movie just plain ... If you are a fan of the first two you will be sorely disappointed by this installment . It looses its sci/fi roots and edgy humor and just becomes cheesy .
 This movie was bad . They should have stopped with the 2nd one . It 's very boring . The script was bad and the direction too . There 's nothing to say about it . Just that it 's bad .
 The first and second Robocop films were great . I loved the over-the-top action and humor elements in both films.Robocop 3 is a pure , unadulterated disaster . First off , it is way too tame -LRB- a PG-13 rating ??!! -RRB- . Second , the `` plot '' is completely ruined by the introduction of the `` cute little kid who is a computer whiz '' character , what a travesty ! Third , the movie is actually boring ; a boring Robocop movie ! I could go on and on , but why bother.They dare to put this garbage on DVD ?
 Come on ! Rated PG-13 !? This is why the movie was stupid ! They made Robocop act funny and dumb . What happened to Peter Weller the orginal Robocop !? The story in this movie is lame but the only credit I give this movie is the fact that Robo has the new weapon which connects to his hand and the flight pack .
 what went wrong with Robocop ? The first two are violent and watchable but this one is a disappoint and is only entertaining to a point .
 what went wrong with Robocop ? The first two are violent and watchable but this one is a disappoint and is only entertaining to a point .
 This was the worst of three movies , because of how they messed with the violence , and made the movie PG-13 . What made the first two movies good was the great gore that made them feel more realistic then what was presernted here . Here there is no gore , but very little action scenes with almost no physical violence at all . This was the worst mistake that Orion made , because as a result this movie flopped with just 10 million at the box office after being shelved for two years , and took down the entire studio with it . Peter Weller should 've been in this movie , because it would 've been alot better movie . Some people say that this movie is better than Robocop 2 , because it has less violence , and focuses more on the story which is true as it does so , but overall this movie is nothing more than a major disappointment .
 When a movie has dialogue like , `` I thought your ninja was supposed to take care of RoboCop ! '' , it ai n't gon na be Citizen Kane . It wo n't even be a good RoboCop movie . But if you must indulge , look for the strings holding up RoboCop when he flies . Yes , I said look for the strings holding up RoboCop when he flies .
 `` Ahh finally , robocop 3 '' was the first thought that popped up in my mind as I sat down in my room to watch the movie . I loved the two first movies -LRB- Peter Weller is awsome as Murphy/Robocop -RRB- and I was really excited to see him in action again , wearing the metal plated armour suit ... But wait a minute ? What is this ? No Peter Weller ? Damn , well hope I live through this ... I barely came out alive of my room that night ... This is perhaps one of -LRB- maybe the worst -RRB- `` 3rd movie in a series of good movies '' - films I have ever encountered ... The Plot is bad , probably written by a five-year old child , the actors disgusts me , reminds me of bad soap-opera acting , and the whole thing smells like a movie for children ... I can only say one thing about this movie
 Trust me , this film is not worth your time.In the first Robocop the violence was extreme and had a wickedly dark twist to it . Even in the second film there was at least some excellent action sequences . The third film , however , is just Hollywood cashing in on a successful series!The plot is both simple and see through and the characters lack any real depth . Where before RoboCop was a lone ranger style character , who we feel sorry for due to his situation , he is now merely just another comic book hero.A lesson in how to ruin a good action/adventure film concept .
 Awe man ... Why Anne ? She was kinda pretty ! Any ways ... . so the Robocop name was kinda wasted on this one . Although the robot ninjas were kinda nifty and it was a nice little addition to bring back ED209 . I though he was the dopest of all the enemies in Robocop . This title was a little to kiddy for my taste and you can kinda tell from the sudden drop from the usual `` R '' rating in a Robocop movie to the sudden `` pg13 '' . It was n't a good move on their part to make it appeal more to children than to adults . It should have been kept a mature film .
 Believe me I 'm not one of those people who have dismissed a sequel before it 's even released . I do love many , many sequel 's but the Robocop sequels where major flops to me . Robocop 2 was a big disappointment to me when I first saw it , and the review I gave it as soon as it finished has n't changed the slightest in the few times I have watched it since . It is a movie that starts off looking very promising , but fails to have the same greatness of the original . And Robocop 3 I would put into my list of worst movie 's of all time category with no questions asked . The movie was not thought out and had completely taken the impression that `` This could happen in real life '' to `` This is just an unrealistic comic book made into a movie '' . The first movie was an action/horror kind of movie and easily rated R . The sequels got tamer as they went along trying to make them into a kid 's film . But what I have always wondered about that is , `` WHY ? '' The first movie has an R rating . So kids would n't be watching that one , so why bother to make sequels that kids can watch . They ruined what could have been great sequels the same way they ruined the Batman saga , by forgetting who the original audience was and ditching the dark side to lighten it up into a flick for kids as a PG rated movie . Robocop 2 I would give 1 and a half stars to . But that 's very generous because I give Robocop 3 no stars.What MGM should have done with Robocop 2 & 3 is put them on the same disc and sold them that way as one of there MGM Double Feature DVD 's . And then retailed them at a very cheap price as 2 for 1 on the same disc , or flip side , whatever , but I would give both movies an extra star for being on the same disc so that it would n't take up much room if you just decided to get them just to complete the Robocop collection . Or , maybe when H.D.D.V.D comes out Robocop 1 , 2 , 3 will be released on the one disc . But when you have 2 movies with no bonus features and are n't great movies , only to die hard Robo fans or people who watch them now ` cause it 's a reminder for something from there child hood then no one 's gonnah buy the 2 sequels individually on purpose . But add both of them together on one disc , and maybe 2 bad movies might sneak into an , `` ok , maybe I 'll get this '' category .
 RoboCop 3 was a show I strongly anticipated . I expected a continuation of Robo 2
 This Movie sucked the acting was poor and the jet pack well look at it like this why would a cop need a jet pack a kid of about 6 would think something like that is cool and his new gun was okay but I love the little automatic pistol he used it looked and sounded cool but of course since I liked it that ninga had to cut in half with a super sharp sword take some advise that is good and watch the first one .
 Although this has a better story than Robocop 2 , there still is n't anything special about it . Totally forgettable . Appealing only to 6yr . olds who have real low attention spans . It also lacked violence , the key ingredient from the first two .
 Remember how blood curdlingly violent and loaded with dark humor the original Robocop was ? Even it 's first sequel had it 's share , and that was partly what made the original Robocop so great , especially in the hands of Paul Verhoeven . With Robocop 3 , Verhoeven is definitely gone , as is the violence and the dark humor , and so is original star Peter Weller , who wisely chose to skip this horrible schlockfest . Robert John Burke -LRB- Stephen King 's Thinner , frequent guest roles on TV 's Rescue Me and Law & Order
 `` RoboCop '' -LRB- 1987 -RRB- was a hard action picture with an edge and a heart . It had a strong sense of everything -- brains , heart , social satire , and wit , probably all thanks to Paul Verhoeven , the eccentric Dutch man responsible for `` Total Recall '' and `` Basic Instinct . '' `` RoboCop 2 '' -LRB- 1990 -RRB- lost the heart but still had the violent edge . It seemed somewhat geared towards children , the plot was tired and recycled , the violence still packed a punch but lacked the seriousness and dramatic flair of the first film . In a sense , all humanity shining through the RoboCop character from the first film was gone . `` RoboCop 3 '' -LRB- 1993 -RRB- has none of the above . It has no heart , it has no brains , it has no sly social puns , and it has no hard violence . It 's goofy and stupid . Over-the-top and obnoxious . Some qualites are redeemable . Most are not . It 's undoubtedly the worst of the series.Filmed in 1991 and delayed for two years due to film company Orion 's pending bankruptcy , `` RoboCop 3 '' centers around Murphy , a.k.a. RoboCop -LRB- Robert John Burke -RRB- joining forces with evicted squatters who are opposing Omni Consumer Products , the new conglomerate company running Detroit , which is kindly referred to as the homeless citizens as Opposing Capitalist Pigs.OCP is no longer run by The Old Man -LRB- Daniel O'Herlihy -RRB- , but rather The CEO -LRB- Rip Torn -RRB- , a character played over-the-top for laughs that never come ; he is in fact a sort of subtle summary of the entire movie . He is in cahoots with the Japanese to throw citizens of futuristic Detroit out of their homes and onto the street so that he can level their homes and build big money-making skyscrapers.RoboCop does n't like this one bit , and after seeing a lone child named Nikko -LRB- Remy Ryan -RRB- run across a street and into the arms of squatters , he decides it 's time to protect the innocent and delete his fourth directive , which instructs him to not oppose a member of OCP . After Lewis -LRB- Nancy Allen -RRB- is killed my a corrupt OCP employee , he swears to take vengeance and uphold the law.What a digression the `` RoboCop '' series has made ! It started as a biting social satire , a hard action film with loads of wit , and an emotional tale with subtle hints at humanity and the warnings of regenreating the dead . It was `` Frankenstein '' and `` The Terminator '' intertwined into one gigantic , non-stop , thrill-packed rollercoaster ride.Watching `` RoboCop 3 '' is like trying to focus on a Saturday morning cartoon serial with an invincible hero defeating uncountable foes amidst a very , very unfocused backdrop . It 's hard to do . Co-characters extended in this film were made clearer in the first installment when they were given less time on screen . Johnson -LRB- Felton Perry -RRB- , the black man who gave Robo the thumbs up at the end of the first film , is now partly a bad guy . He was supposed to be a fairly good guy in the first two . What 's happened to him ? I doubt the movie cares much.Peter Weller , who said making the first two films in this trilogy was the worst experience of his acting career -LRB- the suit was heavy and hot , shedding some number of pounds off his body on a daily basis -RRB- , has left the series for more attractive projects , leaving John Robert Burke to fill in his shoes . Burke is okay in the suit , but his voice sounds too robotic when he speaks , lacking the monotone calmness that Weller possessed without any type of digital alteration . Weller 's voice sounded like a man who was fused with gadgetry and somewhat hidden underneath an alternate identity . Burke just sounds like a robot , leaving all sense of humanity at the door . And with the mask off , his facial features look splattered with too much makeup and plastic , probably an ill-fated effort to cover up Weller 's disappearance . It 's not a biggie , as RoboCop himself is barely in this film at all.Yes , that 's right , RoboCop is not really the subject of this movie at all . Perhaps because Weller left they decided to keep RoboCop off frame for as long as possible . He is introduced some fifteen minutes into the film during a heated -LRB- and ridiculous -RRB- car chase , he gets injured and disappears throughout most the film , comes back for a bit , then saves the day . It 's like when they tried to cover up Crispin Glover 's absence in `` Back to the Future Part II '' -- only Zemeckis knew how to do it right . Fred Zekker , the director of `` RoboCop 3 , '' does not.Paul Verhoeven was -LRB- and I say `` was '' because he is now a has-been -RRB- a great director . He got away with over-the-top action because he had a way of making it brutal , gleeful and downright excellent , while managing to insert levels of humanity -LRB- remember Quaid 's background in `` Total Recall '' ? The flashback sequences in `` RoboCop '' ? -RRB- . Zekker 's over-the-top style is different . Very different . Zekker is the type of director who should be in the cartoon business , not the movie business . It 's obvious that he knows how to make adventure serials with over-the-top childish blow - 'em - up action , long passages of cheesy dialogue between cardboard characters , and anticlimatic battles . Now it 's time for him to prove that he can show the decent amount of courtesy to make a satisfying conclusion to a great movie . He has , in essence , failed . `` RoboCop 3 '' is rated PG-13 for language , childish violence and idiotic sequences of stupid battles.Footnote
 Robocop
 What a crap film this is!Some films are so bad that they are funny . This is n't one of them . It 's just plain bad.I have nothing more to say on the subject cept make sure that your holding a loaded gun to your head before you start watching this film.That way you can put yourself out of your misery in the fastest possible way .
 After the okay-ish Part 2 , this sequel plunges the series into the depths of diminishing returns . The ... er , plot , involves an evil Japanese organization who are determined to take over the city with the help of some decidedly uninspiring robot ninjas.Souless , tame , humdrum waste of time and money which seemingly relies on constant flashbacks to the first -LRB- and far superior -RRB- Robocop film . If you have n't seen any Robocop movies then see the first one instead of this . If , on the other hand , you 've seen the first Robocop film , then be content with that . You wo n't find anything worthwhile in this trash .
 * There . Now that my title has drawn your attention , I think I 'll get down to the review . * Review
 Oh woe , here we go with xenophobia . Evil , satantic Japanese baddies seek to take over Robocop 's home city with the help of some rather melodramatic and frankly tedious robotic ninjas.The first Robocop was an excellent and moving film . By now the series has lost all its magic and vitality and is no more than people fighting . Somebody seems to have had the idea of making this one for younger viewers , so it 's all very tame compared to its predecessors and relies heavily on flashbacks to the first -LRB- and superior -RRB- film.Uninspiring , dull and overblown . Do n't bother with this film . You 'll only encourage them to make a Part 4 and drag the character of Robocop down to even greater depths .
 If the second Robocop movie has some redeemable features , then the third instalment has hardly any . This film is the metamorphous of the Robocop franchise into a kid 's marketed commodity . In this respect , this film seems to be a pilot for the children-friendly television series that soon followed -LRB- though this film is not be confused WITH the actual television show pilot -RRB- . The violence is low key and the inclusion of a child actor as one of the main central characters seems to confirm this . Maybe this was the inevitable conclusion - Robocop has all the hallmarks of a ` superhero ' and the commercialisation of this towards the children 's toy market/comics may gather a new audience -LRB- young viewers -RRB- but will alienate an older audience at the same time . The superhero theme is cemented with Robocop 's new jetpack and the ` ninja ' style villains -LRB- this movie was released when the ninja turtles franchise was in full swing -RRB- . The film also lacks the budget of the first two movies , which was a surprise as Robocop 3 was very hyped up to its confusing release date -LRB- set back time after time with delays -RRB- and was released in Britain straight-to-video . This film can be viewed as a pilot , of the pilot of the tv series .
 If it were possible , I 'd have given this movie 1/10 of a star . This piece of trash on celluloid took everything that was great about Robocop , with the exception of the character , and threw it off the top floor of OCP 's Detroit tower . I can only assume the idea was to turn Robocop into a more kid/market/product friendly brand that could be mooched off of for several years.And that failed.Fans of the franchise were hoping for more of the trademark dark humor and gritty violence that gave a dystopian view of the America we were becoming.What we all received was a terribly-written , woefully under-budgeted , and poorly driven device that insulted our intelligence and made us feel as though the film we came to see was replaced by Mr. Rogers with a lobotomy.Most fans of the franchise will agree
 This movie was a colossal failure . The storyline and plot were good but Burke sucked as Robocop and there are to many unanswered questions from Robo 2 that were n't answered in Robo 3 ... # 1 : What happended to the Old Man from Robocop 1 & 2 ? Did he die ? How did Rip Torn become the Leader of OCP ? # 2 : What happended to Dr. Faxx ? Did she just disappear ? # 3 : What happended to the mayor and how did OCP get control of the city ? # 4 : Where is Peter Weller?Do you see what I mean ? The only positive things about this movie are the storyline , the introduction of the Rehab team and Basil Poulodoris 's theme . John Castle was good as Paul McDaggett but other than him and Nancy Allen -LRB- Lewis -RRB- no one else really lit up the screen . It is also a shame that Lewis was killed by McDaggett . This movie flopped big time
 Whoa !! A flying robocop with the strings attached and all . No way man , this one bombs . And where 's Peter Weller ? The dude IS Robocop !!! Cheesy movies I can handle , but this one 's going moldy . Time for Robocop III to catch a wave . See yah !
 There was no reason to make another movie in this series , but I guess there were still some action figures to be sold so here it is . In PG-13 , no less ! Boy , where to start . Well after 5 or 6 years , the evil OCP is still trying to tame Detroit and build a bigger badder cop . Now the Japanese have taken over OCP and have a Robo of their own and they are twin/triplets ? For the most part this 3rd feature is just as bad as the 2nd one , but at least we see some of the townsfolk putting up some resistance . I 'm also giving a little credit for some then new acting faces that are more recognized today . Although Peter Weller wisely did n't come back in the role of Murphy watch for Rip Torn , CCH Pounder , Mako , Stephen Root , Bradley Whitford and Jill Hennessy .
 Robocop 3 -LRB- 1993 -RRB- was the last nail in the coffin for the Robocop film franchise . B movie director Fred Dekker tones down the violence and adds a lot of campy humor into the film so it can get a PG-13 rating . Peter Weller bailed from the series and Robert John Burke was cast as Robocop ! Officer Lewis -LRB- Nancy Allen -RRB- is tragically killed off by an evil OCP officer ! Robocop takes sides with people who are being kicked out of their homes by OCP so they can build Delta City over Old Detroit . The film is even more camped up by throwing a robo-ninja into the movie ! Basil Poledouris returned to give us a real Robocop music score . Robocop 3 is a mish-mash of serious drama and campy comedy . Robocop `` borrows '' a pimp 's car to chase bad guys ! Even with the best of intentions , Robocop 3 was still a failure .
 Let 's see you have the weakest out of all the bad guys even weaker than Robocop Prime Directives Paul McDaggett played by John Castle who reminds me of and older version of Simon Cowell But he 's forcing people out of there homes and is doing thing his own way . Rip Torn plays The OCP president and needs the Katimitsu Corporations help becuse OCP is almost bankrupt . McDaggett kills Lewis which she reprised her role becuse she wanted to be killed off becuse she thought they were milking the franchise . I agree with her character being killed off it made the movie watchable so Robocop this time played by Robert John Burke has a goal to kill McDaggett . The Ninjas in this movie were stupid . Remy Ryans character was n't bad Jill Hennessy is hot . CCH Pounder plays Burtha who is a leader for the rebels against OCP All in All a hardcore R rating and bloody death for McDaggett would have been better . But Robo has an arm cannon and a jet pack that 's cool . But Really this was given a PG13 rating so teens could see it .
 Man , I just loved Paul Verhoeven 's vision of Robocop depicted in the first Robocop . The graphic violence and dark humor for sure , but there was this undiscribable `` mood '' and `` atmosphere '' that a quality moviemaker brings to a film . Compared to the first Robocop , Robocop 3 should be arrested and shot . Robocop 3 is in violation of Robocop 's third directive , `` protect the innocent . '' This film definately harms the innocent viewer . Where to start ? Robocop befriends a group of rag tag , poverty stricken homeless good guys who are fighting against the evil land developers who team up with , get this , the `` Spatter Punks , '' punker rocker looking guys who terrify even the cops . Robocop does the cliche driving his car off of a parking garage to land in the middle of a gunfight . Also there is the precocious wiz kid cliche . Then , there are robot ninjas . That , alone should be enough to convince you . Also , Robocop flies around on a jet pack . I rest my case . Lastly , Robocop 3 just lacks that atmosphere and mood that made the first Robocop something funny and compeling .
 Robocop 3 has to be the worst possible movie in the series . While the first and the second had great humour and quite gory action sequenses the third installment has n't got any of the critsism against the corporate world and the plot of the movie is simply rubbish . The film is made for kids and the flying Robocop just makes you wan na cry . I gave one star just because Basil Poledouris great theme is back from the first film .
 Robocop
 After the high quality of the first two films there 's only one way to go ... downhill and fast.This film put plain and simply is pants ! A crappy japanese cyborg is created as the new nemesis for robocop , & it looks exactly like a human.A piss-take of the first two films rolled into one , what a disaster ... ignore this film .
 This movie must have been made as a pilot for the series that followed . This would explain the lack of wit and social commentary as well as the toning down of the violence . This movie had a serious continuity problem . Nobody seems to have noticed that in the first two movies Robocop had a son , yet in the 3rd movie during the flashbacks he had a daughter . This was truly a bad sequel .
 OCP PLANS ON DESTROYING DETROIT TO BUILD DELTA CITY . BUT , WHEN A GANG OF ANGERED RESIDENTS DECIDE TO FIGHT OCP BACK , PROBLEMS IMMEDIATELY BEGIN . TO ADD TO THE PROBLEMS , ROBOCOP -LSB- PLAYED HERE BY ROBERT JOHN BURKE -RSB- JOINS THE PEOPLE IN THEIR QUEST FOR FREEDOM . NOT AS VIOLENT AS THE FIRST TWO MOVIES , AND IT 'S ALSO NOT AS GOOD . THE BIGGEST MISTAKE THEY MADE WITH THIS MOVIE WAS TO REPLACE PETER WELLER AS ROBOCOP . ROBERT JOHN BURKE JUST SEEMS LOST AS ROBOCOP . THIS SERIES WAS SERIOUSLY STARTING TO RUN OUT OF STEAM TOWARD THIS POINT . WHY COULD N'T THEY JUST KEEP THIS ONE ON THE SHELF ? ANYWAY , ANOTHER BIG MISTAKE THEY MADE WAS TO HAVE ANN , ROBO 'S PARTNER FROM THE FIRST TWO MOVIES , GET KILLED . HAS A FEW GOOD ACTION SEQUENCES , BUT IT 'S SERIOUSLY LACKING THE ENTERTAINMENT THAT CAME WITH THE FIRST TWO MOVIES . IF YOU STILL HAVE N'T SEEN THIS BUT YOU WAN NA SEE IT , RENT THIS , BUT DO N'T BUY THIS . FOLLOWED BY FOUR DIRECT-TO-VIDEO MOVIES .
 Dissapointing but , that 's Orion 's fault for making it PG-13 . This movie still hangs on to some good dark humor but loses all of the action . PG-13 movies bug me because it 's telling younger viewers that it 's ok to watch people die , in a certain fashion . I mean , all PG-13 movies have nonstop explosions , like in this movie , where there is nonstop explosions , showing people go flying in the air . But , of course , if someone dies in a realistic fashion , it 's not appropriate for children . I hate the way holywood does this and this movie is a perfect example of it . For some lousy reason , they rated it Pg-13 , which ruined the movie . In the first one and 2 nd one , when Ed 209 -LRB- a gigantic robot -RRB- fires his minigun at cops ... they die . In this , their cars blow up but somehow , they dodge the minigun ???? This is a major letdown and I blame the fact that they rated it Pg-13 for that . On top of it , I hate it when movies have a little girl who is a complete genious . How is she so smart ???? I mean come on ! Robert John Burke does a fine job replacing Peter Weller so there 's no problem there even though Weller did a better job . The humor is still there , not as good as the first 2 , but still there , so that 's a + . Buy the trilogy for the first 2 and not for this.And for the reviewer saying this is good because it 's a family movie , what the heck ? The first two showed a very dark future while this one makes it so cheesy it 's lame . So , how is that good ? For children to sit and watch `` low degrees of violence '' ? Whatever . PG-13 action movies are all the same , and this same is bad . Thank goodness for the humor or else , YIKES !
 Brandi Boski -LRB- Mena Suvari -RRB- is a committed nurse . She is having a good day because she 's got a promotion at home for senior people . Brandi goes to a night club after work , meets her boyfriend who is also a drug dealer , and drives home under the influence . On her way she runs over a man , Thomas Bardo , -LRB- Stephen Rea -RRB- , and she runs away terrified , with the victim stuck in the car windshield . She puts her car in the garage , but to her surprise , he is still alive , asking for help . So what will she do?The premise is interesting -- `` Stuck '' is inspired by a true event that happened in Fort Worth , Texas , in 2001 . The story is basically a thriller and there are many twists and turns intended to keep us guessing what is next in store . Many things happen and some of them are really surprising - or impossible - but definitely nasty.In spite of gores and broken bones , tension fails to rise as it should because after all nurse Brandi 's choices are limited from the beginning and she only delays her decision . To make a feature-length film out of this thin idea , the script of `` Stuck '' relies on poorly-conceived plot devices that only stall the story -- side story about Thomas recently evicted ; social satires -LRB- apathetic and bureaucratic workers at employment services -RRB- and occasional dark humor . You may giggle at Mena Suvari 's love scene -LRB- brief nudity if you are interested -RRB- or a lovely dog licking the poor guy 's fractured bone . But sorry , I was bored.Or perhaps we should take her character and everything else as a parable . Maybe . But as a social commentary or character study , `` Stuck '' is too shallow to take seriously with stock characters and the leading lady 's overacting . Inconsistencies within a character can be intriguing , and Mena Suvari 's character , first seen as a dedicated nurse , then as an irresponsible hit-and-run driver , has a potential for insightful thriller . But instead of giving more details about her character and much subtler treatment of them , like in `` The Collector '' and `` The Crying Game , '' Stuart Gordon-directed film seeks an easy way out - cheap thrills just like the heroine of the film . `` Stuck '' has an intriguing concept , which could have been developed better with a simpler , more straightforward approach . The result is a confusion , not without fun , I admit , but ultimately unsatisfactory .
 Imagine my disappointment upon finding out that this long-awaited DVD is just an 85-minute ABRIDGED version of the glorious 94-minute version I saw with an enthusiastic crowd as part of the `` Midnight Madness '' programme of the 2007 Toronto Film Fest.My full review available at IMDB , under the title , `` Best B-Movie Since BOUND . '' In it , I marvel at how tight the movie is ... how it never drags . Shortening it can ONLY lessen it , and if the black joke with the dog is gone , it 's not even the same movie.There IS a great Stuart Gordon movie titled STUCK in the can someplace . I suggest you hold out until it gets released . It 's a travesty to have butchered the version I saw .
 I have never seen a movie with such potential be so completely ruined by the director . There are some very unecessary and lame things in this film that truly detract from what it could have been . The screenwriter should be furious .
 I 'm aware this is based on a true story , to whatever extent this may be true , but boy did they ever epicly fail in their quest to adapt this true story to film . I 'm in shock that this complete trash can be rated this highly . This has some of the worst acting I 've seen , and it compliments the bad writing of the movie awfully well.Story
 This film should never have happened . Right from the start , Rap music blasts the F and N every other word . One does not have to be a child to be offended by this vulgar and ignorant rythmic ranting . There are many talented and yes educated musicians willing to work and has the talent to be called musicians.The film lacks directorship as clearly indicated by the sensationalism of drugs . Most audiences for this type of film will be teens and young adults targeting once again the young and vulnable of America . Possession and the distribution of ECTASY IS illegal , yet , the directors allowed the sensationalized and simulated use of the drug just as casual as taking an aspirin . Sensationalizing this drug on screen to anyone is building the hype that could and unfortunately does lead to ingesting the drug , destoying the user , their family and others . Communities and families struggle daily with drugs , their abuse and death of our young people.Directors who allow the sensationalism of drugs on the screen to anyone should be dealt with by the public accordingly . Sensationalizing drugs is enabling and if directors can not use professional judgment in allowing the flagrant use of drugs such as what was evident in this film should be illegal , since we can not trust the film industry to use any moral or decent judgment and lets not forget the Political agenda that pushed during one of the numerous sex scenes . Films such as this should be cancelled well before it comes to the screen . Most disappointing was the fact that Blockbuster was in association with Image and Rigel Entertainment . Blockbuster the `` family video store , '' needs more professional critics to view these films before they support drugs , filth , vulgarity and lack of acting and directing skills and someone 's political agenda . I was suprised to see Stephen Rea appear in such a gangly and poor attempt at screenwriting and filmmaking . The one star rating only appears because I can not truly rate this film in the minus . I have always liked Stephen Rea , but I will be more apprehensive in the future to watch any other film featuring him . I do not believe in censorship however , this film needs to be removed from the public .
 For me it 's tough sell when I do n't like the characters . More importantly , I do n't like a story that moves forward by the characters constantly making bad choices . I hated the ending .
 I would n't have bought this movie for myself , but got it for my Dad 's 75th birthday . Dad had fond memories of it from seeing it on the big screen in 1952 . It seems to me that the movie was designed -LRB- maybe inadvertently -RRB- to appeal to men AND women . The primary emphasis is how Tibbetts ' job of getting a squadron ready to drop the first atomic bombs affected his marriage . That looks pretty dumb in print , but it 's true.Much is made of how long the Tibbetts were separated during the war and how the stress of Paul 's job and the need for secrecy -LRB- even where his wife was concerned -RRB- almost caused their marriage to fail.The acting is typical for the era
 Update - I would like to rate this film higher , I rated it low for the DVD but the website would not let me fix the rating . The movie itself is 4 stars . DVD review 1 star - At the time I review this , the DVD release by Disney left a lot to be desired . So I recommended you save your VHS copy if you were thinking of upgrading until they release a better copy later . Where are the extras , theatrical trailers , behind the scenes , anything?FILM Review 4 stars - This is the first in a series of 3 movies about a great group of students at the fictional Medfield College , led by the likable Dexter Riley -LRB- Kurt Russell -RRB- . The sequels are `` Now You See him , Now You Do n't '' and my favorite , `` The Strongest Man in the World '' . They were always at odds with the bumbling Dean Higgins -LRB- Joe Flynn -RRB- , who was determined that the kids are up to no good . In this story , the school is in financial trouble , running out of cash . The students and Professor Quigley , -LRB- William Schallert -RRB- , talk a philanthropist businessman -LRB- Cesar Romero -RRB- into donating a computer to their school , they have no idea he is a criminal boss looking for a place to get rid of it . Then an accident in the lab joins a new computers memory bank into the human mind of student Dexter , making him super intelligent . Soon he is a star , and Dexter 's new celebrity status takes him all over the world , even to the United Nations . He is fawned over everywhere he goes , lavished with praise and attention . Of course this makes him start to ignore his friends , but he finally figures out that people are just using him and comes back home to help the school by winning money on a college academic quiz show series where he can win the money to save the school . While they win nearly every game , the bumbling Dean of Medfield really wants to beat his old rival , the Dean of another college . Dexter rolls off every answer with no effort , until a certain question triggers a computer-like response , with Dexter rolling off a series of numbers in an automaton-like trance . Turns out these numbers are from a criminal betting ring that had used the computer at one time . The criminal boss figures out he is at risk and makes Dexter disappear , and his old friend have to try to rescue him . This is a fun family film , with a good storyline full of laughs but not in the slapstick pratfalls that many Walt Disney movies had at the time . It has a lot of heart , with nice pacing and is never boring . Great animated opening title sequence with the catchy title song.TRIVIA & BEHIND THE SCENES
 I very much enjoy the movie but Disney cares nothing about the viewers . Fullscreen only and not DVD quality.Hope someone from Disney who cares is listening .
 What a fun movie this is . Kurt Russell made several Disney movies around this time making a smooth transition to adult roles . I give this movie 5 stars for the great family entertainment provided . - - - BUT - - - Sorry if I sound like a broken record ; ZERO STARS to Disney for full screen format -LRB- as usual -RRB- . -LRB- Eisner , do you ever read these reviews ? -RRB-
 `` If you ca n't say something nice , do n't say anything at all . `` I liked the DVD cover
 I have a soft spot in my heart for cheesy horror movies , especially ones about werewolves and/or vampires.Sadly , that soft spot is n't nearly soft enough for me to like `` Wolvesbayne , '' an indie horror movie that is neither horrifying nor interesting . It feels like the filmmakers snatched up random chunks of `` True Blood '' and `` Underworld , '' and mashed them together in a generic little stew.Russell Bayne -LRB- Jeremy London -RRB- is just your average greedy cruel developer ... until he 's attacked on the road while calling 9/11 for a stranded motorist . The following night , he turns into a werewolf . Alex -LRB- Christy Romano -RRB- , the store owner he 's been pestering to sell , reluctantly takes the new werewolf under her wing so she can show him how to control himself.Meanwhile , the evil vampire Von Griem -LRB- Mark Dacascos -RRB- is working to revive the vampire queen Lilith -LRB- Yancy Butler -RRB- . Centuries ago , the vampire elders sealed her away in four amulets and spread them across the world ... or rather , across New Orleans . Now Von Griem is collecting them so he can resurrect her and take over the world . Got it ? I barely did.After finding out that something weird is up , Alex calls on Jacob Van Helsing -LRB- Rhett Giles -RRB- and his very small band of followers . Their only hope of stopping Von Griem and Lilith is for this odd little band to attack the vampires head-on . You may have noticed that Bayne was n't mentioned much in the main vampire-fighting plot of `` Wolvesbayne . '' That 's because for a main character , his role is actually rather superfluous . In the second half , I actually FORGOT that Bayne was technically the hero and not Jacob Van Helsing.And really , it 's not like he 's a good character either -- the character is a cliched jerk-becomes-an-unselfish-hero type . And no , there 's no reason for it.Apparently this movie is also a sequel of sorts to the movie `` Dracula 's Curse , '' but it does n't make much difference to understanding the movie . It 's one of those films that feels like it was cobbled together as they went along , adding new characters whenever the plot lost momentum.So just lose yourself in the awful dialogue -LRB- `` I will lead us in this new millennium of darkness ! '' -RRB- , decent fight scenes , and the generic Evil Vampire Rising Because Of Collectible MacGuffins Of Power story . It 's pretty generic , especially when the writers actually try to develop the characters.Mark Dacascos is one of the movie 's few saving graces , as the wimpiest , least effective vampire since Edward Cullen . He 's hamming it up royally around his enormous plastic fangs and red waistcoat , getting slapped around by ordinary humans . The character is hilarious.London has almost nothing to work with , and Romano seems to be giving the role what she 's got . But Butler is just a disaster and Giles is clearly not trying . I 've never seen anyone look so BORED by the prospect of a vampire-ruled world . `` Wolvesbayne '' is a big generic stew of clumsy vampire/werewolf cliches , with a lead that you might actually forget about after awhile . Give it a skip .
 What can you expect from a movie starring Mark Dascascos , Yancy Butler and Jeremy London ? Not much ... but this is worse than your lowest expectations.WOLVESBAYNE is a mindless mishmash of curses , vampires , werewolves , hokey action scenes , horrid effects , terrible editing and general nonsense.A real stinkeroo !
 I could not stand the main character in this movie , all she did was stomp around and whine about every little thing . If this character were a real person she would have been dumped repeatedly , she is extremely overly dramatic and irritating . I normally love sappy movies like this one , but I just could n't get past her personality it was terrible . Side note
 lucky lue wants a fairy tale romance 3 guys love her so she dont know who to pick and she takes care of a girl who ran away from home too her family are funny in this movie i like it but i dont like the guy she picks so i dont love this movie but if you love movies like lifetime or halmark then you will love this movie the acting is great cute guys there is a love story i would rent it first just to see if you like it there is a lot more to the story but that what i got out of it i hope i helped
 While there 's some creative impetus for remaking `` Prime Suspect '' with a new cast , ABC 's `` Charlie 's Angels '' feels like a cynical ratings grab . After all , the franchise is being rebooted solely because it has name recognition , not because there was some clamoring for more after the 1970s TV series and two big-screen movies in 2000 and 2003 . Drew Barrymore , one of the stars of the movies , serves as an executive producer on ABC 's new `` Charlie 's Angels '' along with Leonard Goldberg , who worked on the original `` Charlie 's Angels '' TV show . The showrunners are Alfred Gough and Miles Millar , who did an excellent job reimagining the Superman myth in the early years of `` Smallville , '' but they have less raw material to work with when it comes to `` Charlie 's Angels . `` The premiere episode introduces the Angels
 Wow , pretty bad . No structure just pretty faces . Even `` Bosley '' , who is now a cute Hispanic stud . He says things like `` be careful '' and `` whoa ! whoa ! '' when the girls pull out guns , or sends them computer stuff on his special iPad 2 . the girls try not to look into the camera . they try to act natural . they ca n't even hold a flashlight without looking insecure . on the boat , walking around with their guns pulled , they looked like they were cringing . the new girl is even younger , very beautiful , but ... nothing . eighth graders could write a better script . who knows ? maybe it was computer generated to save money . made my teeth ache .
 I recently bought this dvd , since many consider it a classic from the late 1930 's . I doubt that Charles Boyer would make it as a star today . And Hedy Lamarr is good looking , but not that good looking . Her acting was also just so so . And the quality of the dvd just did n't hold up . Very dark and sound was pretty bad - but it was made in the 30 's . I just found the movie real boring .
 This movie is 1930 's history . It 's always fun to see a great cast like Boyer & Lamarr . But this print that was put on DVD is unwatchable . Grainy , jumpy , inaudible , faded - and this is being kind . At one point , there was even a double soundtrack being heard . I strongly advise - let 's put a stop to this type of DVD being offered to the public . DVD 's are a marvel to watch . It 's a crime when you are subjected to this type of mess !! DO NOT BUY IT !
 First , 4 stars for the film , 0 for this version ! This Alpha Video version -LRB- DVD -RRB- has a dreadful 20 minute sequence where some stupid Sci-Fi movie 's audio dominates this movie 's sound . Alpha should not produce/sell any more of these unless they correct the problem . Amazon sells another version , ASIN
 After reading the EXTREMELY bad reviews here of this DVD copy , I bought the other version -LRB- ASIN
 Boy , that other reviewer was right about the lousy production quality of this movie . It 's such a marvelous film . Charles Boyer does a fantastic job as the master criminal who possesses panache , intelligence , and a desperate need to escape the casbah that is both refuge and prison . Hedy Lamarr is luminous . Such a classic movie deserves restoration , and those of us who love good movies enough to purchase DVDs deserve better than this . Okay , I 'm used to the faded , grainy , jumpy aspect of the typical AlphaVideo DVD , and am willing to put up with it just to have this film . But the sudden intrusion of another movie 's dialogue -- including a man screaming -- right in the middle of the story line is inexcusable . I nearly came out of my chair in startlement . At times you can barely hear Pepe le Moko 's dialogue for this other , loud overdub . If this is the only copy of this film you can find , it 's still worth having , but be prepared for a really stupid production mistake .
 I love the movie `` Algiers '' . For those who know , there are some authentic touches through gestures and through music of old Algiers . And , any fan of the Charles Boyer/Hedy Lamarr foreign intrigue/exotique film genre will enjoy it immensely . But , this copy might as well have been bought on the streets of Shanghai . The quality of the copy is extremely poor and even more offensive , midway through the film another conversation keeps taking over , what is it ? `` DARK SHADOWS '' . No mistaking the `` Dark Shadows '' music or Joan Bennett . I recommend that Amazon drop this vendor .
 The title of this video is misleading . This is not a video about the Sami people or their culture . It is a travel video of the towns and attractions in the Lapland area of northern Finland . Very misleading .
 I love good British films , so this looked worth a pull from the rental barn.Argh . Rarely have I seen a slower , more boring `` gangster '' film . I do n't need violence or shock , but I do need some sympathetic characters and a solid script . Neither is on disply here . Riz and Mays are both mediocre actors who bring no spark or edge to their performances . The script is slow and leaden , and if I do n't care about the leads why should I care if they can get out of their pathetic , self-inflicted hells?There is barely an ounce of humor anywhere in evidence here , unlike most decent Brit films , which have loads more fun even when twice as harsh as Shifty . This one goes nowhere , full of people I could n't care one whit about , with no sense of humor or even serious drama . It 's like hearing about your neighbor 's endless trials in life when you just want to go home for a cuppa.Absolutely boring in most every way , and showing a world of brain-numbing 21st-century-Dickensian working class squalor tarted up to look vaguely humane , Shifty is probably the least enjoyable and most depressing film I 've seen this year , and I 've seen some clunkers.Rent at your own peril . Might help you sleep though .
 For a ` sixties type ' comedy it was okay.the girls were the best for their time , very nice even by todays standards . cuteoutfits and corny roles . I especially likedthe old movies for the cars ! the only wayto see a ` brand new ' chrysler in action isin a period release film . -LRB- or any of yourfavorite cars -RRB-
 Dark JusticeThe series was very cool , featuring a very young Carrie-Ann Moss . However , this movie has nothing to do with the television series . The people at Amazon.com need to read the credits on the rear of the dvd case to verify that the product listed is the same as the television series . The TV series starred Ramy Zada , Dick O'Neil , Begonia Plaza , and Carrie-Ann Moss . -LSB- None of which are listed on the rear label of the dvd pictured on the web site . -RSB- The TV series -LRB- for those who never saw it -RRB- revolved around a victim of organized crime . He was a judge by day and a vigilante by night . He would impose his brand of justice , ala mission impossible , against all criminals who passed through his courtroom and were able to get off scott-free .
 A clearly schizoid derelict , Robert -LRB- William Bumiller -RRB- , whose spurtive twitches and iterances of the word `` yup '' have earned him the name of YUP YUP MAN -LRB- the film 's original title , renamed DARK JUSTICE for its DVD release -RRB- , has long since tucked away his hold upon reality , a result of having been present , as a young boy , when his father was brutally murdered . He has contracted an obsession for a comic book hero , Dark Justice , whose penchant for vigilante activity against The Forces of Evil has fostered a muddled desire within Robert to compensate for his father 's slaying through vigourous attacks upon vicious street thugs . Nightly news telecasts describing savage assaults upon hapless victims have ignited Robert 's instinct to become a `` caped crusader '' , initially encouraged by Jack -LRB- David Bowe -RRB- , a friendly bartender and owner of a tavern that the Yup Yup Man frequents , but after Robert 's criminal targets are being despatched rather than merely captured , Jack becomes aware those victims rescued by the social misfit 's sallies are perhaps only a segment of his delusionally tinged aggression , with his feats causing him to be labelled by the broadcast media as a `` serial killer '' . During this same period , a romantic relationship with a young , otherwise apparently sane , woman , Jillian -LRB- Jocelyn Seagrave -RRB- has modified Robert 's existence , her feelings for him stemming originally from compassion , but then growing to a level where he has become physically beguiling to her . As his fancies ease , Robert 's behaviour turns increasingly lucid as it would if repression , born from grief , is lessened , thereby resulting in greater psychologic stability . Accordingly , he believes that he is becoming `` normal '' , although his mounting string of killings plainly is not acceptable to local law enforcement officialdom or to a conflicted Jack , the latter evidently holding feelings of guilt as a result of his initiatory backing of the Yup Yup Man 's vengeful acts . Director Glenn Klinker brings a palpable background in film production to this affair but it , his first effort at the helm of a feature film , is perforated with continuity problems throughout the storyline . We see Robert early in the film as a young lad witnessing his father 's senseless death , but subsequently we can only presume that his life went to the dogs , as we are not advised of what actually occurred within the breach of years that impelled him to become a trash collecting vagrant , a person with patent delusions who has become a bedevilled , twitching , and babbling eccentric . Here is where conceptualization from Klinker will fall short of viewer satisfaction because of his lack of a firm point of view , as moral conflicts raised by inveterate wretch Robert 's impassioned although felonious actions pointed against noxious criminals require a greater degree of development than they are given within the scenario , perhaps exemplified most often through flaws in logic , such as those that depict the ease with which plot principals are able to locate addresses of friends and enemies . The production is smoothly accomplished in spite of a manifestly wee budget , with the casting director casting herself in two significant roles , while even Klinker fills a small part . There is included in the film the mentioned romantic love element that is peculiar at best , along with misguided , tasteless , and only upon occasion plot-related attempts at humour , along with a surfeit of witless violence spread throughout the work , culminating at its climax in silly fashion . Nonetheless , the director 's sure hand is evident behind several positive aspects of the piece . These include effectual editing -LRB- editor
 * WARNING
 I had high expectations for this movie . I like Paula Garces , Stanley Tucci , and Ruben Blades . I thought `` what could go wrong in this movie ? '' Well pretty much everything . According to imdb , Spin did n't have a theatrical release date and it really shows . The filming looks choppy and movies that do n't get released in theaters are sure fire fails unless it 's the movie Hook 'd Up . The `` conflicts '' in this movie seem really forced . The jury is still out on Ruben Blades as an actor . He 's a great recording artist , but his acting leaves a lot to be desired , with the one exception being Safe House . Stanley Tucci is the only one who 's performance is top notch . Paula Garces ' performance just did n't seem to recover after that incest assault scene and by the time this movie came out , she was pushing 30 . She was way too old to play a high school student . Ryan Merriman is a weak lead character and his arrogance is similar to Andy Garcia in The Godfather Part III . Except Andy Garcia is a great actor . Spin is hailed as a coming-of-age tale . But it 's more like a dumb slow paced fail . For those who are Paula Garces fans , pop in The Harold & Kumar trilogy or Man Of The House instead of this dreck . Spin crashes and burns into the worst movie list of all-time !
 I purchased this video because I liked Ryan Merriman when he was on the TV series Veritas . He must have been desperate for money when he signed onto this dog of a movie .
 I expected trash , and was a little surprised . The female lead -LRB- who you will recognize as young Christina Crawford in Mommy Dearest -RRB- was a mundane bore and then suddenly got in some great acting way too late in the film . This film was quite true to the Manhattan living situation , which most films ridiculously gloss over . It is trying to do something fresh with gay male romance , but the story was n't strong or well-paced enough to have washed anywhere but our gay `` We 'll watch anyone who is cute and takes off their shirt enough . '' Not at all sophisticated but it did create a very authentic New York feeling . A Surprise , but then my expectations were low .
 It 's always disappointing to see a good child actor turned bad . Mara Hobel -LRB- the young Christina in `` Mommy Dearest '' -RRB- was terrific as a child but lost whatever acting talent to which she might once have laid claim . The movie is passable as entertainment but not as a comedy . The love story part of the movie seemed rather contrived and very predictable . I really wanted to like it but alas , it was only so-so .
 This movie would never have found any distribution had it involved heterosexual characters . As gay men , we are so hungry for representation , we will lower our standards to watch a movie with believable male characters . Unfortunately , this movie has no redeeming characteristics . The saccharine pop soundtrack is cloying , and the generic West Village characters are two-dimensional . The ending where the hunky actor finally falls in love with his nerdy best friend is totally unrealistic . This movie is the pits . If you want a nice gay romance movie , buy `` Lillies '' or `` Beautiful Thing '' .
 I really wanted to like this film , as I love gay cinema . But the bad acting , horrible script and horrific directing made me hate it . And LONG ! It 's bad enough when a movie `` seems '' to drag on because it 's so bad . Well , this movie is worse as it is BAD and clocks in at just under 2 hours . This film makes `` The Titanic '' seem like a short . This could have been such a great little film too . But it is just too tedious and too poorly executed to qualify for even a movie to fall asleep to . `` Attack of the killer tomatoes '' seems like an oscar winner compared to this stinker.If you want to see a great gay themed movie , skip this trash and go rent `` Edge of seventeen '' or `` Trick . `` I am not kidding , this film is alful .
 1 star for the dim , fuzzy and unwatchable print . And what ever happened to trailers ? Come on , Amazon . You know you can do better .
 The quality of this black and white film would 've been okay , but the lighting in this movie is horrible.None of the characters are ones you feel the slightest bit of empathy/care for . And the supposed love interests are void of the slightest bit of chemistry or believability . It is KEY to any movie that the viewer cares about or identifies itself with at least 1 character , and then hopefully has a modicum of interest in the story/subject . At least SOME interest in the outcome of the story.This movie does NOT deliver . And while there are some big names in this movie - I did n't care for the acting at all either.The story was boring - the only mystery was to which rat would win at double crossing - and I could n't have cared less . Which made this movie seem painfully long to sit through . Yes , there is a bit of a surprise at the very end - but the movie was so bad , it did n't matter . I 'm sorry to have wasted my time on this one.BTW - they are never in Africa , as one might assume from the movie synopsis given . It all takes place before they would reach it .
 It is very sad not as bad at the begining but very very sad at the end . It also went by to slow
 I had really low expectations for this movie . First of all , it 's about man-eating locusts . Second , it 's got a colon in its name , as if connecting locusts to the biblical plague somehow makes the film more relevant . And did I mention it 's about locusts?The locusts in question are a swarm of predatory insects genetically engineered -LRB- of course -RRB- by Silogen . Silogen , led by the ruthless Gary Wolf -LRB- David Keith -RRB- , pushes for an early test of the carnivorous swarm over the protests of chief scientist Russ Snow -LRB- Jeff Fahey -RRB- . Silogen is a typical corporation and needs to make money , so the locusts are released early with predictable results.One has to wonder - why in the world would you have a vent to the outside world located anywhere near your toxic swarm of killer locusts ? Because you 've got a horror movie to film , that 's why.And so the locusts escape , turning their victims into bloody mush . The locusts also have a habit of smashing themselves into windshields , which looks an awful lot like a production assistant slinging red goo at the camera . Of course , Silogen does n't realize how deadly their Frankenstein monsters are until it 's too late.It 's just this sort of shenanigans that caused Colt Anderson -LRB- Dan Cortese -RRB- to quite Silogen and start his own business producing organic pesticides . Anderson has n't entirely cut his ties with his former company however - he 's still dating the chief scientist 's hot daughter Vicky Snow -LRB- Julie Benz , giving me a new appreciation for her understated appearance in Dexter -RRB- . Together , they just might be smart enough to defeat ... Oh , whom I kidding ? At various times throughout Locusts
 i have not opened or played this movie . it 's ready to be returned . since i ordered the correct movie how was i sent the wrong movie ?
 One of the cable channels here in Sweden just showed this awful movie , at 2:40 AM . It 's 4:30 AM as I 'm writing this . Insomnia , anyone?I did n't expect much of a movie titled `` Locusts
 Locusts
 This was obviously copied from a very old copy of the film or a well used VHS tape . Do n't waste your money . The movie was n't even that good .
 This has to be one of the worst films ever made . Bad producing , bad directing , bad acting , bad camera work , bad film making , bad everything . All Italian actors trying to play the Germans , English and Italians . Ed Wood was brilliant at film making compared to the folks who made this film . I feel bad I even paid as little as I did for the DVD . It still was n't worth the price . I just threw the DVD into the recycle bin .
 The quality of this film was terrible although I have to admit that I have seen/heard worse . The auditory part was the worst , although the acting was sporadic in quality . I did not recognize a sick-looking Michael Rennie -LRB- as Montgomery -RRB- at first because it did not sound like him ; for some idiotic reason , they had someone else speaking for him . As for the weaponry shown in the movie , it was a mishmash.The film 's plot revolves around the battle of El Alamein , as seen from an Italian force . I have to admit that initially I was snickering about the Italians ' portrayed bravery , since the Italians ' reputation throughout the war , from beginning to end , was that they were all pathetic cowards , as bad as the French . Then I remembered that in North Africa there were indeed notable exceptions and there were several Italian units that had balls
 I purchased this item thinking and hoping it would really tell the story of the battle . Instead this movie poorly portrayed the Italian army as a legimate military force .
 Steer clear of this movie.It looks like it was made in someones garage . I was hoping I could get through it but had to stop watching after 10 minutes . Poor quality transfer.Looks like a very bad home movie !
 This was a really good Italian war movie . However , the copy ... is currently offering from Congress Entertainment , is of low quality . It is from an unrestored , bad-looking negative and runs only 80 minutes , rather than the 105 release time and the 92 minute length advertised . It 's hard to follow ; some scenes are obviously removed . In one part Rommel is recalled to Berlin for a long rest , only to be seen in Africa 10 minutes later ! It 's not worth the ... price for something this bad . If a full-length restored print is ever released then GO BUY IT ! Until then , ignore this print .
 There is no gainsaying the importance in historical terms of the battle of El Alamein in World War two . Its significance was described by Churchill , with typical eloquence as being '' Not the beginning of the end , but rather the end of the beginning `` From this point on it was possible for the Allied powers to take the initiative against the Axis and take the fight to them rather than simply adopt a defensive posture based on buying time . The battle deserves a major movie , and indeed it has been treated - albeit tangentially - in pictures like '' The Desert Rats '' and '' Tobruk '' . This particular picture is an Italin - French co-production and primarily focuses on events from an Italian perspective . It looks at how an experienced group of soldiers comes to terms with a new leader , their initial hostility turning to respect for his courage under fire and how they seek to keep their spirit and morale together in the face of desertion by their German allies and the new spirit of attack created by the `` up and at 'em `` leadership of the British leader General MontgomeryThe movie shows how the Italians were sacrificied by Rommel who needed them as cover while he set about extracting the German army from North Africa , in the face of opposition from Hitler , in order to ensure they lived to fight another dayThe problem is that budgetary restrictions render the battle scenes somewhat low key and it is unfair to judge the actors since their performances are dubbed - with the exception of Michael Rennie as Montgomery . Muddy colour further handicaps evaluation of the movieGood to get an Italian perspective on events and to see a movie that shows courage is not the exclusive province of the winners but it is not a great picture , rather it is a war movie that hasbeen shabbbily treated by its distributors who have dubbed and hacked it into borderline incoherenceA wasted opportunity but not unwatchable
 I watched this movie for the first time recently on Pay-per-View , mainly because I was surprised to see a second Italian movie about the subject -LRB- I had seen the 2005 Alamein movie some years ago -RRB- . Like many of these old movies on Pay-per-View , it did n't have a proper preview trailer just a short clip . I could predict what I would see in the rest of the movie
 The picture quality is very disappointing . Also , the movie was originally done in a foreign language then dubbed badly in English .
 Pathetic and forgetable presentation of a major WWII event . The real problem with this film is its scope . The battle of El Alamein was a sprawling tank engagement across the North African desert , but this film involves itself with relatively miniscule vignets that in no way add up to the its name . This is an Italian production that , if you close your eyes and listen to the voices you would wonder if you were watching The Good , The Bad & The Ugly . A mish-mosh of multi-national nobodys portraying other multi-nationals unconvincingly led by the great Michael Rennie looking very unhealthy as General Montgomery . Tanks are British Comets and Crusaders painted as German vehicles . All in all a sappy attempt that will leave true war movie fans unsatisfied .
 Being a fan of independent films , this title caught my at the local rental shop , and after reading the enticing description on the back of the box i decided to give it a try . Needless to say I walked away from this one very disapointed . The first thing i noticed about this film was the poor quality of sound . I found myself needing to turn the volume up to above 65 % just to make out what they were saying , and worse yet there were no subtitle options . The second disapointment in this film was how confusing it was to understand what is going on . Ann Lu explains that she did this on purpose to ` challenge ' the viewer . If i wanted this kind of challenge i would have just done a master sudoku puzzle instead of wasting my time with this terrible movie . Dont get me wrong , even though its not what i prefer , i can appreciate an enigmatic film as long as that film still has something to offer to keep me interested and entertained . This film actualy has no nudity at all in it , which i found kind of cheap considering there is a naked lady on the cover of the DVD jacket.I guess i dont understand how movies like this make it all the way to a Hollywood Video . Seriously , give me a camera and some actors and i could guarentee you a better movie than this . Halfway through the movie the screen goes blank and colorful bars pop onto the screen along with an anoying high pitched tone -- I 'm not kidding -- similar to a emergancy weather broadcast on TV . I like to think if i spend my money to watch a dvd , that it was at least watched once by the people who made it in order to take out mistakes like this . The one redeaming quality of this film is camera work of Neal Fredericks . That being said , dont watch this film , neither erotic , or a thriller , quite frankly it sucks .
 but not with me . The film is so deliberate and obvious that I knew what was going to happen from scene to scene . Thats not so rare , but in a really good film , the performances can overshadow the story . Not in this case . With the notable exception of Jodie Foster , who does have some great moments , the actors in this film fall well short . Mark Harmon is miscast as the lead who goes back through the memories of his youth and his relationship with Foster . Its not that bad really , but then again , its really not that good . Ive seen it twice , just to be fair and it never hits any chords with me . The actor who plays Harmon in youth is cardboard and Silverman is just too goofy , but not in a funny or interesting way . I wish I had liked this movie , but it simply is a very mediocre movie and I am being kind when I say that . Without the aforementioned Foster adding some dimension to this film , I would say this is a serious candidate for one of the worst movies ever . I also know one thing , which is I could write a better screenplay than this . It is an overly and obviously sentimental movie that forgets how to be real . Skip this one unless its on tv . Thats what I did and I still felt cheated .
 Stealing Home is basically a nostalgic movie made in the 80s about a man , Mark Harmon , who looks back on his 60s youth and his first love . In other words , it is the plot to about a thousand other 80 's movies . Yep , all the qualities of bad 80 's films are here
 The only redeeming feature of this movie was that our side comments during the show were hysterical . Story line was marginal , believability was nil . Could n't bring myself to care about any of the characters . Definitely a weak show and a waste of two hours ...
 For a brief time years ago , one of my local stations ran two dueling-critics shows - `` Siskel & Ebert '' and `` At the Movies '' - right next to one another . One week , both shows reviewed this film . Gene and Roger gave it two thumbs down - WAY down - but Rex Reed and Bill Harris liked it ! Now , I had to see the flick for myself to see which pair was right!As it turned out , S&E were . The film was , and is , a flaky , sappy , screwy , half-baked , muddled MESS . The only reason I 'm giving it two stars is for the bits of wild unintentional humor , and for the excellent performances of Harmon -LRB- in a thankless role -RRB- , Foster -LRB- simply luminous -RRB- and McLaughlin -LRB- best actor in the film -RRB- .
 When I saw the list of actors in this movie , I assumed wrongly that it would be more than just a few action scenes held together with a rather dull , uninteresting plot , and bland acting . As a previous reviewer mentioned , why were several very good actors in this movie given the lack of substance with no real chance for good acting ? Carano is beautiful , good at what she does obviously , but she is not an actress ; you would have thought she would be included to spice it up a bit but not the main show . Once again I was left disappointed as I have been with so many new releases in recent years . They throw some good actors into a movie with a weak plot simply to make a dollar .
 This movie was one I had looked forward to for quite a while and now I ca n't remember why . Without giving anything away , let 's say it jumps around a lot , there is very little rhyme and reason as to why things are happening and the cast seems to have less a clue about what was going on than I did . Poor editting , mediocre cinema , poor writing , bad plot , horrible dialog . It 's all there . It 's just a sad movie and yet I might suggest you watch it ... so I do n't have to suffer alone .
 I love chick-kicks-ass movies , but this one is simply confusing . It 's all happening because of an incident in Barcelona , but it 's never clear exactly what the incident was . We 're left confused as to who are the good guys and bad guys . And the people trying to kill the heroine seem awfully inept . This is the second movie from director Steven Soderbergh to go into the sell-back box . Contagion went there as well .
 I love Gina from American Gladiators and MMA of course . I was so looking foward to see more of her in this movie , but after 20 mins I turned it off . The script was awful , I am not a fan of Tatum because of his lack of enthisiasm on roles . That really made me shut it off . Great stars but that did not help the movie . Hope she gets more roles with a better script so she can shine like I know she can .
 Poor story - confusing and boring . I almost stopped watching mid-way which is something I hardly ever do . I expected more from this director and cast .
 I was excited to see this movie from what I saw of the previews . But when I got it I wish I had rented it first . The plot was at best fair . The story was slow and ill formed . It bordered on cliche with the way it was played out . The characters were not well established and I did not like how the female lead role was beaten more times than I can count in the film . It made the male leads seem very cowardly . I found the movie in many parts to be boring with the ending that was simply laughable and very poorly done . Do n't buy it , rent it first and save yourself a few bucks .
 The previews looked good , but within 15 minutes of watching the film , I had no idea whether the sequence I was watching was in the past or present . The movie jumped around so much that , before long , I did not care anymore . There are plenty of passable action films out there . This is not one of them .
 I gave this movie a full hour to develop and yet it kept dragging . The plot is the usual as other spy double cross movies and it just seemed like it was not going to deviate much from it . Maybe the ending will be good , but I could not take it any longer . First movie in a long time I had to stop watching .
 I rented this movie on google and paid $ 2.99 for it . I want my money back . It was so horrible I did n't even finish watching it . It was sloppy and all over the place . Other than the fight scenes , there was no plot or story line . It was just a hot mess . Spare yourself the frowns of bewilderment and anger . You 'll never get those precious moment of life back if you watch it , and believe me - you will want that time back .
 I ca n't believe how bad the acting is in this movie . For the small parts and bits of lines that the big name , big film , popular GUYS in this movie had it was n't enough to carry the low budget film through the 1:30 hours . It was BRUTAL to finish . The female , while she had a nice body , was absolutely terrible throughout the film . She could n't have saved her acting career even if she had done a topless scene . Who is Steven Soberberg ? lol . I feel like my 3.99 was totally wasted when I rented this from amazon .
 Men 's Fitness magazine lauded this movie and I was excited to see it . Almost from the start , it was slow , herky-jerky , and boring . It is very rare for me to fall asleep during a movie , but I can not remember the ending to this one as I dipped in and out of snoozeville .
 Gina is neither hot nor is she a great fighter on screen . she is no Zoe Bell as far as stuntwomen go and she totally has no screen presence . Her body makes her movement like a sausage spinning on it 's end . I may be fussy , I work at a gymnastics academy , but her build is short limbed and her balance is poor . She moves with the grace and power of a three legged dog.She has no sense of comedic timing and delivers her lines with little presence or affect . She does n't really do much with the dialogue . I could go on but the movie was bad enough.Don ' t rent this , even if you have trouble sleeping .
 this move is horrible and boring all the action you see in the preview is all the action thats in the movie .
 The good
 All I can say is this movie was boring and the acting was sublevel . For what was supposed to be an action packed movie it fails miserably . I would not recommend this movie .
 One of the worst movies I 've ever seen . Great cast , super slow action , very bad plot , I fell asleep three times while watching .
 They spent so much time in a boring back story that could have been used for acting . No the acting was n't great but that was n't the problem . The backstory was drawn out and boring . Made it impossible to watch .
 I want my money back - just awful ! - have really never seen a worse movie - do n't waste your time .
 Well , I really wanted to like this movie because of the MA star Gina Carano . She steams up the Octagon with her true fighting skills , but unfortunately MA stars have a hard time making the transition to acting . You would think that with Ewan McGregor that the movie would have some real acting to beef up the other poor acting , but , not so much . It 's seemed that the bad acting bug was contagious . The method in which the story line progresses is also bad . I hope that Ms Carano a -RRB- does not come hunt me down for this review and b -RRB- get turned off with this experience -LRB- first movie -RRB- . I would hope she takes some acting lessons and band together with a better director . I would say watch the movie for some eye candy but it 's so bad it 's just not worth it , I would say watch one of her real MA fights instead .
 HAYWIRE was a deeply disappointing movie . Steven Soderbergh has helmed some truly outstanding movies over the year , and when I heard that he was making his own action-thriller with a great cast ... I was pretty pumped.My first hint that this movie might not be great was in his casting of Gina Carano , a well-known MMA star , in the lead . She brought limited acting experience to the film , which Soderbergh essentially crafted for her . This is similar to the way in which he created GIRLFRIEND EXPERIENCE to showcase porn star Sasha Gray in a `` legit '' role . The movie was well-nigh unwatchable , and Gray was okay at best . Carano is also okay at best . She 's supposed to be carrying an entire movie on her shoulders , but through no fault of her own , she is n't much of an actor . She 's got the action moves down , and I certainly believed she could kick the butt of all these male adversaries ... but when required to show emotion , or humor , or determination or any recognizable emotion ... her skills were pretty tiny . Again , Soderbergh apparently saw `` movie star '' in her somewhere and crafted this project for her . I do n't blame her for letting him ... but I also doubt we 'll be seeing her in many lead roles in the near future.HAYWIRE tells the story of a black-ops agent -LRB- Carano -RRB- who has apparently been targeted for elimination by someone she knows as an ally . The movie tells its story out-of-order ... and frankly , I 'm not sure there 's a good reason for that . It makes the story needlessly complicated , yet adds NOTHING to the suspense . We 're essentially going from one fight scene to another , and the plot is so thin and the explanations so sketchy ... all we know is that we should be rooting FOR her and against anyone trying to kill her . I suppose I could have given more effort to sorting out the plot specifics ... but the movie is so murkily filmed and so un-involving from the get-go that I had no impetus for working that hard.I had hoped for a guilty-pleasure film ... but I 'm astonished to say that even a mediocre Jason Statham movie will give you more vicarious action thrills , and will skip the artsy pretense . There is certainly a case to be made for `` artsy '' genre thrillers -LRB- DRIVE springs to mind -RRB- ... but HAYWIRE is just boring . Carano has some pretty high profile co-stars , but their roles are either tiny and undemanding -LRB- Bill Paxton , Michael Douglass , Antonio Banderas -RRB- or the actor can barely muster up any intensity for their role -LRB- Ewan McGregor is bland as Carano 's boss and Michael Fassbender seems vaguely embarrassed to be in the film -RRB- . Channing Tatum generates momentary interest ... but his dialogue is also mush-mouthed at times.It 's tempting to give this film one-star , but I 'll stick with two because if nothing else , the one-on-one fight scenes ring with some authenticity ... people actually seem to get hurt . I think Carano could be a nice small part of a bigger film ... something like THE EXPENDIBLES , perhaps . But she is no star ... no matter how well she kicks a * s.
 I love action movies , and I love spy movies , but I do n't like movies that ca n't decide which one they want to be . *** SPOILERS *** *** SPOILERS *** *** SPOILERS *** At first I thought I was watching the set up for an action movie . Then It went into a spy movie , then it tried to end being an action movie.This movie also tried to be Pulp Fiction where they show the movie happening all out of order , and it was just stupid.Also what was the point ? Why did they want her dead ? On top of that we did n't get to see the ending of the movie . She just dropped on the guy 's patio and he 's all like , `` Oh my god ! '' Then we cut to black . That crap did n't work for the Sopranos , one of the most successful television shows of all time . What the hell made the writer think it would work for this thing that was released in January 2012 ? Also in case you -LRB- my reader -RRB- does n't know , January is where most studios dump their stinkers off because it 's the beginning of the post-holiday slump and historically movie ticket sales are at their worst in that month . *** END SPOILERS *** *** END SPOILERS *** *** END SPOILERS *** If you ask how I would make it better , I would say
 I really like and admire Gina Carrano , and I hate to pan this movie , but the directing and screenplay were both just so painfully bad that honesty compels me to do so . Gina Carrano tried her best , and she gives an entirely credible performance , especially considering her background is that of an MMA cage fighter , not an actress . But Steven Soderbergh was a very poor choice of a director for an action film . The Sitcom is his forte , and he apparently has no understanding of any other genre.The story is the same trite , cliche nonsense we have all seen 100 times before , &#34; secret agent set up and betrayed by her own agency , and now she 's on the run and looking for revenge &#34; . The military uses the term &#34; blivet &#34; to mean 20 pounds of steer manure stuffed into a ten-pound bag , and that 's a good description of this movie .
 OMG ! one of the worst movies Ive ever seen ! Reminded me of those 1980 's B movies they use to do by a company called Golan and Globus . You know the same people who did superman 4 . The fighting scenes are stiff and the story laughable . And the ending really stupid . I promise you that at the end of this flick you will be saying '' is that it , that 's the ending '' ? What a crock !! So do n't buy it cause you will regret it . I still do !
 did not like it at all . the plot was boring . all of the actors did a very terrible job acting .
 The screenplay is very poor , fights are also poorly choreographed . Really you would not find reasons to watch this.Do not get attracted by reputable actors , they are not playing any major roles .
 Stupefied ! Now that all the actors have paid the rent hopefully they can make better action flicks next time . This movie sucked sour grapes . The acting was bad . The plot I 'm still trying to grasp . A Bourne movie it is not . The characters are forgettable . The action is sub-par . And if you can keep up with present day and the flash backs , kudos to you . I 'm still trying to figure out why the people she worked for even felt the need to set her up . Just an all around confusing mash-up of movie styles and acting that did not work well . Not worth the rental price and certainly not worth the price a theater would charge .
 I was going to rent this movie online through Amazon but the reviews mainly stated the movie was horrible . So I decided to save a couple bucks and rented it through Redbox . Geez , I should 've listened to the reviews and not rented it period!I forced myself to watch at least half of the movie before turning it off . The few fight scenes I viewed are so slow , it literally looks as if the actors are saying `` ok now you hit me '' ... `` ok now I kick you '' . The music during the fight scenes make it even more boring . The only thing I can get out of this movie is that Gina is beautiful ... but I could google pics of her for free .
 Such a disappointment with so many good actors involved . Slow moving , confusing and - when you 're done - just a huge let down . Do n't waste your time .
 Did not like it when the music in the movie was louder than the gunfire action . The actress did a lot of walking in this movie . Sometimes the movie draged on with little action and dialogue . Some of the action scenes are ok .
 A stupid movie with bad dialogue , acting , storyline and music . The start of the of movie was good , it had some good fighting scenes and then our main character Mallory Kane somehow enchants a boy to drive away with her in his car . So the story begins here , the boy asks questions about why she 's being attacked . The flashback begins as Mallory Kane explains the story to the boys about her adventures in Europe and how her company double-crossed her . Basically after her story , the boy just leaves the story . There were a lot of chase scenes which i think were just too long and it does n't help that it 's accompanied by cheesy jazz music . The dialogue between characters were just dry and boring and I 'm sorry but the character who play Mallory ca n't act . The action scenes were cool but executed as if they were still in training . We do n't find out who the real bad guys are until near the end of the movie . Mallory has made it her life 's mission to hunt down her boss , Kenneth , after she realized he set her up . But instead of telling us , how she tracked him down , they showed a scene of Kenneth on the beach and Mallory on the side of beach just running up to him to beat the crap out of him . I mean what the hell , how did she find him , where was he , and how did she know he was on the beach . The movie included so many detailed chase scenes in the beginning but when it came to the most important one they just skimped out . If your looking for a spy movie skip this one , it 's just awful .
 The fight scenes were pretty good ... And that 's about the best thing I can say about the movie . Carano does ok in her first film . She has potential but I do n't think the filmmaker actual gave her much of a chance .
 the action was slow , the `` stunts '' were subpar , half the movie was watching someone run , two thumbs down !!! gina does n't belong on a movie screen ! just do n't tell her i said that ...
 I can watch just about anything but I could not handle this . It is not the actors/actress fault . It is everything else , especially the music . Terrible , terrible . I have already written more than this movie deserves . Do yourself a huge favor and ignore this one .
 The storyline was contrived and did not flow properly . Other than the action/fight scenes the movie was not very good .
 This movie is bad . The execution is poor . The characters are shallow/stereotypical . The plot is thin . The script -- quite terrible ! But the heroine ... God finally someone you can root for . Finally a girl you can relate to ! We all loved Mr. and Mrs. Smith , but Angelina is n't credible people . A 90-pounder can not in fact stick it to the bad guys the way this female MiddleWeight can . She 's as thick as the guys she 's supposedly whipping around , and dammit we believe her . For all of the awful factors of this pretty sorry film , watch it for the sturdy chick who takes some Muay Thai meanness to Michael Fassbender . Screw Channing Tatum and how heavy he lands on his crappy lines , watch Gina Carano throw her weight around like a champ . If you 're a feminist , if you like dominant women , or if you just want to enjoy some slightly more believable martial arts -- watch this film . Gina Carano ca n't act for much but she can kick . For those of you that have a desire to believe that women CAN in fact do bad-ass things , pop this in the DVD player and gaze into a piece of empowering imagery.That being said however ... Every good part of this movie is spoiled in the preview . The film trailer is more impressive than the entirety of this sludge . The attempts to make the action realistic make it anticlimactic instead . This does not have the deliciously sharp edge of close-cut Krav Maga sequences like the Bourne Films . This does not have the choppy and brutal realism of Fight Club . The sounds are hollow ; the moves are not so impressive . While the fight scenes are plausible I 'd dare say they left Hollywood out of it -- to their own detriment . I understand not wanting the surrealism of Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon , but the slow-moving dodges of live fighting are n't glamorous when filmed in this manner.In Sum ... Failure .
 Pretty bad - they had this annoying music playing through everything . I can not believe all these start signed up for this movie . Really bad . . just boring and overall a big waste of time .
 Ms. UFC needs to stick to UFC . She 's a HORRIBLE actress from the first 5 minutes and throughout the movie . The action sequences are simple , and the movie overall has a low-budget appearance.I love action movies , sometimes I love cheap cheesy action movies , but this one was a drag through and through . The plot is easily guessed , and barely moves you along from one mediocre action sequence to the next.Save your time and effort and go for something else . Actually , almost anything else
 The preview looked good but the actual movie is so lacking . I was quite disappointed with the whole movie . Actions were slow and not a lot . Script was so-so and nothing special .
 every now and then , critics gang up on a movie , a book , a play of highest quality , and condemn it , or lowest , and praise it up likewise , as an unbreakable phalanx , and in direct contradiction of popular opinion . they do this in order to sustain their authority . after all , if they are always concurring with plebians , then who needs critics ? this is not one of those times . i suggest as an alternate selection safe house ... ciao .
 Was sucked in to see this movie by a decent preview . What a terrible mistake . I am not a UFC fan but I am a fan of strong female characters so I think I can give a less agenda-driven opinion on this movie.The main character could barely act , the famous actors in this film were terrible , the story was not complicated but the director kept flashing back to make it appear more complicated , the fight scenes were totally unrealistic -LRB- except for one -RRB- , the lighting was lousy , minutes spent watching the main character walk through the streets or meander over the roof -LRB- ???? -RRB- , totally uncreative swipes between scenes ... I could go on but I think I 've wasted enough of my life on this piece of junk.Unless you 're an unwavering disciple of this director or a cheerleader for this untalented female fighter , your chances of really enjoying this movie are slim to none .
 This movie sucks , simple as that . It 's boring as all heck , and I was n't even paying full attention to it . I would have left the theater screaming if I 'd paid $ 12 to see this crap . Do n't let the hype fool you ; I have NO IDEA why everyone was looking forward to this film .
 I can see where they were trying to go with this one but it just never made it . Just go watch The Limey instead . . way better than this ...
 Great cast , great acting , horrible script HORRIBLE directing . If u can get past the first 50 min its tolerable . I regret the 7 bucks I paid to see this the previws looked amazing ! But , I was mistaken.Please listen to me and ATLEAT rent it before you buy it !!
 This is Soderbegh in poor form . Soderbergh basically has taken a mainstream genre formula and given it an independent school of filmmaking . The hybrid of these two sensibilities do n't gel that succesfully together . The shoot-outs are poorly staged and have no genuine intensity . Carano has no acting experience and it badly shows . She 's convincing in the fight scenes and that 's about it . Surrounded by high-class actors in this film helps overcome Carano 's shortcomings with her stilted performance . Soderbergh likes using digital cameras to film his movies . I hate digital film as there 's a flatness and coldness to the film . Some scenes have poor pictorial composition and it shows badly . There 's just no intensity and genuine suspense in the chase through back-alleys and rooftops of Dublin . When one see 's what Philip Noyce did for Angelina Jolie in SALT that 's a director at the height of his game . HAYWIRE is extremly formulaic and routine . The extraction set-piece in Barcelona should have been bravado filmmaking but Soderbergh chooses to shoot the entire set-piece in silence and muted noise which would irritate mainstream audiences seeking huge thrills . The last 15 minutes of this film sinks even lower in mediocrity where it becomes nothing more then a below-par-cable movie . People looking for the female Jason Bourne will be disappointed with this film as the premise had great potential for something explosive with a more daring director . After watching HAYWIRE it 's a good thing Soderbergh wo n't be directing THE MAN FROM UNCLE MOVIE !
 This movie failed in every aspect of film making . The acting is poorly done and the soundtrack feels like leftover sound bites from Oceans Eleven . The story was a good idea that never really executes on the screen . Save your money and see something better .
 This is a ridiculous excuse for a movie . Watch the trailer ; you got it . No reason to torture yourself .
 A very disappointing and boring movie . Especially the first half , the pace is too slow for audience to care . And the flashback narrative makes the story chaotic and draw-out . For all your people out there who want to watch Gina Carano , there are not many fighting scenes in the movie . That did make me wonder why they cast her in the first place . The movie was only in my local theater for one week , so I have to spend $ 7 on train in addition to the movie ticket . After I finished watching , I understood why it made so little money at boxoffce.The casts are talented , but that does n't make the movie much more watchable since they were n't given much to do.Bottom line is , ordinary people wo n't enjoy this movie , and neither will most extraordinary people .
 Yes , I did see the movie , on demand . It was atrociously boring for the first 45 minutes . The lead actress does a good job in her role , but everyone else is expendable and brings nothing to the table.The real issue is that this movie is a terrible rip-off of the exciting , action-packed Angelina Jolie flick `` Salt . '' That movie was fast-paced , had a lot going on , and every actor delivered greatly . This movie is the exact opposite . The makers of `` Haywire '' should be sued for literally stealing exact scenes , which include the accused woman trying to get out of the main building.Their working on a script to `` Salt 2 '' right now , just wait for it 's release-don ' t do we I did and watch this garbage to suffice .
 This film unfairly cast some allure due to the expansive supporting cast and director . While it was entertaining , in a sense , to see so many favorite actors age ; that was n't the reason I purchased the film . I purchased the film expecting to enjoy a B + movie with some satisfying direction and a good supporting cast rooting around in a film written by Lem Dobbs who actually has n't written anything worthwhile since the `` Score '' 10 years ago -LRB- hence the B + -RRB- . I also lulled myself into thinking that Steven Soderbergh may have had some real influence in the film besides subsequently whiling away his time boring me with 5 minutes of Gina Carano running around in the film . Yes she can run . Yes , she can beat up guys . But can she act ? Poorly directed , poorly written and the poorest acting by the `` star '' ; I can only recommend this film to ... no one ! I spent my evening apologizing to my girlfriend and hey !? ... is Steven Soderbergh dating Gina Carano ?
 I am an avid action movie fan . This movie was terrible . I am also a lifelong martial artist . The fight scenes were weak . Do n't wait for netflix or redbox or whatever you use , just forget about it .
 I missed this while it was in theaters , so I was looking forward to seein it once it got to blu ray.boy I wish I skipped it.very boring and the story is all over the place.if you need to watch it , atleast wait for it to be 1.99 to rent it
 Basically , Gina should stick to fighting or modeling . Horrible plot , horrible acting , horrible directing . It has this rediculous 70s beat music throughout the whole movie , i dont know why ? maybe to make the sound editing easier . I am amazed that Michael Douglas , antonio Banderas , and Obi wan Kenobi , and even the guy from the last xmen was in it . Real popular guys , such a chesse ball movie . Maybe sghe take some acting lessons and get a better director next time . I tried to watch the whole thing twice , i couldnt do it .
 This movie was so awful that I could n't even finish it after starting and stopping 3 different times . Do not recommend .
 Despite the poor reviews , I thought i 'd give the film a chance , mainly due to the all star cast . I was so wrong.The acting was mediocre at best , the dialogue was overly simplified , the plot was all over the place , and worst of all , the constant cutting to different angles in generally unimportant scenes was irritating . I wish i could get my money back .
 LOL ! It 's really not funny cause i wasted 4 buck on it ! But , it was poorly written and directed ! I ca n't beleive Micheal Douglas and Antonio Banderas were in it , OMG ! really lousy movie , Plese Do n't rent it or buy it ! With the actors and even Gina Corono in it , it could have been a decent movie . If it had a better director , story line and budget ! i really beleive that ! But i rented this movie and watched 10 min of it and erased it , it was terrible ! Save ur money , Please ! I think Gina can make a decent movie and be in the likes of Van Dam or Segal ! But she needs Direction and money for the film ! someone please help her make a decent movie , i would pay for a better movie , but this one just plain sucked !!!!
 Boring , music weird , awful , story line haywire , Truly bad except for a couple scenes.Entire movie a dud ! Will put you to sleep .
 Not worth the $ 4 i just spent to watch it on Amazon . The film aspects were interesting but the acting was bad and the action sequences were even worse . not worth your time or mine which is a shame because i do think Carino is hot .
 I like how Soderbergh will alternate between making big-budget popcorn flicks with low-budget experiments . It 's nice to see a director trying to expand beyond his usual oeuvre , although that also means there 's bound to be more than a few misfires . In fact , the last off-beat Soderbergh I saw that I liked was BUBBLE . The rest have been , well , good for him for trying is the point.Don ' t let the big names in HAYWIRE fool you . Everyone here -- Michael Douglas , Ewan MacGregor , Antonio Banderas , Bill Paxton -- these people are the A-list powder sugar dusting on what is essentially Soderbergh filming Gina Carano beating people up for an hour and a half . If you do n't know who Carano is , neither do I , and I did n't like this movie enough to look her up . I have heard that she was some kind of martial arts wunderkind , which is evident in the film . The fight choreography is a lot of fun without being cartoonish . There 's also quite a bit of it.When Carano is n't fighting , she 's trying very hard to convey emotions with what I have decided are paralytic good looks . I can not tell if she chose to sublimate every one of her character 's feelings under the same cold facade -LRB- if so , lazy and boring choice -RRB- or if she -- being new to film -- was afraid to look anything but her best in the movie , and so she always has the exact same sexy half-smirk in every scene . It 's like the girl you know who does the duckface in every photo because she thinks its the only way she can take a good photo . Of course , maybe Carano just does n't really know how to act , and the look on her face is muted confusion.The story might be partly to blame for that . Characters toss out vague references to being spies and such , and there 's dozens of references to foreign places as if they were events . `` Did he tell you about Barcelona ? I 'll never forget Dublin ! Do n't tell me you were behind Madrid ! '' The meat and potatoes of the plot work in the same overly general way . It 's hard to understand much of what 's going on , and when all is made -LRB- somewhat -RRB- clear , it turns out to be your basic spy-by-numbers plot . Even more disappointing than that is that the final revelations are made in true , clunky , B-movie style by having one character explain everything in a drawn-out monologue.The weirdest example of this happens near the very beginning , when Carano steals a man 's car , but then politely tells him all about her jaded history as a private spy before crashing the car into Act Two . It 's never fully explained why she sweetly reveals everything to this total stranger -- maybe he was supposed to go to the cops with his second-hand info from a wanted criminal ? -- and when the topic is brushed over , it 's dismissed without fanfare . Because who cares , right ? Character actions and motivations be dammed ! What people really want is Carano beating the snot out of Michael Fassbender for ten minutes.Well , I did n't want that . Soderbergh apparently did . If you do , too , then you might enjoy this film . If you 're looking for someone to tell you a story with something other than their fists , though , you might want to look elsewhere
 Lame and hard to follow due to the slow pace . I found myself wanting to clean the house instead of finishing this movie .
 Please forgive me , I am writing this review and did not finish the movie . -LRB- hint hint -RRB- The action was weak and the plot did not go anywhere . A good plot should create movement and direction , and this movie just seemed to be floating around aimlessly.For example , there was a scene that started at 44:12 and Carano was walking down the street watching a guy who was following her , at 46:15 -LRB- 2 minutes later -RRB- she started to run , and 47:56 -LRB- almost another 2 minutes -RRB- she got into a taxi and drove away . < End scene > And that is pretty much the way the movie moves.Again , sorry I am writing a review of a movie I did not finish .
 I placed the order on 14 Sep 2012 and the shipment didnt send until today I want to know why
 Very little action with lots of long boring parts in between . Seems like they tried to make it artistic with the filming and music but did n't work for me . The lack of plot and action was disappointing . I expected better with some of the actors that were in this movie . Much better action movies out there .
 The only redeeming quality of this movie is Michael Fassbender -- and he 's killed off pretty quickly . It tried to be savvy and came off as cheesy instead . Do n't waste your time .
 The best scenes were shown in the trailer.For a movie with some big name actors , the cinematography and dialogue made the movie awful.Often times , it felt like the movie was low budget and just used one camera and shot from one angle way too long.A decision was made to shoot the fight scenes from a distance . Why ? So we can see the sunset on the beach?Too bad - it could have been better.I wished Gina 's character was as smooth as Matt Damon 's character in the Bourne Identity series.Her fight scenes were outstanding .
 The preview is better than the movie . Fighting scenes were the best part of the movie ... everything in between was very boring .
 Gina 's acting was surprisingly good for her first movie and of course she is gorgeous . Her fight scenes were actually good -LRB- I hate the silly fake kung fu fight scenes in most movies -RRB- and realistic . The long drawn out scenes with music and no talking ; really who thought that was a good idea ? The plot was horrible because there was none . To be honest , the movie put me to sleep . It could have been good but Gina was handed a crap story line for her first film . The best thing about this movie was Gina , the worst thing about this movie was the movie .
 What a waste of big name talent in supporting roles . The lead actress was n't even big name -LRB- nor will she ever be -RRB- and she was just awful . Poor acting , Poor script , poor dialog , all-round disappointing . Even the fight scenes did n't look real . The actors looked like they were just practicing their choreography in the fight scenes . You could actually see them move into position to take a hit . I knew after the first totally unbelievable scene the whole movie would be bad but watched the whole thing anyway . The film jumps all over the place without making it clear why , and drops characters without explanation shortly after they are inserted into the plot.My copy had subtitles I could n't get rid of , but they came in handy when I realized half the dialog was mumbled . Glad I got it from the library , because I would have felt bad even paying $ 1 at Redbox for this . This film looked like it was written and made by a first year film student , not seasoned professionals .
 The story had somewhat of a plot ; however , it 's quickly killed by the slowness of the movie , the ackwardness of the dialogue , and for some reason -LRB- which I have never in my life seen this other than cheap porn movies -RRB- the sound track was so out of place , so unmatched to the scenes that it really completely killed the movie . Now , all not is bad , the fight scenes were good ... the MMA background really shows , Her acting was n't bad for a beginner -LRB- call it first movie gitters -RRB- , and I guess the producers figured out that the movie could sell and keep most of the male attention by getting and incredibly sexy woman to kick a $ $ and take names while at it ... Well it worked , but not for long . If you really had nothing to do one day , and are just vegging out on the couch and the remote happens to be right by your hand , aaaand the movie is either on tv or already loaded in whatever device you have ... . then watch it , other than that dont go out of your way to see it .
 Gina 's acting was good but the movie itself was terrible . Atmosphere felt like a B movie at best . Action scenes are few and far between ; weak dialogue and the movie plot barely held my interest . Would not recommend .
 When I first saw the previews for this movie , I really thought it would be good . Within 10 minutes of watching it I wanted to stop it and never watch it again . I am deeply disappointed in this movie . I love action movies , but this one reeked of a b-rated movie . The fight scenes were awesome , but there was something definitely missing in this movie .
 Crappy plot . Horrible acting.I ca n't say that I had high hopes for this flick , but man ... Alan Smithee would n't put his name on this crap.I was excited when I saw the all-star cast , but the excitement ended there . If I had to choose a highlight it would be the uber realistic fight scenes . Gina C. definitely made up for some horrid acting with some kick ass ass kicking.If you 're like me you 'll probably watch this regardless of the bad review , but trust me ... your time will be better spent planking .
 I wanted to like this movie . Unfortunately , I ca n't recommend seeing it.The Bad
 Do n't waste your time . Horrible ending and horrible throughout . A very boring movie with not alot of action . Not even worth a dollar at a Redbox
 This additive is best , but the movie is suck , , , , , , , I 'm hate it , never buy movie like this s *** again , thanks tu doan
 What a waste of time and money ! Certainly not in the class of Soderbergh movies I have previously experienced . In fact I still find it difficult to believe that he actually directed this film . Why do I watch a movie ? To be entertained . This was not entertainment in any shape or form . It was patchy , it relied on confusing `` flash backs '' and apart from the few short fight scenes , it was totally boring . Certainly not what the preview would have us believe . I do not doubt Gina Carano 's MMA credentials , but after watching this I sure do doubt her acting credentials . Looking pretty -LRB- even after having been beaten up -RRB- does not an actor make . Perhaps the bigger name actors -LRB- Douglas and Banderos -RRB- were added to try and give the movie some credibility . If that were the case , it failed.Another reviewer stated that he watched the movie the whole way through in the hope that it may get better -LRB- which apparently did not happen -RRB- . I managed to get about half way through it and just knew that it was never going to get better . But hey , this is just my opinion . There may be some who find the movie appealing . If you do , great . Just do n't hold your breath waiting for it to happen .
 this was 1 of the worse movies i have ever seen . so sad and people dont have money to waste these days.so please dont waste your money please . it was long and slow nothing like it reads at all an dont be fooled by the cover it was just a couple of fight sceans and i did not know what to make of the ending .
 Terrible movie . The plot was non existent and the acting was horrible . Just when I thought it could n't get any worse , Bill Paxton showed up .
 Screenplay = incomprehensible and generally awful , fight sequences = TV wrestling level choreographed , actors = wasted . Could n't believe that Steven Soderbergh put this turkey together . Even for the most ardent action fans , this bomb can be safely skipped .
 I had seen the trailer for this movie and thought it looked rather compelling , so I was eager to rent it when it became available in the local Red Box rental machine . Before I had actually watched it , my daughter saw the DVD and mentioned that she had seen the movie in the theater and that it was disappointing . I told her about the trailer , and she said it contained the best two minutes of the entire movie . It turns out her assessment was entirely accurate.I had a sneaking suspicion that the movie was going to be a total dud after viewing it for only about five minutes . The longer I watched it , the more my suspicion was confirmed . This movie is the kind you keep watching because you hope it 's going to pick up its pace , but that never happened . I finally just shut the movie off after about 50 minutes . Even though there were only about 40 minutes remaining , and even though I could have invested the remaining time to at least see how things ended , I just did n't care anymore . It was really that bad.To give you an idea of the movie 's content , the movie opens with a scene in a diner where Mallory Kane -LRB- Gina Carano -RRB- and Aaron -LRB- Channing Tatum -RRB- end up fighting . Aaron is totally pummeling the hell out of Mallory , but in a manner taken straight out of the old Channel 47 wrestling matches of the 1970s , even though Mallory should have been knocked out -LRB- or killed -RRB- several times , there is a miraculous reversal in the action , and she ends up dominating Aaron and subduing him . What then follows are 40 minutes of slow-moving scenes , pointless filler , flash-backs that seem like they might be from a different movie or storyline , bland dialogue , and a totally awful soundtrack . There is eventually another fight scene between Mallory and Paul -LRB- Michael Fassbender -RRB- , and it 's the same I-almost-kill-you-but-you-miraculously-manage-to-turn-the-tables kind of fight . It was just ridiculous , and it utterly strained credulity.Even though there are some big names in this movie , it just is n't worth your time , and it certainly is n't worth your money . If you feel compelled to see it , do yourself a favor and rent it first to see what I mean . I am usually pretty forgiving when watching movies , and I am willing to forgo things like character development and plot for good special effects and action , but this movie can not claim credit for any of these things . It is utterly beyond me to understand how some people have posted 4 - and 5-star reviews for this film . Their standards must be exceedingly low .
 -LRB- 1 . -RRB- Most of the movie did n't make any sense and it required the final scenes to piece it all together . The `` Let 's make it jump all over the place confusing . '' technique is to show how intelligent the writer and director are while keeping the audience guessing about what 's going on for as long as possible . Poorly thought out e.g. in the beginning she 's does n't take or disable her pursuer 's car so that he ca n't chase her but grab 's some stranger and his car . The rest of the movie was typical Hollywood actors making dumb decisions courtesy of writers who lead sheltered lives . -LRB- 2 . -RRB- Production
 This movie got a fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes , but I think the fix was in . I can hardly express what a waste of time watching this movie is . It 's dark , morbid , jumpy , uninspired , cliche ... You name it . The characters are likable , inspiring , or believable .
 wow , what a tremendous waste of time . do n't let the a list cast fool you this is as bad as it gets all the way around .
 Boring , 70s porn music , endless scenes of walking , BORING ! I was expecting more action here , waste of a MMA fighter . Soderbergh is clearly just phoning it in here .
 There are spoilers ... That 's the theme of the movie , something happened in Barcelona . No one seems to know what happened but everyone wants to know . I 'll tell you what happened in Barcelona , she did n't like loose ends . Which of course means she 'll chase someone for about 15 minutes through the streets of Spain , after being shot at by said person , all so she can hit him a few times and leave him alive . In the end she tells her team mates who ask , ` where 'd you go ? ' , that she does n't like loose ends ... Cause when I think of tieing up loose ends , I 'm talking about punching someone a couple times then walking away after they took me on a 15 minute chase ... Fail.So much more but I wo n't ruin the rest in case someone wants to watch it for an action flick . If it was intended to be a cheesey comedy with a little action , then it was ... acceptable ... But a rock your sox off action flick of epic proportions ... no .
 Hmmm . Well , I liked the concept , at least . Unfortunately , I was n't impressed with much else.Okay , perhaps that sounds unduly dismissive . It 's not all bad . There are a couple of nice moments of action ; and the cast - at least in concept - is good . Gina Carano acquits herself respectably . The role does not require great acting of her -LRB- and is therefore likely a good first film role , one on which she can cut her acting teeth -RRB- , and she is more than able to handle the physical demands that the role requires . In that sense , she is the best performer in this movie.But as for the rest ... Sigh . The film is nominally director Steven Soderbergh 's stab at genre storytelling . Not a bad thought - at least not initially . I like genre storytelling , and action movies ; and if you happen to make a noir-infused action movie , all the better . -LRB- Soderbergh seems to have been striving for the latter here . -RRB- Better yet - in theory , again - Soderbergh is n't a stranger to genre moviemaking . The Ocean 's films , after all , are essentially glossed-up heist movies , and I enjoyed them to varying degrees.But this film does n't work . A good action film - even a slow-burn , noir-ish , ` thinking persons ' actioner like this one wants to be - should have a palpable sense of forward momentum . Alas , this film never seems to build any . Aside from Carano , the performances have a certain laziness to them ; actors like Michael Douglas and Ewan McGregor sleepwalk through their roles . Only Antonio Banderas seems to have any spark , but even then I 'm not sure that it was n't simply the same glimmer of charm that he always has.Finally , a caveat
 I was very anxious to see this movie . Less than 5 minutes into the movie , the excitement came to a screeching halt . I tried to be optimistic by finding something worthwhile about the movie as it dragged on . That effort was futile.Horrible movie for so many reasons . Difficult to choose a place to start . This movie is so bad it makes real B Movies look like Oscar winners . The filming and the color indoors ... yikes !!! Almost all of the video shot in a room , had a strong yellow color cast . That should have been color corrected during post production . Bad photography all around . I have personally seen better recorded video on smart phones!The actress is an MMA superstar ?!?!?! Really ?!?!?! Maybe she can prove that , if she is ever cast in another movie . She got the stuffing knocked out of her in this flick . Was not fun to watch . She barely won the handful of fights she was in.And endings ... this is one of those movies that has a very disappointing ending.This movie should have been titled
 On a scale of 1 to 10 I would give this movie a 1 , but only because I could n't give it a 0 . The plot is so slow and boring that I had to fast forward over 95 % of it at 4X speed to keep from falling asleep . And even at that I could n't take it anymore about halfway through and ejected the DVD so I could watch a rerun of Gunsmoke.Gina is hot , but her fight scenes mainly consist of her getting jumped from behind and getting beat up . She ultimately prevails with some ground submission thing out of Gracie jujitsu which is inconsistent with the rest of the fight.The other action scenes mainly consist of her running away from someone.I do n't know if the second half of the movie is any better , but I did n't want to fast forward through it long enough to find out .
 Lost in the beginning , lost in the middle , figured it out in the end , But what saves the movie is the pretty women with the nice rack ! lol
 I feel I have pretty low expectations for being entertained by movies liking many that others find `` boring '' , but this one was just uninteresting . I found myself wanting to turn it off after the first 30mins , but decided to sit through it and found myself just picking it apart instead of being entertained ... Just a poor re-enactment of an over used plot .
 I 'm an action movie lover from way back and my wife normally tells me the movies I say were not that bad were in fact really bad . So when I say this movie is really boring I mean it was REALLY boring . It is only the 3rd movie in my life that put me to sleep . Not once , because I gave it the benefit of the doubt that I may have been more tired than I thought and tried watching it again when I woke up at 12:30 am -LRB- I usually go to bed around 2am but fell asleep at 10pm watching this film -RRB- and ended up falling asleep again and sleeping on the couch all night . I had rented it but I may purchase it now just for nights when I ca n't seem to fall asleep as this movie is better than medication .
 When I saw the preview for this I could not wait for it to come out . Then I figured it did poorly at the theatre due to bad timing . But that was not the case.It has poor flashbacks , poor casting -LRB- other than 2 people -RRB- and where is the music , romance or any kind of enemy to hate?She is one dimensional -LRB- she can fight -RRB- . In similar movies , An equally matched adversary or specialist is sent to take down the star of the movie . In Haywire the audience sees that the attacker -LRB- aka enemy -RRB- is not a specialist at all . Matter of fact Mallory -LRB- played by Gina Carano -RRB- actually replies , `` They sent you ? '' . And I know what she meant after the ending credits.The Casting Director did not do a good job . Other than Gina Carano and Michael Douglas you have a bunch of bad selections.Its a Jason Bourne type formula that was poorly executed . She 's made for these types of movies and its time for a female version of Jason Bourne .
 this is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen , I wish I could get a refund , it 's incredibly boring , & you notice that gina is n't sexy , she 's actually unattractive , but in the trailer they showed you the clips where she looks her best ... but throughout the movie she looks butch , & back to the movie it is very slow/methodical from start to finish ...
 This movie is really lousy and is not worth paying full price . I 'm not even sure I 'd recommend that you pay 99 cents when it goes on sale , but if you really need to see it for yourself , I 'd say be patient and wait until it goes on sale , at least you wo n't be as disappointed as I am.I admit , I 've never even heard of this film or this new action star Gina Carano before I stumbled across this title in the Amazon lineup today . And if you did n't know about any previous reviews , which I did n't , yet wish that I did ... well , the trailer makes it seem like it will be an exciting action film . Unfortunately , the trailer severely misrepresents the film . It 's very slow to start , and the action sequences are few and far between . Now , in a film with a better story , and better acting , well , that would not necessarily be too bad , however , this new action star can not act to save her life and the story is weak . She can fight , she 's got a pretty face and a sultry voice , I will give her that , but that is not enough to make a good actress nor is it enough to make this film even remotely entertaining . Carano basically has two expressions throughout the entire film , which are - the determined to catch my guy and kick his ass face , and the slight smile , annoying biting her lip face which she does way too often to make it cute . She also stumbled on some lines a bit , which they actually allowed to remain in the film , and I can only think they allowed it to remain because she probably botched the line so many times that they just gave up so as not to waste any more time or film.To make matters worse , they put this newbie in a cast with top actors like Douglas , Banderas and McGregor which makes her horrendous acting stand out all the more . I 'm not meaning to be harsh here , but to explain it best just how bad her acting is , well ... I 've seen made for the Sci-Fi channel B movies with better acting , and that is not really saying much . She really needs to take some classes before doing her next film , and if she already has had a small bit of drama lessons , she needs to look into a better acting school .
 Bought the movie because I was taken in by the stellar cast . Do not make the same mistake , ever !! The movie moved along at a torturously slow pace and is a good cure for insomnia . Even the soundtrack and sound effects are muffled n obviously third rate . If u must get this movie , save some money n get the DVD . The bluray is not HD and is so blurry I had to check the box to make sure I had not inserted a DVD by mistake.Still wondering why established actors will get themselves involved in such a pathetic excuse for a movie.One of the worst movies on bluray I have purchased in the last 3 years . YUCKS !
 This is my first review not of either the DVD or DVD on BluRay ; just a pay per view film . One of the worst action films I have ever seen . There are many fight scenes but they all appear incredibly choreographed and highly unrealistic . I know that all fight scenes in all movies are choreographed but in Haywire , you can almost imagine the actors whispering to each other , ` Okay , take a left swing here ; I 'll duck and throw an elbow there '' The storyline was a bit confusing but worst of all , none of the characters had character . In any good movie , the villain and the hero or heroin are people you are either rooting for or against . They make you feel something . The characters in Haywire make you feel nothing but wanting to look at your watch to see how much more there is left in the film so you can put something else good on . Michael Douglas and other stars are phoning in their performances for a paycheck and they phone pretty well . It 's just that there is nothing in this very low budget movie that creates any real tension or sympathy for anyone . It appears that most of the interior shots were all roughly in the same local , exteriors as well . I wonder how much this film actually took to make . If someone gave me the film on Blu Ray , I 'd give it away.If you have not seen this , do n't bother.Hopefully , this review has been of help and , if so , please check the ` Helpful ' button so I know I am on the correct path with my reviews for you . Thanks .
 Prolific director Steven Soderbergh has made so many great movies - `` Sex , Lies , and Videotape , '' `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Traffic '' and more - and a few bad ones . Whatever he makes , he brings in something new into the material , and `` Haywire '' is no exception . It is stylishly shot . It avoids loud music and big effects . It has some authentic martial arts action stunts . It has a mouth-watering cast that includes Michael Angarano , Antonio Banderas , Michael Douglas , Michael Fassbender , Mathieu Kassovitz , Ewan McGregor , Bill Paxton and Channing Tatum . And it is boring . Yes , `` Haywire '' has styles , but that does n't mean it is a great movie . `` Haywire '' is about a vengeful black ops agent Mallory Kane played by Gina Carano . This is basically an action movie template that is used differently . The lead is Mallory , a strong female agent . The car chase ends up in an unexpected fashion . The rooftop chase sequence unfolds more slowly -LRB- and realistically -RRB- than those of usual Hollywood blockbusters . I see the point . Still I must say the film is dull.For the film 's story goes nowhere . Directed by Steven Soderbergh , whose penchant for experimental film techniques is well known among filmgoers , `` Haywire '' goes back and forth in time , showing bits of action here and there , giving us clues as to what happened and is happening . The unique narrative method of deconstructed storyline , that was effectively used in `` The Prestige , '' does not work in `` Haywire , '' of which script is made up of a hackneyed origin story and recycled ideas.Another disappointing thing about `` Haywire '' is the heroine Mallory Kane herself . Gina Carano can do action -LRB- as seen in the film 's thrilling martial arts combat scenes -RRB- , to be sure , but her acting needs to be worked on.It is reported that the director wanted to create `` a Pam Grier movie made by Alfred Hitchcock . '' Well , I see what the director is trying to do , reinventing the espionage-action genre , but Pam Grier has never been dull , and neither is Alfred Hitchcock , master of suspense whose stylish touch never bored us .
 Once again we must ask how a cast as fine as the one assembled for this mess of a movie signed on to be associated with it . Surely there must be a reason because if they had read the script -LRB- which could have been more than two or three pages of lines in length ! -RRB- they would have seen that there is no plot to speak of - just a series of poorly executed incidents , each they response to a newly identified character whose background is so ignored that we are left without a clue as to how the characters are interrelated . Lem Dobbs is credited as ` writer ' and the big surprise is that this is a product of Steven Soderbergh 's direction.The plot is summarized as follows
 You might expect that the problem would be the non-actor , non-star , non-Hollywood Gina Carano . After all , the rest of the project is packed with veteran actors and a genius director.You would be wrong . Carano is a credible actress with charisma , sex appeal , and unusual beauty . Plus , she kicks ass . She is the only reason to watch this terrible movie.The plot is shopworn , the dialog trite , the direction lifeless . Even Irish and Spanish locales seem to be chosen randomly . A couple of fight scenes are okay though not inventive.Only Gina Carano is worth seeing . Let 's hope this is not her only feature , and that next time she gets a proper showcase .
 The last time I saw somebody in a movie I figured would be a handful in a real fight was Seagal in Above The Law . Hard to believe that 's nearly 25 years ago ... but about 45 minutes into this movie -LRB- when it began to be worth watching -RRB- , I thought the Mallory -LRB- Carano -RRB- Kane character could be Nico -LRB- Seagal -RRB- Toscani 's daughter ! They 're both large , tough , know how to fight , wear black , are basically mono-syllabic and have two facial expressions yet are perfect in the bad good-guy roles . Steven is past his prime , but Carano is up-and-coming and this should have been a martial arts break through movie for her . The problem for me , was until the `` date '' I did n't know or care what was going on . But beginning with the hotel room fight , which was excellent , and although I still did n't know what was going on , I got interested . I also had the `` Daughter-of-Seagal '' flash and enjoyed the rest of the movie until the stupid ending . If Soderbergh knew how to make an action flick -LRB- he actually did n't give Banderas anything to do -RRB- , he 'd of had a winner on his hands . Instead we got a `` two star '' movie with a glimpse of what Gina Carano would be capable of given the right vehicle . I 'd say , have an experienced action movie director cast Seagal as ` captured ' somewhere and his daughter , Carano , come to his ` rescue . ' That 'd be worth two boxes of popcorn and might even resurrect Steven .
 This is almost as pathetic as striptease . Awful acting . Awful everything . Even the ` martial arts ' are galatically bad and poorly choreographed . Rent an episode of sesame street instead .
 The acting in this movie could not have possibly been any worse . Wow . I was n't even sober and it still was terrible ! Stay away !
 Well that was two hours I 'll never get back . Plot never came together and Michael Douglas & Bill Paxton seem to just be thrown into plot for star power . Action scenes were lame . Yeah she can kick box but her acting was forced . Funny there 's a photo of her on cover shooting tow guns at once . I think I saw her shoot one gun maybe one time during movie . Do n't waste your time and I ca n't believe anyone said this was a good movie . It belongs in the garbage .
 just not enjoyable at all . alot of scenes could have been shortened , so much long silences . only thing that was descent was the fighting , but even thaT looked too choreographed . and i just didnt believe her as an actress . best she sticks to MMA .
 It could of been so much better if the action scenes where faster pace . The plot is n't all there either . Was n't impressed .
 This movie was a real disappointment . There were so many terrific actors in it that it should have been better . Unfortunately , the primary character , was not one of those actors . The plot was underdeveloped , the main character unlikeable , and it seemed to go on forever .
 Given the amount of A-List talent in this film , it 's surprising how bad it is.Contrary to what others have said , it 's not Carano 's acting ability that 's at fault ; she 's not a stuper-star , but she was competent enough.It was n't the music , either , though admittedly , it was pretty bad.No , it was the script 's fault , primarily , followed by the directing . The film just did n't have much of a story to tell
 Knew nothing about this flick but wanted action . WELL , got action in the way of punch and kick and apparently action lady , woman , person , is real martial artist -LRB- did not know -RRB- and so action scenes are good BUT plot is a tangled mess . Great scenery and loved the soundtrack and editing as it crisp but gave up on trying to figure out who doing what to whom and why . Would really have liked a sort of Jamie -LRB- woman -RRB- Bond and woman in this could have carried that off . If you want to watch this , watch and play on the computer at same time and you will miss nothing ,
 Let this be a lesson - do n't look at the number of stars , read the reviews . With the number of big name actors , how could this movie be so blah ? About the only positive point I can make is that the unarmed fight scenes looked realistic .
 The fight scenes were realistic , but short compared to the time they spent filming her run after bad guys or the really long time she spent getting away from the police in the first chase with little to no action.The movie should of been titled `` The Running Girl '' . The music was awful as well , presumably in an effort to make up for the lack of dialogue and the main characters extremely bad acting skills.With the number of `` A '' list actors in the cast , the movie should of been a lot better , but they appeared to sleep walk through the thing .
 I have to admit , i watch more movies then a socially acceptable person should . So when i saw the previews for this action/thriller i knew i would have to see it . What a waste of 10 bucks ... . The only memorable part -LRB- and it is only memorable to me cause i laughed so hard -RRB- is the L.E.O part . The rest of the movie was over shadowed my how completely bad the main actress -LRB- quite possibly could be an actor , the verdict is still out -RRB- is through out the entire film . The fight sceens are pretty good , but they way they filmed it makes it look staged . But hey , what do I know . If you think this movie looks like your cup of tea , i incourage you to give it a sip . Its all about a persons point of view .
 Unfortunately i was super excited to go see this movie in theaters , and was super disappointed . they used the music from ocean 's 11 to mission impossible action . and it was silent during some fight scenes . good parts completely given away in trailers . the actors were fine , some of my favorites to this day , i would even like to see the break-thru-female lead in more action films , but the direction of this film was a snore . the story could have been told much better . you could have added another hour of filming to the story and cut out the parts that you snooze through . just very disappointing all around .
 I want my two hours back ! The only redeeming quality was the fight scenes . If they removed the horribly bad seventies soundtrack , the lame plot and bad acting , it might have been an ok movie .
 Maybe is was the unnecessary scenes featuring the main character being pummeled by men , or perhaps it was the ridiculous dialogue that did nothing to advance the film in any way , but Steven Soderbergh -LRB- director of Contagion -RRB- move featuring Gina Carano -LRB- MMA Star -RRB- did n't quite do it for me . The movie has its moments , but its few and far between . It mostly looks like a long music video and sounds like a home movie but does n't have any of the symbolism or charm of neither . The plot is there just to make people fight each other and the choreography does n't take full advantage of the star 's abilities . Characters are introduced for no reason , I 'm not sure of many of the character 's motivations , and the ending is corny and baffling.On the other hand , Nina is probably the most believable female action star I 've seen in a while -LRB- I am sure she can whoop my behind easily -RRB- . She 's not the typical 85 pound model KOing baddies with a right cross . A few times she does use jiujitsu and leg kicks that have made her infamous in the MMA world . Antonio Banderas phones in another performance but still manages to steal every scene he 's in -- but then again it 's not like he has much competition . The real winner is Amazon for charging me $ 5 for the garbage .
 It did n't have the action in it that I was hoping for the story was lame you knew how it was going to end from the start . That would n't necessarily be a bad thing if there were good graphics or interesting martial arts but none of that happened . This film did nothing for me . I gave it 2 stars because I did finish watching it but that is the only reason .
 Show ts not the kibd of story I like . Story line not as likeable as I thoght it would be . Nothing enjoyable about what I thought it was . Not what I thought it was .
 Rarely write a review . It 's bad do n't waste you time . Main actress good at action scenes bad at acting . plot line weak .
 SOOOO glad I waited till it was down to $ .99 . Guess all the money went to the cameo actors , Douglas , Paxton , McGregor , Banderas.You would think Steven Soderbergh with hits as Oceans 11,12 , & 13 , Erin Brockovich , & Traffic under his belt this would be a good movie ... fahgettaboudit
 Wow , with the all star cast its sad that this movie was this bad . When you name a movie `` Haywire '' people expect to see action at every turn and this movie did n't deliver .
 scenes were any good . And let 's face it that is the only reason any man would watch it . Gina Carano is a very gifted athlete and is extemely skilled in martial arts . The problem I had was every fight scene looked the same . she beat on the men they beat on her , back and forth untill you know without me saying who wins . I like seeing a woman really beat up a man but only if it is real and I do n't know who is going to win .
 Anyone who thinks this movie is worth watching do not have anything better to do ! I 'm going to ask Amazon for my money back ! Haywire is so Borring , I did n't know if I was watching an Action Movie or what ! Its bad acting period . Especially from a cast of such ! This movie is just BAD & I 'm putting it next to `` Never Watch Again '' Pile ...
 I had high hopes for this movie , maybe thats how i set myself up , i was thinking this would be along the lines of `` the bourne identity '' , but all the flash backs grew a little too tiring . Sure i can handle a few , but through out the entire movie ? Sure the fight scenes were great , and i think they banked too much on that . I found myself thinking okay she 's in trouble but its a flash back , so that kinda destroyed the film for me along with the phrase '' get to the point '' , with a great cast this was a bust of a movie which was sad . If you got money to burn or want to just build your collection , then buy this , but buyer beware .
 There was virtually no plot and a lot of voice-overs . The big-name actors did n't help the lack of story . Pass on this movie .
 Another try at a sexy action movie , which is just plain bad . Pull in the audience with women being the villain or just a stand by eye candy . The actress is B movie material.Put her in the ring not in a movie .
 The few fight scenes were cool but other than that the movie made no sense . And that music ... that MUSIC the whole movie gave me a headache ! Not worth it !
 I fell asleep on this movie , not much action and the acting was sub par . I thought that I would enjoy this movie from the preview . but it was not worth the money I paid to rent it .
 It gets an extra star for the cast , but really , what were they thinking ? I literally fell asleep about 20 minutes into this movie . There is very little character development , dialogue , or background , all of which would have been helpful to explain the loosely woven fight scenes.Overall this was no `` Taken , '' and definitely not a Jason Statham movie -LRB- unless maybe Killer Elite -RRB- . I had such high hopes for a female focused movie - very disappointing .
 Haywire makes no sense whatsoever . What should be a cool flip of the typical tough guy looking for revenge formula , just falls flat and drags on .
 very slow plot progression , poor acting . i expected more from these actors . i do not recommend . the main character acts poorly . not enough dialog .
 We watched scene after scene that had little or no dialog . There was no plot and little rhyme or reason for the next action sequence . It was a shock that Michael Douglas made a cameo in this film . He must be hard up for cash . This was a waste of time making it and viewing it . Do n't waste your money or time . This film is very poor .
 This movie could not decide what it wanted to be . One the one hand , it tried to be an intelligent Le Carre style spy thriller , but the plot and the acting were simply not good enough to pull that off . On the other hand , it also tried to be the female Bourne , but the action sequences felt contrived and thrown in for no logical reason . Gina Carano is not going to be the next action heroine , and I would be very surprised if we see her at all in another film . Haywire is a perfect example of how amalgamating a significant amount of talent in one place does not necessarily result in a good or even decent product . Half way through the movie , I grabbed my laptop and just kept the film running in the background ; I simply did not care about what happened next .
 I watched this movie yesterday and I want my $ 2 rental fee back ! : / The plot is extremely thin , the acting , especially of the lead actress , is awful , and towards the end the heroine 's dad makes a mistake that should have been obvious to the bad guy but apparently nobody notices it . The lead actress runs around hiding in a very identifiable hat and has next to no morals ... that 's probably the only realistic part of the movie .
 Confusing plot . Paper thin characters . Seems like they finished shooting and realized they did n't have anything usable so they made up a whole new movie in the editing suite .
 This movie started out bad and got worse.I am an eternal optimist and just kept waiting for it to get good.It never did.I was robbed of an hour of my life.This movie really , really wanted to be Pulp Fiction and even copied the music.Too bad it lacked a script and good acting . Character development was nonexistent.There was not a single character in the movie who I did not want to die.The ending sucked too.Whoever wrote and directed this needs to take some time off and look for a new career.Mike C
 This movie is one large series of montages . Yes the girl is hot ... but do n't be fooled . Fifteen minutes into the movie , and I bet not One Hundred words have been spoken ... The director should have been given an award for longest montage in a movie ... Ever !
 Abolutely terrible , I never feel the desire of stop watching a movie , except for this one . I want my money back .
 This movie revealed to me how difficult it must be to make a good action thriller . Sure , Gina 's acting is awful , even painful , but that was n't the worst part . The movie spends long stretches of time exploring boring , tedious moments set to ridiculous , comically bad smooth jazz . You keep waiting for a reason to care , and it never comes . Watch the four action scenes on Youtube instead .
 SO-DER-BEEEEERRRRRGGGGGHHHHH ! This was one of my most anticipated films of 2012 , and now , after seeing it , I feel like it fizzled . The film was OK but not as good as the trailer makes it out to be . The story is simple , which would be fine if it were n't for the fact that a lot of needless plot points were thrown in . I 've always felt like director Steven Soderbergh is very overrated ; his films are n't that good . And this proves that point . The cast itself was stellar -LRB- Carano is beautiful and can majorly kick butt -RRB- , and I like the way the hand-to-hand combat scenes had no music or fancy sound effects , but a so-so story and lackluster ending make this film forgettable .
 With all the big stars this was an absolute waste of their talent . I have seen Gena in MMA and she is worth the ticket of admission but as lead role forget it . THeplot was stupid . The action sequels were seen in the trailer . This movie is not even fun to watch .
 They should have never put Michael Douglas in the listing . He may be made 3 cameo appearances-seems they added him to get people to watch . This movie is not worth seeing . It is so UNDER budget , just running threw the city streets fighting . There really is no plot , if you can figure out what was going on by the end of the movie you are lucky . This was almost as bad as a documentary . Hardly any talking just old time orchestra music threw the entire thing.I wish there was a minus star rating . Bad , Bad , BadOh so boring !!!!
 Action movies without soundtracks just do n't work , IMHO . Just could n't get into it . I think most everyone would pass on this one . I wish I had .
 Even Michael Fassbender could n't save this movie . Hard to believe all the `` stars '' in this movie -LRB- especially Fassbender -RRB- , and not one of them thought maybe the plot/script was bad . What a waste of time .
 Please do n't watch this . You will get to the end and ask , why . It is a waste of time . Horribly boring . Please , just save yourself the time and watch something else .
 I like so many of the actors who appear in this ... too bad it was so bad . Forget B , this bomb was a D for dud .
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen , very disappointed . i had high hopes going in being a big carano and sodenmeyer fan
 Very Bad Things is a horrible film . It is one of those movies that put you through the wringer . It does n't tickle the real action bone -- it pulverizes it . You do n't know whether to see the real fight , sex , or if you simply want to walk out of this horrible movie .
 Downloaded this video because I missed it at the show . I 'm glad I did not waste my 5.00 . It was confusing throughout the whole movie . Yes , there were a lot of action scenes but it appears to me that the main character was always walking somewhere . Like I said the movie was confusing . But when you ca n't find anything to do outside of the house on a Saturday afternoon this could kill some time .
 Roger Ebert gave this movie three -LRB- out of four -RRB- stars , primarily because MMA champ Gina Carano appears to use her MMA skills in the fight scenes and because of the film 's all-star cast . Note
 I decided to watch this the another night with 4 friends that will normally sit through anything - especially if we paid for it . Usually at worst we can entertain ourselves by mocking the movie if it is lame . This was an exception . It was n't even worth mocking ... we just all sat there scratching our heads . The movie struck me as an art students attempt to overuse every possible film stylization ad nauseam . As some of the other reviewers said ; absolute waste of time and money . If only we had stuck with watching the trailer ... . it was the most entertaining thing they filmed for this movie .
 The movie showed lots of promise on the trailer , but the plot was too thin and the story line invisible over the action sequences , great delivery by Gina Cararo , better luck next time .
 This great classic rock opera was poorly directed and delivered . Quite disappointing for anyone who knows how much better it could be and has been .
 Treat Williams is a great actor and singer , and is always good in anything he does . Although the story line was good , the songs and lyrics of this movie were gross and I could n't sit through the whole movie . If you were younger , you would probably enjoy this movie . But it was not my style of entertainment . I 'm disappointed that it was n't as good as I had always heard and that I could n't enjoy it like I wanted to .
 The 20th Century Fox musicals for this era were , in my opinion , not as good as MGM products.I found this film to be bright , colourful but boring with only 2 reasonably good songs/dances .
 Possible SPOILER!I saw the mother and daughter on Fox and Friends . The only thing they talked about was how transformed the daughter was after her experience in India . Instead , it 's a documentary about a verbally abusive mother who has no idea how to parent a teenager . I was absolutely shocked to hear that the teenager owns purses that cost $ 900 ! However , I was further shocked to hear that the mother owns purses that cost $ 10,000 ! I purchased this DVD to use with my high school class . The students gripe about having to do community service as a graduation requirement and I wanted to use the whole `` helping out in India '' thing as a learning lesson . Well , other than the few minutes of the India trip -LRB- with mom verbally abusing the people her daughter was staying with and showing how mom stayed in a 5 star hotel -RRB- there is nothing I feel I can show . My daughter -LRB- age 22 -RRB- and I were very uncomfortable watching the video . We did not think the ending held any AHA ! moment . We were just glad it was finally over.No only will I not be recommending this DVD to anyone else , I threw away the one I purchased . There is no point in wasting anyone else 's time .
 So we 're supposed to get some sort of life changing experience watching rich people in New York raising spoiled brats ? You give them everything they want , with almost no exceptions , and then wonder why they are entitled , spoiled , lazy and ungrateful ? You do n't teach them anything about the value of work , perseverance , and the value of a dollar until the age of 16-17 and THEN you want complain about `` how spoiled kids are '' ? Lady , you are special .
 The Canyon -LRB- 2008 -RRB- is an adventure set in the Grand Canyon , where a newly married couple looking for adventure , have a completely unexpected experience . While the cast gives good performances , and the film features some picturesque cinematography , the story has some major credibility issues that make for semi-interesting , though exasperating viewing.Newlyweds Nick -LRB- Eion Bailey -RRB- and Lori -LRB- Yvonne Strahovski -RRB- , have eloped and come to the Grand Canyon looking to take a mule trail ride down to the bottom . Failing to procure in advance the necessary permits , it appears that the couple is out of luck , when they run into a grizzled character named Henry -LRB- Will Patton -RRB- , who offers to guide them on a tour of the canyon.The couple agrees , and head down with Henry into the canyon , the next day . It is a good time , and at the bottom , Henry leads them to see some beautiful rock formations . On the way to see some additional sights , a terrible accident occurs , and Henry is left in grave condition . Suddenly , the group is down to one mule , and has no food , and very little water . Things go from bad to worse , as the unprepared couple , is soon on their own . Misfortune strikes again , and Lori has to rise to the occasion , and make some very hard choices.The Canyon deals with some provocative issues . It is about facing a challenge , and doing what needs to be done . When it comes to realism and authenticity , there are some major issues . Nick and Lori are two of the least prepared hikers you could ever find . They are in an environment that is hot and dry , and do n't have headwear , sunglasses , food , water , snacks -LRB- except gum -RRB- . They must have some great sunscreen , because after four days in the sun , their skin does n't look fried . The survivors supposedly have nothing to drink for days , yet are always wet with sweat , traveling during the heat of the day . When they lose their mules during the accident , it does n't look like they try very hard to get them back . Considering the animals were carrying their food and supplies , you would think they would have tried much , much harder . Burying a valuable knife , is just another example , of how completely clueless these people are.The geography does n't seem to match the situation , as the primary locations used in the film are not in the real Grand Canyon . If you ca n't get the scenery right , tying the story to a specific location may not be a good idea . It gets rather irritating , when the film repeatedly features a generic panoramic shot of the Grand Canyon , and then cuts into a location that looks nothing like the formation that was just shown . They are supposed to be at the bottom of Grand Canyon , so that means views at a low elevation , with high rocky slopes around . Yet there are scenes where they are clearly at some elevation , well clear of any canyon walls . The Colorado river runs through the Grand Canyon , but there is n't a sign of it in the entire movie.The logical thing , would be to try and find a place to climb up out of the canyon . Lori has a cell phone -LRB- whoo-hoo -RRB- , which would probably get better reception , if they would move to higher ground . Instead the couple apparently spend all their time , wandering at the bottom of the canyon . When they finally do try to get to elevation , they make some really foolish decisions , which prove to be extremely costly , and painful.Given the script they have to work with , the cast really do the best they can . Their strong performances , help make up for the problematic writing and production . Will Patton is really likeable as the eccentric , been everywhere , done everything guide , Henry . Eion Bailey is believable as the headstrong Nick , a nice guy in a situation that is totally beyond him . Australian actress Yvonne Strahovski -LRB- Chuck -RRB- gives an earnest performance , as her character faces life threatening situations . After having previously displayed absolutely no knowledge of the wilderness , first aid or survival skills , Lori almost magically becomes competent in these areas . It is quite an amazing transformation , but there is even more , as she survives being attacked by wolves , miraculously escaping without any serious injury . Unfortunately , these fight scenes are not well executed.Those not bothered by the film 's flaws , may find this an interesting drama . For others , the ineptness of the characters , and general issues with reality , may interfere with the enjoyment of the film . To their credit , the producers do not weasel out and cheat at the ending . There is n't a lot of intelligent behavior in this film , and when it comes to dealing with nature , there often is a high price for stupidity .
 Good actors , almost probable story , but the credibility of the story tanked when they buried the guide without taking the only tool they had , his knife . Why wer n't they wearing hats ? Why did n't they take his clothes for further protection ? Sun exposure and dehydration are the predomonent dangers in most exposed environments let alone the Grand Canyon ... Next time consult anyone who has ever actually been exposed ...
 There was initially a sly comic relief in watching Henry the grizzled old boaster of the wilderness fall from an inspirer of confidence to a screw-up . In the sense he could only have been a con-man to miss a rattler on the track.What held my attention was getting to see more of the grand-canyon than on the balcony overlooking it with more than one coach-load of tourists . Dissapointing that camera shots of the canyon and their surroundings each time did n't tend to linger for a little longer than they did for menace and atmosphere.The Ken and Barbie looks and personae of the couple made me nervous the acting would go from ok to worse . Regarding empathy within a day and a half they had already committed an unbelievably daft survival stratergy bringing to mind that Mother Nature creams off only the weaker from the herd to feed predators and rightly so.It takes suspension of disbelief to watch these actors and I gave up when one of them should have died of blood-loss but not a drop gushed and the little woman turned into super-bimbo fighting off a big wolf WITHOUT A SCRATCH AFTER even if she did have a pointy knife of sorts . The acting became cosy given the desperation involved
 This flick reminded me of Open Water .2 honeymooners decide to take a trail ride in the Grand Canyon.It has a very depressing survival theme.The quality of the movie is excellent.The acting is superb and I like that they use real animals -LRB- not fake CGI -RRB- . However , the plot goes south during the movie and you do n't have a good feeling when it is done .
 Ok so I read the reviews and liked what I saw for the most part . I 'm also a big fan of Kathleen Quinlan . However , this is one of those movies that has a great plot , starts off with just enough to hold your interest , and just as things are really starting to heat up , the movie ends leaving you with more questions than answers . Enough reviews have been given as to what the movie 's about . A woman takes in battered women on a ranch/farm she owns to protect them from their abusers and give them a safe place to go . However , the protector -LRB- Kathleen Quinlan -RRB- ends up being more than a little `` off '' . Why ? Who knows ... The problem with this movie is that just around the time we see this woman 's temper and realize she 's more harm than good . . the movie has about 5 minutes left to it . It ends where this would be the middle of most movies . You never really get to know the characters ; just the behavior . . and even that is very limited . Alot of potential was there but it seriously fell short . ` Harm 's Way ' ends just as the action begins.Very disappointing ...
 How can Warner Brothers get away with such aweful sound and compression ! This is really a badly done dvd of a great movie . I am happy to own it on dvd , but it is a very disappointing dvd .
 Maybe that 's the whole point . Blow Up is about empty people living empty lives . That 's fine , as long as the film they are in entertains me . But Blow Up is a bore . Nothing happens . You wait patiently . The film moves at snail 's pace . Blow Up represents the most aimless tendencies of foreign film . It has a French-like tendency -LRB- desire ? -RRB- to meander . Blow Up has at best thirty minutes of content stretched to nearly two hours.Characters act cold and distant and more than a bit cruel . The movie ends with mimes -LRB- never a good sign -RRB- pretending to play tennis in the park . Fin . Credits roll . What does it all mean ? And why should I care ? Films do not have to have a point . A character up to his neck in ennui who is on an existential quest to nowhere -LRB- as in Eyes Wide Shut -RRB- is okay . But if your film has nothing to say , make it interesting -- either visually or in its dialogue . But Blow Up takes a mimimalistic approach . Long silences . Little action . No emotion . It is about an hour into the movie that something finally `` happens '' -- a seeming murder . I thought the film might take a Hitchcockian turn . But it does n't . Was the man in the park murdered ? Did the woman -LRB- Vanessa Redgrave -RRB- have him killed ? Why was the body left there ? Was he cheating with her , or was she cheating with him ? We never get the answer to such questions , because no one in the movie cares enough to find out . Is this a statement about the vacuousness of 60s culture ? I guess . A postmodern statement about man 's indifference to man ? Maybe . But I did n't care enough about the characters to care about the movie 's message -LRB- if there is one -RRB- . Blow Up represents a view so world weary that naked romping -LRB- scandalous then , tame by today 's standards -RRB- by supermodels and a cameo by the Yardbirds -LRB- yes , that 's Jimmy Page -RRB- ca n't lighten the mood . Is Blow Up an embrace of `` cool '' or a rejection of it ? Who knows ? I can only be sure that this movie was deserved grist for the Austin Powers parody mill . Mike Myers movies are fun . Blow Up is not .
 It 's refreshing to find a film that you hate - it cleanses the palate - and I hate this film . Normally I would never write a negative review , but considering the amount of verbiage this ` classic ' has inspired , I fel an almost civic duty to try and re-dress the balance . If it was still showing at a local theatre I would be compelled to go along and form a human barricade to stop unwitting would-be viewers . That 's how strongly I feel about this tawdry , empty piece of pseudo-art . The plot is thin , the acting -LRB- with the exception of the luminous Vanessa Redgrave -RRB- barely rises above the level of a 60 's UK soap opera , and possibly worst of all the script is so vacuous that the overwhelming feeling is one of crunching boredom . Ironic considering the setting , one of the more ` happening ' of recent history . The main character , played by David Hemmings , is the only fully-realised part in the film , a shame considering his is one of the most repellent roles since cinema began - vain , self-regarding , misogynistic , shallow , greedy and omnipotently self-unaware . He 's not the kind of character you love to hate , a la Ian McShane in Deadwood or Ben Kingsley in Sexy Beast , he 's just a black hole of a person , and it 's Antonioni 's decision to make him the focal point of the film that grates the most when enduring this nonsense-kind of like staring intently at one of those Magic Eye posters for 2 hours , only for the artist to tell you that it 's just a bunch of dots after all . It 's just that enervating . Hemmings was much better in a similarly-themed film by another Italian director , Argento 's Profundo Rosso . It 's not the length of this film that bothers me , nor even the silences - so lengthy they conjure Tarkovsky directing Brando doing Pinter -LRB- in a sound-proofed room ! -RRB- , it 's the insulting heartlessness at its centre , personified by Hemmings 's wide-boy photographer . In fact I would happily sit through the world 's longest silent movie - weeks long and with no audio track - as long as it consisted solely of this character being lovingly and inventively tortured . Just as Roger Ebert said that his colonoscopy footage was more enjoyable than The Brown Bunny , that epic piece of snuff would beat the hell out of Blow-up . About the audio
 This goes down in history as one of the dumbest movies I have ever seen . You wait an endless amount of time waiting for a plot , only to find out there is n't one . Scenes dragged on at a most painful pace . What a pointless film , a complete waste of time .
 Wow ... I do n't know what to say . I read about this moving in a photography magazine as I am an amateur photographer so I thought I would check it out . After seeing 4 star ratings at Amazon and reading good reviews I purchased the video.The movie was quickly boring but I kept waiting for something to happen , it had to since it was rated pretty good . I next found myself wanting to just turn it off and do something useful but again since the rating was good I had to continue to see the end.If you want to watch a guy run around just taking pictures all of the time then this is for you . This had to have been the worst 2 hours and $ 15 I have ever spent in my life ... do not buy or watch this movie .
 You can call me a Philistine , but this film bored me to tears . Many scenes are horribly dated . Now , that may not be a fair criticism , but I could n't help but think of Austin Powers at times , which can be distracting when one is trying to watch such a terribly serious meditation on reality and illusion . The scenes involving the revelation of the mystery in the park via photograph were involving . I can also appreciate the fact that Antonioni was n't interested in making a typical Hollywood-type thriller in which the hero learns all of the secrets and punishes the wrong-doers . There were glimpses of a good film here , but that 's all.Besides , any film with a scene in which mimes are taken seriously loses me .
 For the 99 % of viewers , take my word for it , skip this movie . It was boring . You can say all you want about the beautiful scenes , but if the story ca n't hold you , it is n't worth it .
 This is really a lousy movie , and other reviewers have done an excellent job explaining why . But since the last review was done in 2005 , and I just suffered through this film last night , I thought it was important to get a one star review on top of the review stack so that it is the first thing anyone considering this movie sees.The positive , and unexpected , side of having seen this movie is that I had not anticipated that the review forum would be such a treasure trove of abstract nonsense . There are some real howlers in here , as well really classy vocab words and pseudo-intellectual phrases that work great at art gallery receptions or mixed together will get you at least a B an art history exam
 Got ta love the flashback to the sixties that is reflected in every scene of this movie -LRB- of course , it was just a product of its time -- the mid-60s -- it 's not a film trying to recapture the era . . it IS the era -RRB- . Still the storyline is slim and the going slow . Interesting scenes appear here and there . The parts are definitely better than the whole . There 's an intriguing idea in here it just never gets developed as it should . Actually , thinking about it in retrospect is more interesting than watching it was . It 's subtle , I 'll grant you that . And a nice character study ... and yet ... ? We were counting the minutes left in the film by the end -LRB- `` Only 25 minutes left in the film and then we can get back to our lives ! '' -RRB- so that 's not a good sign .
 I watched this film recently after having enjoyed the soundtrack for years . I found the film to be weak on suspense , character development , and pacing . The plot was nearly absent . I suppose the style of photography and editing could be useful to a student of film history , but for the rest of us who actually want to see a movie that we can be pulled in by and enjoy , this is an utter waste of time . I do n't know how Cortazar felt about this adaptation of his work , but I 'm sure it was n't a happy feeling .
 Unlike other reviewers , I was not impressed with this movie in the least.There are some people out there who are philosophical and theoretical . They are deep thinkers who spend time considering the issues both political and moral of the day.And then , there are people such as the writer or writers of this movie , who become existential about defecating but really are n't especially deep thinkers ; they just like to think they are.Perhaps this movie was too artsy for my taste , but I thought that it left the viewer to have to decide for him or herself what was going on in each scene . There was far too much symbolism and meaning in this movie and not enough substance.This movie might have made a good point about life and reality had it not been written and produced by people that were too wrapped up in how cool they thought they were . While not a total waste of DVD -LRB- like DVD sets of the show 7th Heaven -RRB- , `` Blowup '' is totally lame .
 I saw this film in the 60 's ... and it certainly has n't improved with age ; unless you view watching grass grow as a highlight of your daily existence . This film plods along at an excruciatingly , slow pace until you are ready to scream for it to end . It 's nothing more than the film version of pop art
 I understand how this movie was very influential and some of the directing techniques and extended scenes without dialogue were cutting edge . However , the movie was just terrible ! I kept looking at the clock to see how much more I had to endure . David Hemmings plays a photographer that is a huge jerk that likes to wander around and photograph things ... that 's of course when he is not insulting or dismissing the people around him . The movie 's lack of dialogue is supposed to be impressive in some way , but unfortunately it is just a big bore . The movie even ends with a lengthy segment involving mimes `` playing '' tennis . Just awful !! I gave this movie 2 stars vs. 1 star due to the influence that it had on future directors . Two movies that were obviously inspired by `` Blow Up '' are Brian De Palma 's film `` Blow Out '' and Dario Argento 's `` Deep Red '' . Both of which were much more entertaining and suspenseful than this sleeping pill of a movie.I know , I know ... I just do n't `` get it '' or I 'm too dumb to appreciate the subtleties ... to each their own . I definitely recommend you rent before buying . Especially at the price listed as of this writing -LRB- $ 49.99 -RRB- !!
 This is one of those movies which everyone feels that they have to praise , so as to appear savvy and sophisticated . That 's what conventional wisdom does . Kind of like not wanting to acknowledge a slight attraction to your own sex , it seems that some people feel the need to praise this film as high art , instead of plainly admitting that it 's overrated nonsense that happened to earn high regard in the art and entertainment worlds during the sixties . Though , it is important to remember that many were in an altered state during this time . To be unusual does not automatically make something great or outstanding.What 's obvious is that the initial intention was to make a movie set in ` Swinging London ' with the main character being a trendy fashion photographer . Plot and details were n't important for success $ $ $ $ . Subsequently , the masses have tried to project deep meaning onto this commercial film , which is as ridiculous as trying to find meaningful love in a horror or comedy . Honestly , the meaning is that there is no meaning ; it 's like a very long and pointless commercial or advertisement on TV . It 's not about the product -LRB- what should be a good film with a plot -RRB- , it 's about the image.I want my 2 hours back ...
 While visually compelling , this film contains too little plot movement , too little dialogue , and too many unnecessary scenes to maintain a contemporary viewer 's attention . The story could easily be told in 20 minutes , yet the film goes on for two hours in what seems like an effort to run out the clock . Its slick mid-1960s style looks intriguingly contemporary in some cases , but in other cases wears thin with free-love and experimental drug culture cliches . Those seeking a background video that relives the glory of the 1960s may enjoy this film . Those seeking a film with a real plot that engages the intellect would be wise to look elsewhere .
 There is a scene where David Hemmings is in a club and the band on stage are the Yardbirds -- in that brief period where they had BOTH Jeff Beck AND Jimmy Page -- doing an altered version of `` The Train Kept A Rollin ' '' . Other than that ...
 I have vague memories of seeing `` Blowup '' as a teenager and thinking it was kinda neat and creepy , so I bought the DVD when it came out.I must say that 30 years later it is hilariously bad . Oh , the actual blowing up of the photographs is still neat and creepy , for sure , but the rest is just laughable.The nameless photographer is such a jerk -LRB- I 'm being delicate -RRB- that no one would want to work with him . There are other photographers with talent - why do business with a total jerk that yells at you to try to get you to smile?Also the funny thing is , even when he is supposedly taking these great photos in his jerky way , he is so close to his subject that 90 % of the pix would be out of focus , compounded by not using flash , so he must shoot wide open even with Tri-X film , thereby adding to his out-of-focus problem . Further , he handles his Hasselblad clumsily , and during a shoot with several models at various distances from the camera , again he does not use flash - again , laughable photographic technique . Enough about photo non-technique . Another scene has the photographer entering a nightclub where Jimmy Page and the Yardbirds are playing - and the entire audience is motionless - as in zombies - except one couple who dance -LRB- badly -RRB- . Huh?There is an over-rated scene which may be the first non-porno film to show a glimpse of female pubic hair . It is not erotic , however , and in fact , could be mistaken for Daniel Boone 's coon-skin cap . Do n't get the movie for this.There is much pot-smoking - also , I suppose , a `` film first '' . Big , big doobies that look like cigarettes ... Other than the movie itself , there is a commentary by an `` Antonioni film '' buff . Even he has a hard time explaining some of it . However , some people like head-scratching movies . If you do , here you go .
 This English film was very successful commercially for American audiences given its story about a fashion photographer . We see a truck load of mimes running around , then a young photographer shooting a fashion model . -LSB- The pictures will be used in advertising to suggest to customers they will look like a model if they buy and use the product ; the belief in magic . -RSB- The photographer 's drive shows some of the new public housing , three stories high . After visiting an antique store he starts taking snapshots in a nearby park . -LSB- These areas are all strangely vacant of people . -RSB- He notices a young woman and older man in the park , by a grassy knoll , and follows to shoot them . The young woman does not want to be photographed . The photographer is interested in acquiring real estate that will quickly appreciate.When he arrives home that young woman arrives to ask for the photographs . She persists , but fail . But the photographer gives her another roll , and makes a deal . Later he develops the roll of film and inspects it , then makes a blow-up of the frames . He notices a detail in the background . Two young girls show up uninvited , and this leads to the frolic that made this film popular . Afterwards he notices a detail in one of the prints and makes an enlargement . The picture becomes clearer . He returns to the park and finds the man . -LSB- Is this possible in any public park ? -RSB- When he returns home he finds all his prints have vanished , and the negatives too!On the way back he stops at a club , listens to the music , and takes a souvenir . -LSB- More senseless action . -RSB- Next he visits a party ; one room is for smoking . He asks his friend to return to the park . When the photographer returns the next morning the park has been cleared , nothing remains . The truck of mimes returns to act out a game of tennis . The photographer goes to pick up an imaginary ball and throws it into the court . It seems real now . Or just imagined?Could such an aimless story become a big hit ? The story about an assassination that is covered up has obvious references to the 1960s . A later film `` Blow Out '' echoes this story but has a more coherent story .
 The film may look good - but you 've got to be able to hear it to enjoy it.The main audio only comes from the center speaker -LRB- the only DVD I own that does this -RRB- and is incredibly low in volume . Even when you crank your amp up to near maximum to hear it , you 'll find that sole center signal sounds suspiciously like it 's meant to be part of at least a 2.1 soundtrack . It completely lacks bass and the music has no presence.I 've seen Blow-Up on the big screen in recent years , I know it can sound as good as it looks . Someone at Warners has made a big blunder in mastering this DVD . In its present format it 's not worth buying or owning .
 It 's a long time since i saw the movie , but i think i will always remember it as an excruciatingly boring experience . -LRB- I had to sit through because it was presented in a college course . -RRB- IN this movie , nothing happens -- very very slowly .
 Blow-Up -LRB- Michelangelo Antonioni , 1966 -RRB- Antonioni 's film career , these days , is little more than a footnote in the textbooks of aspiring filmmakers and critics . Most of his movies have already been forgotten less than a half-century after they were made . One of the exceptions is Blow-Up , which was nominated for almost as many awards as O. J. Simpson . Watching it thirty-five years after its release , one wonders why.Much of the film 's power probably had to do with its cultural context . Blow-Up , which is ostensibly about a photographer -LRB- a very young David Hemming , later to not achieve the great fame he should have for his role in Profondo Rosso , one of the finest films ever made -RRB- who may or may not have captured a murder on film without meaning to , was actually full of subtext about the meaning of photography in the modern world . When you realize the infamous Zapruder film was released at around the same time andviewable by those in the know , the questions get a lot more compelling . At least they did to those who theorized endlessly about a grassy knoll in Dallas in 1963 . Removed from that context now , Antonioni 's crowning achievement looks a bit more like Thomas ' Harris novel The Silence of the Lambs . As the book , which is mediocre at best , was carried to stardom within the context of Jonathan Demme 's excellent film , Blow-Up took its cue from Zapruder . However , while Harris ' next novel showed the rest of the world that Harris was , in fact , not a writer up to par with Demme 's filmmaking , Antonioni 's followup -LRB- the gloriously vapid , now largely-forgotten Zabriskie Point , a film of interest only to hardcore Pink Floyd fans-and even most of THEM find it insufferable -RRB- had no effect on the filmmaker 's stature whatsoever . Even time seems to have left Antonioni relatively unscathed , and many still see Blow-Up as a classic . I will continue to wonder what they 're thinking . Both Hemming and co-star Vanessa Redgrave seem somewhat lost in their parts , various gratuitous nude scenes are thrown in for what seems to be shock value more than anything , the Yardbirds make a pointless cameo , and what is actually on the roll of film that everyone 's so concerned about never captures the viewer 's attention nearly as much as it captures the attentions of everyone else . Sometimes this technique works . Here , it does n't . *
 there are few more excruciating experiences than sitting thru a work of `` art '' . this pretentious overblown -LRB- lame pun intended -RRB- tripe from 40 years ago is almost as painful to watch as `` zabriskie point '' ; i daresay that i wouldrather sit thru `` mchales navy joins the air force '' than this ! why would anybody take antonioni seriously ? but even more irritating than the movie itself is the commentary track by some purported antonioni `` scholar '' . david hemmings career is non-existent nowadays , and vanessa redgrave has managed to live this down -LRB- hey , if you can survive `` camelot '' you can survive anything -RRB- . if this was swinging london in the 60s , im glad i was in new york !
 The movie is like this review . Nothing there . After watching it , I was mad at myself for wasting the time to watch it . Do n't waste your time .
 This mod movie is a real `` get over yourself '' kinda film . I felt like I needed a beret & an espresso just to watch it . Sulky behavior , models in go-go boots and cigarettes does not a movie-make !
 A fashion photographer discovers a crime . So what ??? Big Deal !!! The action is slow , boring and unrealistic.The photographer is arrogant and simply rude both tohis assistants , and to his customers . All actors are squareand unconvincig , schematic . All the action spins around thedaily activities of the photographer and his frozen face.I would understand , if this crap were made in 1920s , but hey!Wake up ! The year is 1966 ! So , this piece of garbage is just an example how NOT to make movies . And I do not care how popular the actors were , and how great the director.Do not waste your time , unless you are A movie major and this one is in you Summer Viewing List .
 This socalled classic has no redeeming qualities.The script-awful . The casting-disaster . The acting-amateurs . The dialogue-lame . The suspense-where is it?The cinematography-zero . The photography-weak . The idea-waste of time.The editing-horrible . The actors-nothing to look at.The naked actresses-nothing to look at.The ending-terrible . The message-zzzzzz . I could make a home movie more interesting than that piece of junk . It might have been a good idea for a movie before there was sound . There 's a lot of dead space in this ultra-low-budget high school non-drama . What a bleeping snooze fest disaster!Disclaimer
 ten years ago I was forced to watch this with a friend for her film class . I thought this was the biggest waist of two hours -LRB- do n't worry it feels more like four -RRB- . So when this same friend 's brother asked if I wanted to see it I said sure , I 've grown and matured ... unfortunatly this film has not.This is one of those rare movies that many cinephiles have written and heard about , but is pure mysogynistic drivel , barely having a plot or any shred of talent as far as acting . I 've read how it is influencial and all , but this movie is just downright boring and mysogynistic and confusing.If you are interested in the whole London Mod scene see either Absolute Beginners , Quadraphenia or any Austin Powers movie . Otherwise move on to the new century please .
 Super lousy . Do n't wAste your time and money .
 I was in my early teens when this movie first came out , and it really knocked me out . It still does . It is full of mystery and art , beauty and pathos , banality and the sublime . I did n't fully understand it either then or now , and maybe Antonioni did n't altogether either , but he certainly knew he was on to something . It is beautiful and mesmerizing in any case , and one of a handful of films I really enjoy seeing over and over ... decade after decade.That said , I was driven nearly apoplectic by the driveling idiocy of the commentary track on this new DVD . This blithering hyena would have ruined the film for me forever had I not had the presence of mind to shut him off after the first 25 minutes or so . From informing us all that there is `` no such thing as nature '' -LRB- it 's just a `` social construct '' ... right , like an `` avalanche '' -RRB- to hammering home ad nauseam that men are evil oppressors and women are their innocent victims -LRB- it could n't be that both sexes are prone to selling themselves out ... as the film so clearly depicts -RRB- , this imbecilic clown bludgeons any viewer with a remnant of a functioning brain with what a total boondoggle collegiate `` Film Studies '' are.Do the whole world a favor , and buy this great movie on VHS , which has excellent quality . Do n't reward the mindless drudges of P.C. academia by buying this disc .
 I saw this film when it was released in theaters and its power has stuck with me for over 40 years . I was thrilled when it found out it had been released on DVD . Unfortunately , the soundtrack is so awful that it ruines an otherwise brilliant piece of film making . It is center speaker only and is of very low quality . Perhaps someday it will be re-released with the original soundtrack - in the meantime , save your money .
 As a great fan of this movie when it first came out , I thought that the scenes in London 's green park would last forever . Alas , the video has no color . What Antonioni worked so hard to acheive in visual delight is all mush ... Perhaps the DVD can restore what 's faded , but this is worthless .
 This movie , which was considered terribly trendy and profound when first released , does n't date well at all . The story of a fashion photographer who thinks he 's witnessed a murder in a park is much less than meets the eye.There are holes in the plot as big as the Grand Canyon -- for example , when the photog returns to the park , thinking he may find a body there , he does n't take a camera with him ! And when he drops in on a rock concert , the audience is sitting absolutely still , like so many statues -- this is supposed to tell us something about alienation , or whatever.The film seems interminable , but it finally does end -- with the famous tennis scene , which is played by mimes , without rackets or a ball -LRB- insert joke here -RRB- . Like the rest of the movie , it 's pretentious hooey.The commentary track is almost as bad . There is a great deal of talk about illusion vs. reality , and Antonioni 's use of color , and whether the script is politically correct , and the artist 's function in society , and on , and on , and on.The sequence that gives the film its name -- the blow up of pictures taken of what may have been a killing -- is skillfully done , but , like almost everything else in this movie , it goes on too long.Viewed now , this film , which caused such a sensation in its day , is a huge disappointment.In fairness , I should note that the young Vanessa Redgrave is wonderful , but she ca n't carry the whole movie .
 I was embarrassed until the mystery of the park -- and the need for the photographic blow-ups -- established itself . -LRB- I am a child of the sixties . Were we really all that vain and all that vapid ? Was our rhythm so challenged , our sex so silly , our highs so exaggerated ? -RRB- But back to the engaging mystery . Let 's return to the park ... to the corpse ... No , the film makers say , let 's drop that for the nearby spectacle of a group of white-faced mimes watching a pretend game of tennis between two of their troupe . Oh , what a silly shame .
 Viewed
 After reading the backflap of this dvd it sounded like a great storyline . what a let down . the movie was slow , jumbled , with little direction and alot of confusion . what a waste of time . save your money and buy something good .
 Yes , I tried to appreciate it . I stuck with it , watched it all the way through . Yes , I paid attention . And I was still left with a feeling that I had wasted nearly two hours.The director spends the first 25 minutes showing us an obnoxious , loathsome photographer and the women he treats like objects while working with them . Then he finally gets around to taking the pictures in the park that will figure into the plot later.Eventually , there is a scene in a little building where a rock band is playing and the audience members sit there like they 're at a funeral , while the guitarist rips off Pete Townshend by smashing his guitar . Why the photographer went into this stupid concert in the first place is beyond me.For that matter , why did he visit the antiques shop ? Why are there so many shots of him walking and driving ? All they do is take up screen time that could have been devoted to better pacing and an actual plot.He finds a body , tells some useless friend of his about it , goes back to look for it , and surprise ! It 's gone . Well , did he think it was just going to stay there out in the open for weeks on end?The ending is equally irritating , with the photographer watching some stupid bunch of performers/mimes pretending to play tennis.And again I ask , what was the point of all this ?
 I bought several of Vicki Regon 's tapes . She seems to be a very fun teacher and very good dancer . But the instructions are too slow-paced . There are a lot of repeats which are not necessary for DVDs and video tapes . With only 4 or 5 steps taught in each tape , if you are a beginner , I doubt `` you can dance '' comfortbly on the floor after you 've learned from those tapes . In terms of steps per dollar , you can find much better deals on market than this series .
 They do not teach much in this DVD . Just the box , balance and one underarm turn . It 's a true waste of my money
 A box office flop when it came out , and forgotten now , though the book was from the author of SILENCE OF THE LAMBS , this movie is just another middle east terrorist story mixed with the cliched crazy Vietnam vet . Nothing special about the action , or acting.The lead-up is more interesting than the climax ! It 's not enough that tens of thousands of Americans might die , 10 times as many as with 911 , so the movie has President Carter show up at the football game , to make the terrorists really seem bad!Not exactly boring , there are enough action scenes , it 's just that the overall movie is so uninspired . TWO MINUTE WARNING , another football terrorist movie , came out about 6 months before BLACK SUNDAY , and has a better cast , partly cause it 's treated like some 70s disaster movie .
 I do n't know why a writer took the time to write this movie . Why take the art of movie making for a different purpose . This is a typical cold war movie of the 70 's . Like the ones against the japaneses , germans , rusians , native americans , or palestinians in this case . Make yourself a favor and take the money for a better movie like Saving Private Ryan , Platoon , or Schindler 's List , that are inteligent movies , and not cheap propaganda.Antonio Zuluaga .
 This is probably one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . On top of the horrible acting ... the events are so over the top that they are n't even believeable . Especially if you 've ever actually been to a rave .
 I vote for no more after this one.First of all , the movie is edited horribly . There are numerous occurences where edits should have been TIGHTENED . The acting is so over the top it 's ridiculous . Mary Griffith 's -LRB- Aimee Graham -RRB- father is the stereotypical DEMON father.We listen to these kids talk to the camera throughout the film and how they live to RAVE , so they can be ONE WITH THE MUSIC and how RAVEing and DRUGing is their life ... and I could only ask ... WHO CARES?Then , the kids all arrive at the RAVE . Weehoo !! 45 minutes of BAH ! BAH ! BAH ! BAH ! BAH ! music and Seizure inducing strobe effects . Kids so drugged up they spend most of the time sitting by the toilet . Punks living to beat up other kids . Punks who riot and create havoc for no reason . A drive by shooting that looked so fake and overdramatized.Gets you all teary-eyed . Not because you have any emotional connection with any of the characters , but because you spent $ 1.50 renting the movie on discount day and spent 80 minutes of your life watching it ... well ... 72 minutes if you fast forward through the credits ... 3:30 of BAH ! BAH ! BAH ! for the opening credits ... geez .
 This movie was horrible . I do n't think its fair that a movie can be made like this . I have been a huge fan or Raves and elecronic music for 10 years now , and an active member of the San Fransisco rave scene . I have been to so many raves that I could n't count them all . Nothing like this happens to Raves.When people go to raves , they take Extasy and forget about a lot of the bad things that society has programmed us to do . People hug and love on eachother , talk about things they never thought possible.Rave 's have had a great impact on society and continue to to this very day . Sure , there might be a few negative people , and bad things happen once in a while , but even less often than in regular life . Its also another good note to know that in all my years I 've never seen anyone die from taking extasy , and the only people who had bad effects did n't drink enough water or drank alcohol as well . Only a healthy responsible person who is in touch with thier body should do Exstacy.I have to say too , that when a person is trying to be negative , aggressive , or confrontational at a rave , they do n't get any responses from people and usually end up stopping the nagatve tendencies , because everyone is having so much fun that they ignore it . People are only negative when they are related to . Raves naturally push bad people away when they have a good vibe . Its a blatant lie to say that they attract them.At raves people feel free to express themselves artistically , in their form of dress , and about how they feel and their beliefs . We ralate to each other on a deep level that sometimes feels impossible in everyday life . I think its this tribal understanding of unity that really makes it easier to live life thereafter.Connecting to people , feeling happy and having fun . Lots of smiles . This is a rave . This movie was obviously made to create fear and keep kids from experiencing something that might make them want to be different from the majority of culture . Our entire society is based on fear , and this is something that if changed would inspire a lot of free thinking people that would feel good about themselves.Come to a rave , be free . Its like a little bubble inside which inhibitions , fear , judgment , and even laws can be forgotten and all that is remembered is emotion , feeling , and our impact on one another.GOOD MOVIES : If you want to watch some good , realistic rave movies to see what a real rave is like ... watch `` groove '' -LRB- which takes place in San Fransisco -RRB- , or the documentary `` Rave Nation '' is an actual documentary about raves . `` A Mid-summer Nights Rave '' is also good , although its definitely more fantasy , it still has all of the aspects of a real rave tied in.PS - beware of fake want to be raves ! Hip-hop influenced raves tend to have a bad vibe and too many sexual predators . You can tell from the people outside ... do they look like `` gangsters '' or people who would listen to rap ? Or do they look like all kinds of people dressed up crazy with glow sticks having fun with smiles ? Use your intuition !
 I 'm a huge fan of Electronic Dance Music and anything to do with this genre ; I 've been to both the huge acts and the underground parties . This movie had good intensions , but the way it came together is a little lame . I recommend One Beautiful Day if you like coming of age movies to do with electronic movies .
 DE COLORES -LRB- HBO Films , 30 minutes -RRB- is in my view a bit of a self-conscious and sanctimonious work . While I feel this half-hour documentary needed some SALSA to make it more interesting , it does cover some mighty important points . Pity they had to desiccate that part of it also , by interviewing people who were poor native speakers of Spanish - or shall I say , it was Spanish poorly spoken.And that was another distraction that must have driven crazy everyone who is not bilingual . The interviewees were either English - or Spanish-speaking ; in both cases , subtitles are provided . My wife said it looked like some cheap , irritating production one might find for sale in some weird corner of some odd conference . In Mexico . -LSB- Actually what she said was that it looked like `` a church video '' . Same idea . -RSB- It does have important information , but as a string of interviews with `` nobody '' gay Hispanics and their parents , it 's a gigantic , pretentious yawn . All I could hear were politically nutty gay Americans of Hispanic descent -LRB- oh , sorry , `` Latino '' -RRB- whining and grousing . That and their parents talking about how they came to cope with their children 's gayness.All that was missing were a few clips or examples from soap operas of the Hispanic `` machismo '' that kept coming up - a solipsistic talking point that ultimately teaches nothing.Pretty much like this entire film . The subject of the extreme difficulty of being a gay Hispanic deserves much better than this carelessly tossed-out drivel .
 You really need to go out and get a life if you can enjoy this one - the story line about a man who finds scarce water in a desert he can exploit for monetary gain is uninspiring , the gratuitousness sexuality is debasing , and it 's distortion of things sacred is demonic . This not a B-Movie , it 's a C-movie .
 The quality of the sound & audio was distracting to my kids & the quickly lost interest . Also , the characters voice was frightful at times ... my kids are 3 & 5
 The only interest of `` The delinquents '' is in film history . This the first movie ever directed by the great Robert Altman -LRB- Mash , The player , Short cuts -RRB- in 1957 . It 's a low budget `` Z movie '' with little directorial value . Recommended only for movie fans and collectors .
 Julian Morris -LRB- Cry Wolf , Young Arthur -RRB- stars as James a young boy who hires a Whirlygirl -LRB- Exotic Dancer -RRB- one night to entertain him and a bunch of his friends in a secret little place since it 's prohibited on school grounds . Once the Whirlygirl played by Monet Mazur -LRB- Torque , 40 Days & 40 Nights -RRB- leaves James soon finds out that she has taken a valuable watch from him . So , he asks the head of the school if he can leave to go get the watch and he 'll return before curfew . James tracks down the Whirlygirl at her apartment in which he soon starts to fall for her -LRB- as usual -RRB- . Interesting look but there 's nothing really here to get excited about . Mazur is beautiful and Morris gives a dull performance . Also starring Daniel Franzese -LRB- Bully , Mean Girls -RRB- and a surprising appearance by David Garrison -LRB- Married With Children , Op Center -RRB- as one of Mazur 's customers . Well it was surprising to see him but he didnt have that much to do really . This gets a ** out of ****
 As a long time follower of Alcatraz and its history , to say that I found this film dissapointing is an understatement . Is heavily influenced by the same titled -LRB- and vastly superior -RRB- book by Clark Howard.The story itself centers around six individuals , but mainly Kentucky bank robber Bernard `` Bernie '' Coy - David Carradine trying his best to drag above a painfully wooden script loaded with the worst of B action movie cliche lines . Coy spent years working on the weaknesses of Alcatraz , arguably the most infamous prison in history - only to find out that the only area not heavily enforced was the main guards ' cage , complete with cellblock keys and armaments ! He creates an elaborate escape attempt relying on the help of Marvin Hubbard -LRB- David Morse in the film 's best performance -RRB- , Joe Cretzer -LRB- Howard Hesseman in by far and away the worst -RRB- , `` Buddy '' Thompson -LRB- Jan-Michael Vincent -RRB- , Sam Shockley -LRB- Charles Haid -RRB- , and the only survivor of the whole thing - `` Dan Durando '' -LRB- really Clarence Carnes , his name was kept quiet originally , being a witness and all -RRB- and in May of 1946 they went to work.The crux of the film arrives when the plot goes horribly awry due to a misplaced key and jammed lock . As things get more desperate the cons turn on each other , with the exception of Coy and Hubbard , who were friends to start with . Cellhouse guards are injured and killed , prompting the arrival of the Marines , among others . It is during this point that the film 's biggest flaws really show - aforementioned script , a score that consists of chains clanking and a mechanical `` ugh '' for emphasis , numerous historical and continuity problems too lengthy to mention -LRB- not that I 'm a purist , they were just that bad -RRB- , and the persistent bugger that apparently in all of Alcatraz the only prisoners are our lot and Robert Stroud , the `` Birdman '' -LRB- Dennis Farina , in a role much more dramatic and key in reality -RRB- as cons run down empty cellblocks that previously had random hands sticking out to and fro all over . Without giving away the ultimate ending , things do n't fare too well . And neither does the film , shot on location with some incredible views in that aspect . It comes across as a really low grade B movie , such a sad thing considering what happened and how the film could have been made with better attention to detail - and casting somebody , anybody other than Howard Hesseman . Persons not familiar with the `` crashout '' as it was called might find it interesting as a springboard in to better things . Folks interested in a better popcorn film -LRB- as this is intended to be on some levels -RRB- can check out David Morse yet again in `` The Rock '' or that Clint Eastwood perrenial `` Escape from Alcatraz . '' Just do n't bother with this .
 What a piece of crap movie ! Low budget , cheesy acting , looks like a film student filmed and wrote it . Prison inmates try to break out of prison and just all get killed at the end . Sucked .
 I did n't finish watching this documentary it was that boring ... for me cant say anything good about it . . thought it was going to be a great movie if it had been made into a movie I think it would have been worth watching but not in this form .
 At first , I thought this was camp . The allusions to George Noory/Coast to Coast and Scientology made me laugh as did the `` experts '' describing the church and the `` physics '' of time travel . The neo-Nazi like church members and their flying car were the funniest of all.Then , to my horror , I realized that the movie was actually taking itself seriously . Think Ghost Hunters on SyFy . Like a friend of mine likes to say
 When I read the description I thought , `` This should be fun . '' but honestly , the movie was horrible . The acting was so unbelievable , the camera work was terrible . Yes , I understand it was done on amateurish level , but honestly , even my shaky hand could have done better.This movie is just boring . This does n't stimulate the mind to think further , does n't do anything for the imagination and well , just is n't good . I can not recommend it at all .
 I expected a low budget film , so that was n't the issue . The storyline just dragged . Started pretty well and the ending was interesting . It 's the hour in the middle that was not good . The story is about time travel and I wish I could go back in time and get the time I spent watching this movie back .
 I gave the movie 2 stars for effort and an interesting plot but in the end it can only be described as a mess with bad acting , dialog , and camera work if you can even call it that . Like `` Cloverdale '' , a decent plot was wasted by substituting mock amateur footage for a budget which just results in a sub-standard movie . Even so , it might have been better if the entire movie was done that way because the intercut still-camera interviews of `` experts '' were probably the worst part of the movie and a distraction to the plot .
 Moderately good if compared to high school movies shot with cell phones , but not worth your time . Some good cuts that remind me of the sort of `` eye-witness testimony '' usually trotted out for UFO nuts at Ufology cons , but really , go find some drying paint to watch . Much more entertaining .
 It did have a twist ending . No great special effects or anything , strictly low budget.It is filmed like a documentary , so if you like that style , you will like this one . Kind of like an X-files story . I rented it , and It 's worth watching once .
 I deplore the `` found footage '' genre -- it 's just too juvenile and predictable . From the shaky cameras to the pretentious OMG moments -- I watched about 1 min of this one and when I realized it was a no budget found footage I had to let it go .
 I can not for the life of me see why this movie gets ANY positive reviews ! Picked it on a whim . . the whole 7 day rental thing should have clued me in I guess . Spoiler ... ALL the conspiracy theories explained in one go ... or smashed together willy nilly more like , and their ALL true . The 3 of us watching it were almost insane with frustration by the last part of the movie , but we were NOT going to give up at the last 15 minutes . Why sit thru that torture just to wimp out in the last round . At the end , we were all screaming . . `` Give it BAAAAAAAAACK ! Gim me my neverending hour and a half back ! '' Needless to say , we didnt bother with the rest of the 7 day rental , lol ! Seriously , I STRONGLY recommned you spend your money on something worthwhile . This is not it .
 30 minutes in . laughed a few times about how shitty this is . As a huge scifi fan I must say this isnt worth wasting your time .
 I usually do n't make time to review a film -- but this was just awful . Each subsequent sequence is even more painful to watch . The film makers were well intentioned , but it just does n't work .
 If this movie was made by a bunch of friends with no cinematography or film making background -LRB- e.g. , writing , directing , producing , ect -RRB- , I 'd be inclined to say , `` good effort '' . If , on the other hand , this is what they do for a living ... I 'd recommend looking into a new day job.There are many problems with making a movie like this . First , `` The Blair Witch Project '' has been copied again , and again , and again . For instance , video footage found by someone not related to the project and he/she attempts to tell a story about those in the video who have since disappeared . Next comes the shaky video footage which is often out of focus . Then we get the tired , predictable dialogue . And lastly , the ridiculous props and locations . In this case , we 're asked to believe that a jet pack -LRB- made from what appears to be old leather , backpack frames , and camping cooking gear -RRB- , with a mysterious green stone for power is used for time travel . They might as well have just used a backpack with a flashing red light attached to it . You have to love the character David James , -LRB- who spells his name before participating in an interview , as if spelling it would be difficult -RRB- . James tells us that Elvis , among others , was from the future . Oh and yes , James is a moon escapee . The movie really falls off at this point as we are inundated with numerous interview clips from supposed experts on time travel and all matters of the moon . It becomes disjointed and directionless for a good 25 minutes.Science fiction is about suspending imagination , but the trick is to make it plausible based on the picture the writer creates . In this case , the picture is as porous as a cyclone fence.Verdict
 The way I see it , amateur filmmakers are going for the `` found footage '' genre to hide their lack of skill at making movies . The problem though is that found footage can not serve as an excuse for everything . This movie is not some sort of undiscovered gem . It is bad , period .
 Started out alright , ended up wondering why I kept watching . Lets say that it was mildly entertaining but no pay off .
 This does n't even qualify as dog doo doo . It does not appear to have even had a script . Do yourself a favor , watch anything else .
 If aliens saw this they would destroy humanity as a lost go from the very start . Complete waste of my time and money . Camera work done by a kindergartner , mumbled -LRB- bad -RRB- dialog , crappiest CGI ANYWHERE . Complete gibberish , a mish mash of a lot of popular `` conspiracy '' theories , with no plot binding , utter shash !
 LUNOPOLIS starts well , with the now-familiar Blair Witch-style footage serving its purpose much better than it has in some other movies . The short scenes do their job creating tension and moving along the plot , such as it is . Unfortunately , the whole thing comes to a screeching halt about halfway through when it 's time for the `` interview '' with a new main character and a series of -LRB- albeit authentic-looking -RRB- History Channel-esque documentary sequences . The story never really recovers . This is a no-budget film , so I wo n't harp on the acting or fx or `` sets , '' but there is no excuse for the bad writing and terrible pacing that take over at the midway point . The infodump should have been broken up into smaller segments and interspersed throughout the narrative . As it is , we 're left with an Ancient Aliens episode inserted into the middle of an action-oriented docudrama . It just feels wrong , and is puzzling since the first part of the movie is done so well . I give the filmmakers four stars for creativity in making the `` moon people '' idea sound somewhat plausible , but only one for execution .
 As a sci-fi buff I 'm more interested spectacular scenes that transport me away from today 's world . This movie is more of a docu-drama for conspiracy buffs / cult religions . If you do n't like it in the first five minutes , turn it off .
 I was hoping for an interesting take on the subject with this movie . What I got was the Sci-Fi version of the Blair Witch project . This might have been a fun 30 minute TV episode of Twilight Zone or Outer Limits but not as a full length film . Save your time and watch something else .
 You 've found it . The absolutely worst movie of all time.Do you remember the movies you made in 6th grade for arts class with the script you wrote in an afternoon and cinematography shot in a single day ? Well it was probably better than Lunopolis.The plot is paper-thin . The dialog is tripe . The acting is so bad that you ca n't for a minute loose yourself in the movie and forget that you 're watching a middle-school production.How on earth did this turd end up on Amazon ? The positive reviews have to be shills . There is no other possible explanation .
 When I saw this , I thought well , why not ? I out why , this movie was simply aweful . Do not waste your time .
 This is a tongue in cheek mockumentory of Scientology . The comparisons are laughable and full of humor . Scientology becomes Lunology in the movie , `` looney '' of course meaning crazy . The founder Hilliard is of course H.Ron Hubbard . There are former members of the `` cult '' who escape and warn others . The ending is a twist than only a Scientologist/Lunologist could love .
 No.By that I mean `` No , this movie is not good . '' Or
 Very hap hazard plot . Seemed like nothing more than a vehicle to say `` What the F '' on camera as many times as possible . Made no sense .
 The essence of this movie is that humans live on the moon in the future , but they 're constantly traveling back in time to mess with the timeline . The movie is done in a semi-documentary style.It features a group of male friends that believe they have stumbled upon evidence of a government cover-up . But then they discover that it 's really the Church of Lunology that 's behind the cover-up . Question
 Started out well , but dropped off in the middle . Good story - but it just failed . Maybe I just did not devote 100 % to the movie , but it really did loose me .
 Not what I was expecting , and not in a good way . Ridiculous plot . Not si-fi tech , more si-fi randomness . Corny
 If you took the cast of Ghost Hunters but only gave them $ 10 to work with , you might get this movie . I was grossly misled by the hyper-positive reviews so I kept watching it hoping that I was missing something . This movie is about time travel - it sucked 45 minutes out of my life in what seemed like an eternity . Once I was able to move again , I hit the fast forward to the last two minutes of the movie and barely escaped with my mind mostly intact .
 I think this is a very poor product , comparing to any BBC series like `` Life of the mammals '' or even compared to some NG films that I 've seen before.Content is focused on dismembered bodies -LRB- I still remember the head -LRB- ! -RRB- of a lion cub hanging on what was left of his neck -RRB- . While predators indeed kill prey and each other , normally a naturalist-type documentary would try to show the most interesting scenes and not the most cruel and disgusting , while this one seems to only be interested in separated heads , paws etc , like there is nothing else they could show about animals.Again , what I did not like about this series was not the fact that some cruel scenes were included , but that it was focused on them and featured them as the most important part.Commentary has nothing to do with natural history but more reminds of stupid -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- shows like `` Survivor '' etc.The film is trying to create a false , intimidating image of rare and beautiful predators by artificially combining information taken out of context , and thus by NO means should be advertised as a film on natural history . It also is definitely not suitable for children and at the same time will be boring for most of the adults .
 I downloaded this documentary to my XBox Live and watched it recently . What stroke me is the focus of operator on animal carcasses and bloody fights between animals in dry season . Authors seems to take pleasure not only in shooting lioness , trapped up the tree , but also follow her downfall and then show her dead body hanging from the branch for extended amount of time . They picture harsh life of Africa from the most savage point of view , portraying predators carrying parts of their prey , and taking visible pride in doing so . The main human character -LRB- who , apparently , shot a lot of footage -RRB- is not humane at all , and he even said it at some point , something like `` you have to distance yourself from it '' . Footage of him driving around in an old truck takes too much time of the film and scenes where he talks are really boring . Special effects -LRB- which they needlessly have put in many instances -RRB- are way below modern standards.While the documentary has some nice shots -LRB- cheetah or leopard hunt scenes , especially -RRB- total amount of them is 5 minutes maximum.I would definitely NOT RECOMMEND this show to any animal lover , it just not worth it . Especially , nobody would love to see dead lion cub .
 Well , I will have to add my rather negative feedback to this short list of glowing reviews . Perhaps it has been awhile since I have ventured into the territory of the ` new ' nature of animal documentaries , but I ca n't really recommend this to anyone . This documentary is presented in some kind of faux-militaristic format reminiscent of Desert Storm propaganda or equally squalid fare . Given the wealth of material the producers had to work with , I could n't help but feel they squandered the chance to present these grim conditions with depth and objective grounding.Granted , there is an element of ` territoriality ' that arises naturally from the habits of these predatory animals -- among them leopards , lions , hyenas and cheetahs -- but to reduce this to some sort of ` combat zone ' with ` imbedded ' journalists and tactical ` psy-ops ' reduces a complicated natural ecosystem to a simplistic human militaristic game of strategy , not to mention it hits about 9.6 on the cheeseball index . Did Jeremy Irons really narrate this?I 'm not sure how any of these reviewers could think the writing was of a decent quality , or even apt for the subject . Towards the end of the documentary , it appears even the writer gets tired of the forced analogies , and tones down the militaristic focus -LRB- a bit -RRB- . Despite the incredible footage , I was totally disappointed with the contrived and sensationalist approach . The great paradox is that although some of this material may be unsuitable for kids , they have reduced it to a level that would insult the intelligence of the average teenager .
 There are few nature series I do n't like , but I hated this one . The constent freeze frames and comparing every single predator to military machines was ridiculous . I understand some people are bored with good artistic filming and want more excitement , but when showing how animals survive in the wild it should only be added in moderate proportions . Between the narator going on about how warrior-like the animals were in a harsh voice , and the constant comparisons to machine blueprints this series lost me .
 As the title reads , very little insight with even less thoughtful commentary in this `` Big animals with bigger teeth are fighting !! Get your camera ! '' video.Dissapointing work from National Geographic .
 I bought this DVD for my husband -LRB- who watches Ferguson on TV nightly -RRB- and we watched it together but neither of us found him to be very funny in this format . Alot of the jokes we 've heard before . Now that we own it I dought we 'll ever watch it again . I would recommend renting it but not for purchase .
 I had such high hopes for this DVD . I like Craig on T.V. and thought `` wow this was going to be fantastic ! '' . I would n't pay to go to one of his shows.I almost laughed twice .
 I am not totally convinced after watching this you will make KILLER PRESENTATIONS . The video is a compilation of many sessions edited -LRB- not well -RRB- together , in fact at some points it is very distracting.The presenter gives you techniques to follow , and then he does n't do them himself , which to me is a bit hypocritical.It is not the best video on presentation skills , but there are some valid points . I would not recommend this video as `` the '' video on presentation skills , but take what you can from it .
 This DVD was so disappointing . I purchased it based on the recommendation of the reviewers . First , it flips through three different locations , which is annoying . Secondly , it covers just the basics of presenting . Rapport requires far more advanced skills that are suggested by a reviewer . There is no significant content substance from an advanced speaker 's prespective . While the presenter is very good in both style and delivery , you can glean this information off any public speaking website . His language skills , humor and pace are excellent , but when you boil down the common knowledge content , you feel a bit ripped off for paying the hefty price of $ 99.00 . Id ' give the content a 1 star . His style is deserving of more , but the price really should have been around $ 59.00 in my opinion . So I 'm giving the product only 2 stars . Also , his marketing staff should make it clear this is beginner stuff .
 I purchased this DVD and have had MAJOR difficulties reproducing the results that are being demo 'd on the DVD . I am pretty tech savvy and I am finding myself completely frustrated at the moment . I have watched DVD multiple times and I 'm following along step by step , yet it 's not working . I have a more recent version of PPT , but that really should n't be an issue in my mind . Too bad it 's too late for a refund . Give it shot if you own PPT 2007 , but I would n't bother wasting your money if I were you . It 's hardly worth the aggravation for the steep price that you are paying . Sorry to say that I am very dissatisfied . So my recommendation is to not waste your money and look elsewhere .
 i am disappointed with my dvd copy of 90 minutes to killer presentation skills . i realize that many people are very satisfied with this product ... maybe they received a different version than the one i got.Firstly large parts of the 7 minutes trailer of the program are completely missing in my version . How do i know this ? i noticed that the trailer had green slides in the presentations whereas mine had blue ones and lets not forget the missing scenes.Is the trailer advertising for the 1st edition or is it the portion of the program that was edited out in my version?Is there a difference between the american version of this program and the international version?If there is , they should have mentioned it or in the ideal situation let us choose which version we the customer prefer.If the trailer is advertising for the first edition they should replace it with a new trailer for the 2nd edition , so that it actually represents what is on the second edition of the dvd!Also my version only runs for about 76 minutes , whereas on amazon it says the dvd has an 84 minute running time . Is this the additional footage that was edited out?The main thrust of this program is delivery . So know what youre buying when you get this . It is not the A-Z of speech making , its more like the A-Y of speech DELIVERY.In that way it is unbalanced , it does not cover speech preparation/writing or content gathering in any depth.However it is excellent at what it it does teach -LRB- Speech Delivery -RRB- . What irritates me most about this dvd , is the fact that what is advertised does not correspond to the actual program . Its like watching the trailer for a blockbuster film , which advertises arguably the best parts of the film.Then going to the actual film and finding that all those best parts from the trailer have been edited out!The film may not be bad but what gets to you is that you did not get what you wanted or expected!You did not get what had lured you to watch the film in the first place ! Thats exactly how i feel about this dvd !
 very disappointing , though it would be the history of Joseph Smith and his family . Instead it really did not tell much about them .
 The picture of this DVD is in 1.77:1 Aspect Ratio . Not in the 2.35:1 Aspact Ratio that was presented in the theaters.This is FULL SCREEN for 16:9 TV 's . . !! There no trailers on this DVD .
 This is a sort of mystery thriller without car chases and gun battles . The plot is that a young man is recruited by a CIA operative played by Al Pacino and soon nothing is what is seems . The problem of course is that for such a film to work one has to care . In this rather slow moving film one does not care and one tends to go to sleep as the plot plods on and on.The film is devoted mainly to the training given to CIA recruits . What is portrayed is vaguely like the training done for those who join the Mossad . One wonders how realistic it is as a large number of actual CIA employees would be desk jockeys who would look at a computer all day . Never the less we follow our intrepid hero as he and his class mates learn the secrets of counter intelligence , or maybe just intelligence . The background is that the central character?s father might have been a CIA agent and this mystery gives the Al Pacino power to manipulate him.The central premise to the film is totally absurd and plot hole follows plot hole . The manipulation of the main character is so transparently stupid that one would think that six year old children would say , this is not real . The only positive side to the film is , no in fact there is not positive side to the film .
 ... I did n't actually make it through the movie . No time constraints ; I just abruptly remembered that I was n't tied to the chair , and I did n't want to waste any more of my life on the possibility it might get better.Checking out some online criticisms later , it looks like I made a good decision . Turns out the opening 40 minutes that I found so intolerable were the GOOD part of the movie . Wow , who would have thought?Continuing my fairness theme , the movie was not without merit . Colin Farrell was as likeable as he could possibly be , when you consider that he was given nothing of interest to say . Had a young Tom Cruise -LRB- or any other mundane , annoying actor -RRB- played the role , we 'd have an early candidate for the `` Top Gun '' of the 00 's . And I mean this in the worst possible way.But , no , Farrell is a likeable , interesting actor , and so the movie never sinks to that ridiculous level . Al Pacino was less successful . In a role -LRB- God , apparently -RRB- that desperately needed to be underplayed , he played it exactly as written . Ca n't blame him for that , I guess , but we can second-guess his appearance in the film at all . I would have guessed that Al Pacino had options . Apparently not.Now that I 've been so fair , allow me to indulge my distaste with the movie just a bit . The screenplay is hopeless trash . Situation , dialogue , characterization -- all bad . The most obvious , derivative piece of crap I 've seen in quite awhile . No amount of directorial or acting expertise was going to overcome this amateurish effort.So if the part I watched actually was `` the good part , '' then I really am being quite fair . Going overboard in fact ... another hour of my life wasted would certainly have cost it another star . No need to thank me , Recruit fans .
 I tried watching this film twice , but I fell asleep in the middle both times . Is Al Pacino 's character good or bad ? The plot twists and turns like the choreography of an epileptic break dancer , but I just did ` nt care . In the end , I was snoozing.I 'm glad I was ` nt in a theatre watching this , those seats are so bad for napping .
 Although somewhat interesting at the beginning -LRB- the only reason that I gave the movie more than one star -RRB- , this movie has some obvious flaws in the plot which prevent the story from being believable enough to be enjoyable . For instance , Langley is supposed to be secured to the extent that people can not remove files by means of a floppy disk -LRB- a storage meduim which is very limited in capacity -RRB- . However , they can remove files more via a thumb drive -LRB- a vastly more capacious medium -RRB- . There are numberous other examples of technical flaws . From a technical standpoint , movies like Short Circuit and War Games are more believable.There are other problems as well . In one of the twists in the plot , the female agent hands a note off to field agent saying that Colin Farrell 's character '' ... showed too much interest in her '' . This event was not one that necessitated her meeting a field agent , she could 've spoke to the agent at work . Yet , she acted like it was urgent for her to pass that note -LRB- by the way , this was one of the most important moments in the movie -RRB- . There are much many more instances worth mentioning . However , I do n't feel like writing more at the moment -LRB- perhaps i 'll write more about this film at a later date -RRB- . Also , it 's derivative of A Beautiful Mind ... but not enough to be worth watching . Do n't buy , rent . On second thought , rent A Beautiful Mind instead of this piece of garbage .
 I have to say I was disappointed with this movie . It started out with a relatively interesting premise and the training scenes were quite enjoyable . Unfortunately it then descended into farce , with contrived twist after contrived twist.The characters were underdeveloped , apart from Farrell and Pacino . Farrell is solid throughout and proves he can carry a film . Pacino , however , seems to be on autopilot and delivers the same shouty performance he seems to give in every film of late .
 Pacino will do anything these days it seems . Not a good movie at all . Also continues Mr. Ferrils box office poison position in Hollywood . Why do people pay the man when everything he performs in fails utterly ?
 I agree with the one star reviews , by and large . See it on TV if you must - it 's a forgettable film . A silly thriller .
 It reminded me a lot of another `` Major Failure '' named Basic , of John Travolta , and it gave me the same astonishing impression out of a question without an answer
 There is a popular film genre that Hollywood ca n't seem to resist remaking at least once or twice a decade . This genre is what I call The Grizzled Veteran Teaches the Wide-Eyed Rookie . In THE RECRUIT , director Roger Donaldson tries to combine this genre with several others with only middling success . Al Pacino is the Grizzled Veteran CIA head spook Walter Burke who takes the Yale educated computer whiz James Clayton -LRB- Colin Farrel -RRB- as a CIA agent in training . The training scenes that show CIA boot camp are the film 's most interesting even if the training itself is most unbelievable . If the CIA really teaches its rookie agents how to be neophyte James Bonds , then it is no surprise that the real life CIA is as inept as it is . For another film with a similar theme try 13 RUE MADELINE in which James Cagney puts his rookie agents through a training regimine that smacks of real-life use . Director Donaldson seemed fascinated with the turncoat agent played by Richard Conte and reprised his role as sexy Farsi-speaking female agent Layla -LRB- Bridget Moynahan -RRB- , who predictably has a steamy love affair with Colin Farrel . It is when THE RECRUIT leaves the pseudo-world of CIA training for the pseudo-world of CIA love affairs that this film goes seriously astray . The manipulating that Pacino pulls on both Moynahan and Farrel is so obvious that he might just as well have attached puppet strings to their limbs . Without giving away what is supposed to be a surprise ending , I began to suspect that truly sometimes things are exactly what they seem . Director Donaldson does not make things easy for the audience by linking plot events in such a way that the links connect nowhere . It is one thing for a director to mislead the audience in a witty way . It is quite another when that director has so little respect for the audience that he does not even pretend to tie up loose ends that cry out for tying.It is not Pacino 's fault that THE RECRUIT is a glossy superficial film that on one level is a recruiting film much like TOP GUN was fifteen years ealier . Pacino plays his war-weary character with just the right note . At times his exhortations to his charges have the ring of Master Po to Grasshopper from KUNG FU . Still , you would think that a master spook like his Burke character would have been smart enough to take his own good advice . Colin Farrel is unconvincing as an inchoate piece of play dough waiting to be molded . The ending is a contrived piece of cinematic fluff that was inserted only because THE RECRUIT was touted as a thriller . Since this film was not a true thriller , I suggest that for future thrillers , Director Donaldson rent 13 RUE MADELINE to see how legitimate spine-tingling suspense can be generated when a director has respect for his audience .
 Frankly , this was a pretty poor movie in most respects . Having said that , I still personally enjoyed it , but being objective I 'd say it 's far from an Oscar contender.The plot is pretty straightforward , an apparently brilliant and very athletic bartender and computer programmer and hacker -LRB- something which due to the absolutely ridiculous techno-babble and buzz words used in the movie is less then believable -RRB- extraordinaire played by Colin Farrell , is recruited to work for the CIA by William Burke -LRB- a fairly solid performance by Al Pacino -RRB- . Of course , Farrel finds a love interest , and various different missions and training ensues as they are brought to ` The Farm ' , the alias for a CIA training facility.The plot begins to develop and Colin Farrell 's character finds himself played the fool in a fairly interesting set of plot twists -LRB- the goal here is to prove that nothing is as it seems , although they were never convincing enough to have me believing any of it -RRB- . I wo n't ruin the plot , but it 's nothing all that impressive anyway . In the end I was fairly entertained and the whole idea of the film was pretty interesting , but all in all it 's a fairly weak film -LRB- from the acting to everything else -RRB- .
 ... especially to those who 've read Mailer 's * Harlot 's Ghost * -LRB- i.e. , young man with `` father issues '' gets recruited by an overwhelmingly charismatic sensei-type from CIA , followed by training at the Farm , etc. etc. -RRB- . Al Pacino delivering yet another Big Speech near the end will also seem tiresomely familiar . The plot of * The Recruit * keeps twisting and turning , but to no real purpose
 I must agree with another reviewer in saying that this film was simply Training Day redone , but at least Training Day had some good acting , and gritty realism to the characters . This film was more like a made-for-television lark . The character `` Burke '' Pichino 's character I found both interesting and annoying at the same time . Pichino is an awesome actor however his trademark for long winded , pointless speeches towards the end of some of his films -LRB- unfortunately this one as well -RRB- seems to indicate vanity instead of acting acumen . This is annoying because I know that he can do better , and this was sophomore effort.The other characters were wooden and unteresting . I did n't care if Burke was a traitor , because this bloody movie was so bad I wanted Burke to get away . I wanted Burke to succeed because in all reality the other characters were too incompotent to win in the end . Instead of giving the main character a lecture at the end , he should 've whacked him ! In looking for him in some warehouse , why does Burke bust his head through a glass door ? Save your money and rent it if you truly must see it .
 I know why Colin Farrell did this , but how Al Pacino could read this script and think , `` Wow , I have to do this movie ! '' baffles me . Not a terrible movie by any means , but not a necessary one , either .
 Yes , without exaggerating , that 's what this movie is all about . -LRB- Of course , the usual sex and hormones , too ! -RRB- The 20-somethings of the world are taking everything over , even Al Pacino 's high paying job!There 's a real message in this movie , which probably went over 99 % of people 's heads . We over-the-hill types are discriminated against all the time in the workplace because we are simply over 40 years of age . A landmark federal law even had to be passed to protect us from the rest of you young-ens ! While the movie takes it to ridiculous lengths , pay very close attention to Al Pacino 's emotional speech at the very end of the movie . It 's absolutely the only redeeming thing about this pathetic Bourne Identity rip-off !
 This movie comes from a world in which the CIA only employees good looking , athletic , top of their class engineers who are very happy to sit in high tech classrooms learning how to use weapons just to get low pay . So of course the plot leaves everything to be desired , as does , for the most part , the acting . The sinister twist in the plot is of course silly , and the MIT engineer nods knowingly at the technobabble.If you want to watch a good spy thriller , watch Smiley 's People instead . The acting is superb and it is much more entertaining . If you want to go for some action , watch The Professional instead .
 I had high hopes for this movie . I had heard it was loosely based on the Harold Nicholson case where a veteran CIA officer who worked on `` the Farm '' began spying for the Russians.The first twenty minutes or so do n't disappoint . The scenes where Pacino recruits Ferrell and the training at the Farm seem to be pretty realistic and well done.But after that , the movie pretty much flies off into a never-never land that I 'm sure would leave veteran CIA officers laughing with derision at what passes for a story . I do n't want to spoil the plot for those who must see it , but suffice to say , CIA agents are not likely to ever , ever chase each other and engage in gunfights in Washington DC . In fact , they are n't very likely to do that in foreign countries either . I think as the Russians said , `` When the guns come out , intelligence ends . ''
 I saw this moive in the theater with a large group of people with varying taste every person thought that it was the worse movie they have ever seen . Guys if you like Al Pacino and thinl he can do no wrong you will still hate this movie trust me . It is terible and what makes it worse is that they try and make it complicted so as to pass as an inteligent movie and hide the lack of a plot and acting that destroys this movie . It also has that generic feel to it you can tell the writers did no research about the topic and instead just tried to count on two big names to carry this terrible move . Nobody with any taste can enjoy this movie .
 I love Al Pacino . But Al Pacino looks and seems so tired in this movie . I want to see the Classic Pacino of The Godfather , Serpico and Dog Day Afternoon . I 'd even settle for the Comeback Pacino of Scent of a Woman , Carlito 's Way , Heat , The Devil 's Adocate , Donnie Brasco , and The Insider . But in The Recruit , all we get is the Post-Insomnia Pacino who says his lines with such strained physical exertion that you can feel the weight of every word . Pacino 's choices of late have been questionable -LRB- Anyone catch Simone or People I Know ? -RRB- so The Recruit is a step in the right direction . The plot and its CIA techno-babble hold its own and Colin Farrell is charasmatic enough to keep things going but the whole time I was waiting for Pacino to make the The Recruit worth my while . That never happened . When the credits finally rolled I felt I had finished watching the film more out of courtesy than genuine interest .
 I felt the whole movie was very predictable - I pretty much figured out everything that was going to happen in the scene before it happened . Colin Farrel is a great actor and he does a really good job in his role , I just do n't think he had much to work with . Al Pacino has done a lot better with both chosing roles and acting . This is n't a movie I would watch again .
 This movie took a while to pick up ; only after he 's kicked out of the CIA club does it pick up . But Colin Farrell 's character is amazingly naive and gullible . If it was real life you 'd wonder how he survived as far as he did . Some people like this movie for its `` suspense '' but I disliked it because the protagonist was such an imbecile .
 The Recruit was one of those movies where you ca n't say it 's great , but you ca n't say it 's bad either . It was about a guy who get 's recruited by the CIA . He goes through training with a group of people , and graduates -LRB- or so he thinks -RRB- and get 's an assignment . But then he realizes that everything is a test ... That 's it . Not much more to say about it .
 Spinning a web of lies and deceit to save the world , Al Pacino recruits computer wiz Colin Farrell to join the CIA ; Pacino performs a magic act to highlight to Farrell that everything is not as it appears and so it is with the CIA as well . He ends up at `` The Farm '' which is almost like a boarding school for trainees . There Farrell falls for another trainee nicely played by Bridget Moynihan . The web grows more and more complex as Farrell is thrust into a position to out a double agent that has infiltrated `` The Farm '' and the CIA in hopes of obtaining a powerful computer program called Ice 9 . Roger Donaldson has directed a number of terrific pictures . This is n't one of them . Everything is EXACTLY as it appears in this predictable and routine thriller . Hitchcock would have been ashmed at the mundane writing and plotting of this lazy thriller . This is connect the dots screenwriting ; you know exactly where the film is going , how it 's going to get there and what the outcome is within the first hour of the film.The film is saved by a couple of nice performances by Pacino , Farrell and the marvelous Bridget Moynihan . The extras highlight what is known about the real CIA Farm and what sort of training they go through . Our guide is a real CIA operative -LRB- or so he says -- maybe things are n't as they appear ... mmmmm -RRB- . The best thing about the film is the glimpse into what might be the mode the CIA uses to train and wash out recruits to the agency . Regardless , it 's clear it would take a special type of person to work for the CIA ; as Pacino points out , it ai n't for the money , the chicks or the fame as they do n't get any of that . It 's a pity because the folks that do work for the CIA -LRB- whether or not you agree with what they do -RRB- certainly deserve a better film to celebrate them than this half hearted thriller .
 Another predictable , boring , and totally unbelievable , overblown , pointless Hollywood production . Do we really need to see Al Pacino in another meaningless `` mentor '' film ? I do n't think so . One week his recruit is a bartender and voila , the next he 's in the CIA ... WOW ! Can you believe that one ? Avoid unless you like bad spy films .
 THE RECRUIT starts off with promise and has some intriguing elements , which makes it all the more disappointing that it ends up being just another Hollywood thriller . Colin Farrell stars as a young computer guy who is recruited by Al Pacino to join the CIA . He reluctantly agrees , and undergoes their extensive training . During training , he meets Layla Moore , an attractive young woman for whom he develops feelings.From there things take numerous twists and turns , most of which are simply not that believable . The movie is one of the few that actually examines CIA training , and many of those scenes are inherently interesting . However , the main case/plot is too convuluted and uninteresting to carry the rest of the movie . The standard chases and double crosses are all here , and are pretty tired . It 's hard to get excited about a spy thriller that is so static -LRB- it 's based entirely in the DC area -RRB- . Pacino plays his typical role , and Colin Farrell is good , but their performances get lost in the murk.The best part of the DVD is a bonus featurette that examines CIA training . The featurette is more interesting than the movie itself , which really shows that the writer and director of THE RECRUIT blew it .
 Pacino took a step down in acting in this film . It really is not that realistic and I found several of the scenes to be bogged down in dramatic blah that in real life would not have happened . Sure , I realize it is just a movie but I have to challenge the director in asking what exactly he was trying to accomplish here . It has some fun action scenes but I suppose the plot is what suffers the most here , and when the plot falls , it all falls down.Al Pacino is a star , but why they had a bozo of an actor like Farrell in there alongside him is beyond me . Farrell can never add any emotion to anything he is in and I felt actually hurt this films chances of being better . Bridget Moynahan is also in it and I like her and wish she was in more films like this . If you want drama films that center on good storytelling , skip this movie .
 The Trainer reveals something about America 's world of thinkin
 1 . You do n't get the CIA to actively help you , and `` divulge '' secrets especially for your flick unless there is something in it for them .2 . The whole premise of the first 1/3rd of the movie is to make the CIA look like a big Gen Y sleepover/campout .3 . Pacino 's George Bush inspired rant about `` Our cause is just '' and how in a world of right and wrong `` we choose right '' is obviously an appeal to the post 9-11 mentality . The CIA probabally fed the dialouge to the producer/director because it had worked so well in thier focus group studies.This is a CIA advertisment with some plot development thrown in.The last half of the movie could be considered a stand alone story , but first you have to sit through a CIA `` infomercial '' . Not that it 's a bad infomercial , but still underhanded and obnoxious if you see it for what it is . `` nothing is what it seems '' HA HA .
 very poor movie . I feel sad for Al Pacino ... he had to agree to play in this film ? ... Training sessions for CIA agents are ridiculous ... they 're trained all together ??? Al Pacino as an instructor ... and he is teaching every single class ?! It 's BS.Bad , bad , bad movie . Bad plot , bad implementation and yes , bad acting too.Big disappointment .
 It was actually kinda boring . Farrell can suprisingly act . I fell asleep most of the movie but the ending still made sense !
 The recruit is a pure ego play for Pacino and Farrell . The movie itself makes no sense and is n't even interesting . Avoid this DVD at all costs !
 Ok so I read the reviews and liked what I saw for the most part . I 'm also a big fan of Kathleen Quinlan . However , this is one of those movies that has a great plot , starts off with just enough to hold your interest , and just as things are really starting to heat up , the movie ends leaving you with more questions than answers . Enough reviews have been given as to what the movie 's about . A woman takes in battered women on a ranch/farm she owns to protect them from their abusers and give them a safe place to go . However , the protector -LRB- Kathleen Quinlan -RRB- ends up being more than a little `` off '' . Why ? Who knows ... The problem with this movie is that just around the time we see this woman 's temper and realize she 's more harm than good . . the movie has about 5 minutes left to it . It ends where this would be the middle of most movies . You never really get to know the characters ; just the behavior . . and even that is very limited . Alot of potential was there but it seriously fell short . ` Harm 's Way ' ends just as the action begins.Very disappointing ...
 I sincerely believe Ram Dass himself probably does n't want you to watch this film . Shot in the very early days of his return from India , the film captures Dass apparently trying to turn a group of Caucasian drop-outs into Hindus For A Day . Dass ' primary message is that Raja Yoga can give you an LSD-high without the expense and illegality . The film makers try to back that claim with low-tech attempts at psychedelic visuals that merely wind up looking ludicrous . Hippies doing shoulder stands appear no more mystical when projected upside down.Evolution of a Yogi would be good for a laugh if it was n't for the $ 2.99 rental price , which is exorbitant for a 28 minute short .
 Once again frontline takes a topic , that 's been handled in 60 different ways and tries to convince you that they 're doing something unique heroine is bad you will get addicted to it very easily and ruin your life . So now frontline tries to insert stories of collateral damage from Mr. brownstone my heart goes out to that girl and her family but could n't you say using her stories entertainment is somewhat depressing I would not recommend this documentary for someone withdrawling from opium or any opium derivatives it will only make you feel worse and you do n't need that at this juncture after two with three of these documentaries you 've seen them all respectfully Johnny Irish
 It is one of the worst Front line reports and the excuses do not add up . It is only good because it shows the how falsehoods can be provided to allow the public to foot the bill for bad if not criminal management and the excuse is that the economy would fail . The whole show fails to talk about the huge income that the main players in this drama receive and benefit from the bailout as it unfolds . Yet it does not stop the misery of millions it is suppose to safe . Instead it lets the rich get richer at the direct expense of the 99 % . The key problems missing in this documentary :1 . Henry Paulson receives 100 million tax free .2 . Lehman brothers is Goldman Sacks main competitor . Not mentioned . Goldmann directly benefits when they fail .3 . Henry Paulson worked for Goldman Sacks , Timothy Geithner could not even do fill out his own tax return in time and then became the US Treasurer ? . Try not filling out your tax return in time and see if the government forgives you .4 . They never mention William Black and accounting control fraud . William black is a former regulator who testifys to congress . Search this `` Describes fraud and liers loans in the economic crisis . `` 5 . Then the worst part is this : `` According to a report of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston , there was another way . Why not save the people who were at risk ? If the people were helped , they would be able to pay their mortgages , the banks would not have needed to be rescued and the financial crisis would have been considerably less severe . The cost ? They calculated up to $ 50 Billion dollars overall - less than 10 % of what was approved for banks.Refined variants of the proposals that the researchers have worked on would reduce the amount to just $ 1 billion dollars , the interest cost of deferred payments , which could be paid either by borrowers or servicers.The Treasury decided to bail out the banks instead . At the time the US Treasury Secretary was Henry Paulson , previously Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the investment bank Goldman Sachs.According to the study by the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston researchers , the people who were at risk were those who lost jobs and had mortgages for more than the value of their homes . Just by helping these people a little to get by until they had another job , their problem would be solved . If the people were bailed out , there might not have been a need to bail out the banks at all . `` Then after all this . We have this compelling statement of the fact . `` If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issue &#65279; of their currency , first by inflation then by deflation , the banks and the corporations will grow up around &#65279; them , will deprive the people of all property until their children wake up homeless on the &#65279; continent their fathers conquered . The issuing power should be taken from the banks and restored to the people , to whom it properly belongs . `` Thomas Jefferson
 Love this movie ... It is hilarious ... It keeps you laughing until the very end of the movie ... RIP Bernie Mac ... You aree missed
 I thought this movie was going to be so funny but nope it 's just stupid if you ask me . It 's a shame too cuz usually Bernie Mack is pretty funny .
 Proves the point that you cant out-act the director . Nothing wrong with the script or actors , the director must be the one to blame . Not a total waste of time , but pretty close .
 Some may find it funny not all , it is because it too offensive with too much of bad words and too much of naked intercourse going on , my christian mom turned her mom would n't watch it . I already knew from a sec . when I saw first part that she would not watch it because when he was in bed with a woman that made him speaking gibberlish ... I was like oh man ! Mom ai n't got ta like it . anyway I kept it to watch it for myself , my bro , or dad also family/friends . I also do n't blame ppl who do n't want to . But at the end , it is like too nice with his friend and him making a bonding with daughter .
 i do n't think the `` F '' word is necessary to make this picture . i would never let my wife or daughters watch any kind of picture where the only word used is the `` F '' word . this is an example of poor judgement on the part of the producers and director . i do not recommend this movie , another piece of garbage .
 This movie was awful . I like it for reasons being that this was Bernie and Issaic last movie before thet died .
 My Illusion is shattered . After scores of orders from Amazon , I got a real dud . Looks like this is VCRd from televison -LRB- maybe even French television -RRB- . This is such a poor recording that it is not really viewable . If I could give it less than 1 star it would get it . And yes , it was returned . That was the only good thing about this transaction .
 Do not waste even the 1.99 for renting this moviethere are multiple things which make this a movie that should be passed over and not rented1 -RRB- sound quality is terrible - most of the opening scene can not be understood and unfortunately the one actor who can be understood over acts and delivers an amateurish performance ,2 -RRB- movie is not rated for some reason - but needs to have a rating assigned - the movie is not acceptable for children with the first five minutes featuring a murder and shows the murderer about to cut off the finger of the victim with a pair of gardening clippers .3 -RRB- movie is a direct cops / murder without he intellectual aspect of the true Sherlock Holmes movies.television shows , If you are looking for a Sherlock Holmes in the genre of Basil Rathborne or Jeremy Britt - this is not it .
 One cup of coffee away from a psycho ward or one cigarette puff short of nuclear meltdown , James Woods is always a fascinating study for an audience that thrives on the unpredictable . This movie could have used more of his patented bug-eyed nuttiness . As it stands , Woods plays the role of unconventional cop in pretty conventional fashion , which , coupled with a murky , uninvolving script and slack direction , amounts to subpar and generally uninteresting slasher fare . There are moments of genuine quirkiness , as when he seemingly ad-libs a cynical remark suggesting that sex rather than sensitivity is what motivates his interest in Lesley Ann Warren . But those moments are few and far between , and I suspect this film went from production directly to video release without a commercial run . Woods should give up the lover-boy fling and stick to his specialty -- being the edgiest guy in Hollywood . That should be enough for anyone .
 Some good action scenes
 Clicked on `` Watch Now '' but the video wo n't play . I paid $ 2.00 for nothing . Did I do something wrong ? I 'm signed in to my account . Not sure what 's up with that .
 Maybe it was my computer though ... not sure who to blame . I just had major trouble trying to get this to work and ended up not being able to .
 This entire series is nothing more than a childish exposition of every politically correct ideation any group of apparent idiots could come up with.This is beyond a waste of time , it is a slap in the face to the intelligence of the viewing public . How this incredibly dreadful series has continued for so long can only be explained by looking at the vast numbers of people that actually re-elected a proven failure of a President recently . It would seem that a disturbing number of people are ... well , stupid and I suppose they need to be entertained by idiotic garbage such as &#34; Grey 's Anatomy &#34; .
 John Huston 's Reflections in a Golden Eye is like Tennessee Williams rewritten by the Monty Python team for Russ Meyer and directed by Stanley Kubrick as a contractual obligation , with dialogue filled with non sequiters and surreal flights of fantasy , increasingly absurd situations and relationships , all shot with a sepia-tinted color scheme that takes the title way too literally and a solemn , detached look that 's worryingly close to implying we 're meant to take this all very , very seriously . At other times it 's as if Huston decided that the only way to approach such ripe material was to send it up , with Marlon Brando and Elizabeth Taylor competing to see who can come up with tha mows rhidicluss Sahffan accsunt , Marlon drowning any hope of a decent performance in a sea of mannerisms while Liz gives a magnificent display of bad acting inbetween sticking her behind in the air as often as possible as the slut on a hot tin roof.A tale of stolen spoons , over-zealous yard clearance , horsewhips , repressed desires , murderous passions and a tragic failure to communicate set in an army base where all the square pegs are expected to fit into round holes , it piles absurdity on absurdity as voyeuristic private Robert Forster sneaks into Liz 's bedroom to watch her sleep and sniff her clothes , but it 's Marlon who really has the hots for him after seeing him riding bareback and naked . But then you know that things are screwed when Julie Harris is the most normal character , and she 's performed an act of self-mutilation with the garden shears -LRB- `` She 's alright . She 's just neurotic '' -RRB- and is planning on leaving her husband to run a prawn boat with her ballet-dancing peacock-painting Rachmaninov-obsessed Filipino manservant Anacleto who dreams of boots full of squirming baby mice -LRB- Zorro David , dubbed by Bond movie regular Robert Rietty -RRB- . Traditionally you 'd say that it will all end badly , but for anyone without a taste for absurd southern Gothic that goes for the beginning and middle as well.Warners DVD offers a 2.35:1 widescreen transfer with the original golden tint that was used for the film 's first engagements and rapidly withdrawn , but not the more natural colour transfer that was most viewers are familiar with . In addition to much mute black and white home movie footage of the shoot , the original theatrical trailer is also included .
 If you sit through this strange film to the ending -LRB- you should be rewarded for stamina -RRB- , you are treated to the stupidest camera work you could imagine . It is laughable . The last scene is the dramatic high point , but the director and cinematographer abolutely ruin a moment that could have been decent . If you 've seen it , you may agree . It practically screams motion sickness . What a cheap trick.As for the film itself , it is bizarre . There are a handful of characters who are all in one way or another sad or pathetic or deranged . Marlon Brando gurgles and mumbles his way through the movie -LRB- where did he ever get that affectation , that strange manner of speaking ? He was fine in `` Streetcar '' -RRB- . Anyway , he plays a closeted military school instructor married to a silly , shrill , vapid broad played by Elizabeth Taylor . She gives me the impression of a washed up and -LSB- . . -RSB- Scarlett O'Hara . We are not told how these two opposites ever got together . Maybe they lost a bet . She refers to him as Prissy , and he calls her a slattern . Both correct , I might add.Brando 's character is silently obsessed with one of the young military men -LRB- who is stalking Brando 's wife quietly -RRB- ; Taylor is involved secretly with their friend -LRB- Brian Keith -RRB- , whose depressed wife -LRB- Julie Harris -RRB- is recovering from a miscarriage and a depression in which she mutilated herself.A highlight of the film is Julie Harris ' Filipino houseboy Anacleto
 I do n't know because when I received the DVD , it would not play on either of my DVD players or on my computer DVD player , so have n't been able to see the movie . Am still trying to get a copy that will play . It was returned to the seller who credited my account very promptly .
 Reflections in a Golden Eye throws a lot of kinky , wierd , and highly sexual scenes and ideas at it 's audience and still manages to be a really slow bore . Brando is admittingly terrific as the repressed homosexual army officer , but that ca n't save this dull and uncapitivating mistake of a movie . The subplot of Julie Harris and her super obedient houseman is downright ridiculous and the final scene with Liz schrieking is incredibly campy .
 In theory having Marlon Brando and Elizabeth Tayler co-starring and John Huston directing is suppose to be a good thing . Three of the most talented people to ever put in their time in the industry , the picture would have to good right ? No , not this time around at least . Theory becomes reality in a lackluster film called Reflections in a Golden Eye.Brando and Taylor are a married couple named Weldon and Leonora Penderton . They are living together on a military base in the south where Brando is stationed . It is quickly established that there is no love left in this marriage . Leonora enjoys riding horses and meeting up with her lover , Lt. Colonel Langdon -LRB- Brian Keith -RRB- . Langdon is their neighbor and is also in a failing marriage . His wife , Allison -LRB- Julie Harris -RRB- , is a psychotic , or perhaps manic depressive , who is into self-mutilation and hanging out with her caretaker , Anacleto -LRB- Zorro David -RRB- . Weldon spends his time tending to his duties with an apparent sense of doom . The only time Leonora and Weldon share is when Lt. Langdon comes over to play cards . Weldon is aware of the affair , but he does not care because it is strongly implyed that he is a homosexual . Futhermore he is obsessed with a young private he has seen walking naked through the woods near his home . At first he trys to fight his feelings toward this man and he goes through all the emotions , disgust , denial , fear , anger , and finally , lust and longing . Leonora is similarly unhappy but has different ways of surpressing her impending sadness . All this makes for a morbid film with an even more morbid ending.In 1967 this film was probably consided pretty edgey and risque . By todays standards it is not . Brando does a good job of expressing Weldon 's pent-up homosexual urges , but it gets to the point when the implications become annoying . Taylor , usually a fine performer , is hammy and does three films worth of over acting . The pacing of this film is dreadfully slow . And in the end all that is really said about these characters is that they were all miserable . I did not enjoy it .
 This is a highly improbable mess of a film . First , the acting is bad all around . Brian Keith is probably the best , simply because he 's a bit restrained . Elizabeth Taylor is somewhat less incredible than usual . She does a Southern accent fairly well , but ca n't get any believable feeling into the lines she mouths . Julie Harris , who usually CAN act , is completely unbelievable as a mental case
 I did order the DVD for ` Reflection in A golden eye ' among other DVDs.This one is defective . I can not make it start !!!
 First off , the golden tint . John Huston is really smart , so this is artistic license . No , not really . It 's because the title is `` Reflections in a GOLDEN Eye '' . Get it ? Golden ... Eye . Is this a subtle nuance or was Huston just drunk?Next , Brando 's voice . Perhaps the most ridiculous accent or whatever it is I have ever heard . Seriously , if he had spoken with a Donald Duck imitation it would not be less ludicrous.I grew up in the Sixties ; I love offbeat Sixties films . But this one is a real stinker .
 Waste of money ... this is the second time I 've purchased this dvd , and neither one played on my player . I tried different players and all said disc is incompatible , and YES , it said for USA and Canada only Region 1 so it 's supposed to play . so lame
 I have a lot of respect for Clint Eastwood , although I do n't love all of his work . But I find it particularly difficult to judge Bird objectively as a film because it is such an awful rendering of Charlie Parker the musician , the person , the radical innovator . I do n't know where to start , but I 'll try starting with Forest Whitaker whose gentleness , passivity , introversion , and vulnerability -- so appealing in many other roles -- is grossly out of place in portraying the powerful personality of Charlie Parker . Moreover , choosing an actor who ca n't even blow the saxophone in a basic way -LRB- as DeNiro learned to do for New York , New York -RRB- is a travesty . Any actor playing Bird , if he is not willing to learn the horn , should at the very least learn to look * something * like Bird when miming playing the horn . If Charlie Parker was about anything it was about the music . There is no attempt in this film to explain what was so extraordinary about what Bird did -- the contributions he made to modern music . One would have expected more from Eastwood , a jazz fan , than yet another Hollywood hack job that places the music of musicians at the bottom rung of topics to explore . The lives of jazz musicians are about jazz , not dope or marital problems , and in no case is this more true than Bird 's , in spite of his catastrophic addictions and interpersonal problems . In this sense , the film Bird is no better than the dreadful Diana Ross film about Billie Holiday which completely ignored the great musical genius of Lady Day and the effect it had on recorded vocal music . Even the soundtrack of Bird , which used the great talents of people like Barry Harris and the late Walter Davis Jr. , chooses live sets to reproduce that are far from Bird 's best . Finally , the film is extremely dull and over-long as drama . What a sad , missed opportunity . I attended the premiere of this film in New York in the late 1980s , filled with happy expectations . Red Rodney was in the audience . I wonder what he thought .
 With Eastwood directing and Whitaker in the lead , you 'd think this would be a great movie . Wrong . Wrong . Wrong . The pace is so slow that , without the music breaks , it would have been totally unbearable . However , we kept watching , hoping it would get better . It never did .
 When the product was received it was found to be damaged . Only half of the cd was readable . Went blank at the halfway mark.Was not what I expected .
 This old snoozer popped up on the expensive TV movie channels because of budgets or the writers strikebecause they 're starting to show old cheap movies that do n't cost them much.I nearly fell asleep when the thing first came out . It has n't gotten better with age ! Every cliche ' imaginable or stolen showed up in this thing.Sarah Miles looked like a bustless knock-off of Elvira , Mistress of the Dark and Burt I think was trying to appear Indian with the inch thick brown pancake makeup.And how many times was Catherine -LRB- Sarah 's character -RRB- nearly raped ? Gah !!! Over and over and over . Just get it done and let 's get ON with this turkey!The train holdup at the beginning was OK and the thing was downhill ... wwwaaaayyyy downhill from there . I found it interesting ... and my sister and I did a little Mystery Theatre 3000 while we were watching this , to aleviate the boredom and stay AWAKE ... that George Hamilton 's character was extremely `` foppy '' , but that 's what he was good at and he later played a fop in `` Zorro The Gay Blade . '' We were able to insert some screamingly funny dialogue.Now Jay Silverheels . I think he was of advanced age when he made this movie , but I do n't know why they had to put `` old '' makeup on him that pretty much belonged in `` The Mummy . `` The Indian boy who was supposed to be Burt 's could n't act his way out of a paper bag and there was absolutely no chemistry between the two.This movie was a big deal back then , but would n't even be a candidate for Hallmark Movie of the Week nowdays . There was scandal . I think Sarah Miles was found leaving the room of a producer or someone on the set in the desert and that person was found dead the next morning . They said it was suicide , but others said more sinister things . I believe he saw how bad this movie was turning out and offed himself !
 The whole movie is as it says no story line , plain dancing . I thought at least the Bikini girl will change her outfit with different types of bikini fashion with different music . or Different dance move yet all the same bikini , same dance move and only music and background graphics changed a bit . BORING !!!!
 Disaponting , Not Good At All , The cover picture looks a lot better than the actual content.Waste of time and money
 I picked up this movie because I am such a fan of Gillian Anderson.Since ' X Files ' I have only seen her in ` House of Mirth ' , and ` The Last King of Scotland ' . Just so you 're warned , ` Closure ' is a violent movie . So you might not want to leave it out for the kids , or watch it say , the night before you are about to swap your apartment with someone on EBay who has a cottage in the English countryside . Because ` Closure'is not quite like ` Holiday ' with Jack Black , and Kate Winslet.Set mostly in rual England , it is the story of a Alice Comfort -LRB- Anderson -RRB- and her date Adam , an alarm systems manager , played by Danny Dyer , who are brutally attacked on their way home from a party . Both survive , but have very different coping mechanisms . One character regresses , with a child-like dependency on the other , who has become a vigilanty avenger.From the begining of the movie , Alice is an mysterious woman . She has a paraplegic boss who is obsessed with her , and the party she and Adam attend before the attack is so strange and subtle that I wondered for a minute if what followed was some type of set-up . Most Hollywood movies that are extremely violent have a way of ` glazing ' the violence so that I do n't usually feel extremely effected by it . One example is ` The Brave One ' , with Jodie Foster , which I recently saw in the theater . I felt like I was watching nothing more than a graphic novel brought to life.The climactic violence of ` Closure ' takes place in farmhouse kitchen in the middle of the woods , and there was no glazed feeling . It was gritty , and it was horrible.I loved the roll of the weather in this movie . Most of the scenes are shot outdoors in late Autumn , early Winter . Everything is cold , and dusky , and smokey . I appreciate movies where the countryside is a truly menacing presence , and one longs for the safety of the city.Fans of ` Straw Dogs ' and the French -LRB- possibly Belgian -RRB- movie ` The Ordeal ' might agree . There is no DVD commentary , and ` Closure ' and does n't apoligize for the violence the characters perpetrate on each other .
 This movie is just terrible . I had read lots of reviews bashing this picture , but as a true X-files fan I had to buy it . I thought to myself , I had bought `` The House of D '' just because of David , so this could n't be worse than that . I was wrong.There 's no character development . All of a sudden the characters are at a party , and before the 10 min mark you are already confused and bored . The director/writer has just no clue about what movie making is about . It 's pure and gratuitous nudity , violence and stupid and totally unrealistic situations.If you are a fan of Gillian and you must buy this , at least try to get it on a sale , because frankly this movie is n't worthed the film in which was printed on ...
 I ca n't think of anything positive to say about this movie . I ca n't imagine why Gillian agreed to do it . Avoid !
 I see some people are giving this movie decent reviews because they like Gillian Anderson . She is probably it 's only redeeming quality . Everything about it is truly bad . The story revolves around an older woman and a younger man whose relationship is even more shallow than their character development -LRB- which is non-existent -RRB- . Brutalized , traumatized , seeking revenge , that 's about it . There is n't much more to say about it . I guess if you want to see Gillian Anderson take her clothes off , you might like it . But it certainly is n't worth the price of admission , although she did prove her talent regarding various forms of moaning , grunting , and screaming . She 's a much better actress with her clothes on.And what 's with this `` brutalized by a group of hunters '' nonsense ? What makes them hunters ? Just because they were driving a Land Rover ? How many people living in the countryside there drive Land Rovers ? Every time we see the three bad guys , it 's the same thing
 This movie was a total disappointment . I rented it because I am a Gillian Anderson fan and usually whatever she is in her acting makes it incredible but in this even her talent could not carry it . The script was horribly written and the leading man made you want to shot him . The script was very choppy and seemed forced into trying to carry a plot line . God willing X Files 2 will be worthy of her talent . If your curiosity still gnaws at you please rent it first before you waste your money purchasing it .
 The movie was bad . But who cares ? Gillian Anderson + Full Frontal Nudity = Happy , Happy Lesbian . : - -RRB- Nuf said .
 As a fan of the X-Files , I 'll usually watch anything that David Duchovny or Gillian Anderson appear in , so I was looking forward to this movie . What a mistake that was . Not that Gillian Anderson was a disappointment -- she was about the only good thing about this movie . However , what the % ^ $ # was she thinking when she agreed to appear in this crap ? Every other scene is totally implausable ; the photography is so dark in most of it you can barely tell what is going on and the editing must have been done by someone with Attention Deficit Disorder . Terrible ! There is absoultely no character development -LRB- which is a big part of why so much of it seems so implausable -RRB- and one scene jumps to another in such a disjointed way you do n't even know what is going on . I like a good sex scene as much as the next person , but these seem to be a bit drawn out and , therefore , mostly gratuitous . Sadly , it seems as if director Dan Reed simply wanted every opportunity he could find to film Gillian naked and moaning . The movie is short , so there was available time that more character development could have taken place which would 've helped this movie immensely . The editor should refund his/her salary . The editing was choppy ; the scenes were cut in the dumbest places , leaving the viewer wondering what had just happened . Sadly , I really ca n't say enough bad things about this movie . Danny Dyer , unknown to me before this movie , was a sleazy guy and you did n't really mind that he got beaten up . And Gillian 's character was n't sympathetic either and had almost as much of a sleaze factor as Dyer . Someone so seemingly successful as her character made bad decision on top of bad decision . Again , if that character had been developed , maybe we could 've known why . Because Reed did n't explain , she just seems like a stupid , self-centered bitch who made her own trouble . And the attacker 's daughter ? What was that about ?! Oh yeah , most people anally rape the dad and then give their daughter a lift after . Dan Reed should maybe look into a different line of work because he does not seem to be very good at movie making . Terrible waste of Gillian Anderson and a terrible waste of time for the viewer !
 This movie approached pitiful when viewed on the big screen . Extending some harsh reviews of my own to the long list of international critical outrage , I decided to give it one more chance and take it in , leisurely , in the comfort of my home in DVD form . They changed the name you know from Straightheads to Closure ? Perhaps , to help you get the point ? The only good reviews , as exemplified here , are from X-file or Scully fans doing their part to promote one for the `` Gipper '' -LRB- John Wayne or Gillian Anderson , in this case -RRB- . The movie can be summarized simply so as not to continue lengthy discourse . It 's a dark screen , sexual fantasy trip that says little and ends -LRB- ? -RRB- . If you desire revenge ... see the Brave One . Although also violent it illustrates how to take a well worn concept and do it right . Jodi Foster brings in a performance that probably has driven Gillian Anderson back to filming the X-files sequel this December . The only question that remains is `` What is she thinking ?
 Just not really worth watching . I was impressed with Anderson 's british accent , but who really cares about that . Not what I would call a revenge movie , but that is the only thing it attempts , so I would call it a failure . But for those that have watched it , She should have pulled the trigger at the end , then maybe you could tell people about the really messed up ending .
 Straightheads -LRB- Dan Reed , 2007 -RRB- Despite something of a weak beginning , I have to say that for the first hour , Straightheads -LRB- released in the US as Closure -RRB- struck me as the kind of movie I 'm always looking for , an overlooked , underrated gem that people did n't get simply because most people who go to movies seem to almost pathologically avoid overthinking them . It had everything a smart , low-key psychological thriller needs . Then it all went to pot in the space of two or three minutes ; another could-have-been great film that ended up mediocre.It starts off with what might be the least realistic opening scene in filmdom
 Not a particularly good movie . I bought it because I like Gillian Anderson and wanted to see her in something other than X Files . Not an Academy Award winning performance .
 This movie is an unconvincing descent into gratuitous violence redeemed only by an excellent performance from Gillian Anderson . Although the desire for revenge is an understandable response to the brutality suffered by the two main characters their reaction is not a credible one . Few people act on an urge for vengeance but even if we accept that they do on this occasion it 's hard to believe they would be this extreme . What is this movie trying to tell us about a lust for violence ? Well , nothing really , except that some people have such a lust . Now , I like a good gory horror flick , but in such films the violence is not posited as real . Here , however , we 're supposed to accept these sadistic acts of retaliation as plausible , and we 're left feeling a little grubby for having witnessed them .
 I am not really sure where to begin with this movie , so I will open the floor with why I watched this film in the first place . I watched `` Closure '' for two reasons . The first is because I am a fan of Gillian Anderson . Like many people I was introduced by Gillian Anderson when she played Dana Scully on the classic television show `` The X-Files '' . I have managed to see in her several other things throughout the years and I believe she is a fine actress . The second reason I watched this movie is that it was recommended by a friend of mine , who said this movie was wrong on many different levels.Going into this movie I was n't expecting a `` mainstream '' or `` Hollywood '' type film . In addition , I had already expected a bit of an exploitation film , due to the `` rape and revenge '' nature of the content . I also knew that this film was released in the UK under the title `` Straightheads '' not `` Closure '' . After watching this movie , I do n't think the former or latter title really fits the substances of the film . The one thing I know for certain , I was very disappointed when this motion picture was over.The plot is a bit implausible , yet simplistic ; Alice -LRB- Gillian Anderson -RRB- is a classy business woman who is having a home security system installed . The person installing the security system is Adam -LRB- Danny Dyer -RRB- . Due to some subtle sexual attraction , Alice invites Adam to be her date to her boss ' birthday party . At this point I raise my eyebrow at bit , but I guess this could happen.At the party Adam is out of place , more than likely due to the fact he is much younger than Alice . This does n't stop Alice and Adam to leave the party to have sex in the woods . At this point I raise my other eyebrow , but there is such thing as bohemian lust . On the way home from the party , Alice and Adam are driving and then ran off the road by another car . Three men get out of the car and approach Alice and Adam . At this point Adam is severely accosted and Alice brutally ganged raped.We now fast forward a month later and it appears that Adam is now living with Alice . They have both been traumatized from the attack ; Adam is now reduced to wearing an eye patch . Adam is also a bit `` all over the place '' he is wayfaring through myriad emotions and is now impotent . Alice has become very aloof and somewhat cold . Her focus becomes vengeance . This leads Alice and Adam to go after their attackers . There is a bit more to it , but not much and if a person has the desire to watch this film , I do n't want to ruin it for them.The major problem I had with this movie was the character of Adam . I am not sure what Danny Dyer was trying to do with this individual . The wishy-washy nature of his character only vexed me ; it did n't make me feel sympathetic for him . Maybe this was the filmmakers ' goal . I also did n't see how a character that was this unstable would be still hanging around a woman he hardly knew . I understand that there is an element of misattribution of emotion -LRB- the rape/attack -RRB- that they both went through . In contrast , I do n't see a professional business woman taking in an unstable person , who she shares no history prior to this tragic attack . Yet maybe this duplicity was the filmmakers ' goal.The first half of the movie was pretty good . It appeared that there would be some element of revenge or dare I say `` closure '' . Then everything falls apart at the half way point of the movie . The film is only about 80 minutes , so after the first 40 minutes I felt everything began to crumble . It appears that half way through the movie , the filmmakers decided to make this story `` deeper '' and the `` villains '' more complex . This ruse was a shoddy attempt to make this movie something that it was n't . When the credits rolled I was like `` wow , I ca n't believe I spent money on this movie '' . In contrast , Gillian Anderson 's performance was amazing . Her British accent was awesome and I did care what happen to her character . She was also extremely sexy and stylish in this movie . I was also not expecting to she her unclad in this movie . So I guess that is a bonus . However , I do n't like to gauge a movie on its amount of T&A ; , if that were the cause all porno movies would be Oscar winners . Her performance and some of the scenery in this movie is the ONLY reason I am giving this movie two stars.This movie had so much potential and it could have really been a great film . This `` rape and revenge '' genre is n't anything new , remember `` I Spit on Your Grave '' ? However , this movie fails terribly . Not because it is n't `` I Spit on Your Grave '' , but because the movie starts off strong and then gets flat . There was mood that this movie had , very eerie and haunting . Consequently , the mood is totally divorced by misdirection , loop holes in plot and too many incredulous factors . Not to mention Danny Dyer 's performance is embarrassing . I 'm done , no more blaming statements.In conclusion , there is an interesting scene in `` Closure '' involving sodomy with a rifle . I can relate to this scene quite a bit . For this scene is when I realized I sodomized out of the time and money I had put into this movie . Now I need to have a long conversation with this friend of mine ...
 This movie runs pretty close to violent classics like , I Spit On Your Grave . While Gillian Anderson plays her role well , as a tough-minded , good-looking business woman , the story is too graphic for my taste . The basic premise is that Anderson is a successful business woman who picks up a younger man and takes him to a party . Some of the scenes really seemed unnecessary , like a guy in a wheel chair , at the party coming on to her , her having sex on the lawn with her boyfriend and her boyfriend cranking himself when alone.On their way home from the party , a truck full of drugged up men brutalize the couple . Anderson is brutally raped and her boy toy is severly beaten . She quickly sets up in a cabin which just happens to be easy access to the home of one of the rapists . With a silenced rifle she looks for targets and sends her boyfriend on errands , like retrieving a dead dog and installing a movie camera inside of the rapist 's home . This dude plays her little helper monkey without taking any initiative on his own . They catch one of the rapists and violate him in a gruesome fashion . I had to fast forward through this movie hopeing that it would make some kind of sense . While it might appeal to people who want to see a hard revenge flick , I found it hard to watch.Doug Setter , Bsc . author ofOne Less Victim
 The Bone Eater -LRB- Jim Wynorski , 2007 -RRB- As I 've mentioned a few times , I watch a lot of Sci-Fi Channel Original Movies looking for the next Cube . I 've seen some really , really dumb movies while doing this . But I have to say that The Bone Eater tops the list . This is easily one of the worst movies I have ever seen . There were a whole lot of folks in here who really , really needed the money.The painfully thin plot
 If a Native American skeleton on a murderous rampage that rides a ghostly steed sounds familiar , it 's because before there wasBone Eaterfor the Syfy channel there was ... Skeleton Manfor the Syfy channel.The similarities between Sharktopus/Mega Shark vs Giant Octopusand Skeleton Man/Bone Eatermake it clear that Syfy throws a wide net -LRB- `` Quick , give us a pitch on an Indian skeleton that rides a horse and kills people ! '' -RRB- and lets the studios duke it out in the public forum . Sadly , Bone Eater is the winner.It 's not that Bone Eater is good -- it 's filled with American Indian stereotypes like mystic man -LRB- Chief Stormcloud played by Michael Horse -RRB- , pretty young woman -LRB- Kaya played by Jennifer Lee Wiggins -RRB- , and bulging psychopath -LRB- Johnny Blackhawk played by Adoni Maropis -RRB- - but that Skeleton Man is that bad . Watching these two movies back-to-back really gives one an appreciation for bad CGI , which is still better than no CGI at all.The Bone Eater in question is interesting . He carries bone-like weapons , can jump great distances , and his touch causes bone and flesh to disintegrate . As if that did n't make him deadly enough , the Bone Eater can spew poisonous gas or throw one of its rib bones at a target with the same effect . Those looking for blood and gore will be disappointed . Fans of dust and debris will be thrilled.Of course , any Native American tale must have a white man -LRB- Sheriff Steve Evans AKA Running Wolf played by Bruce Boxleitner , wearing lots of red makeup -RRB- who rediscovers his Native American heritage . Our hero is the only one who can defeat the Bone Eater with a mystic axe that just happened to be lying around.There 's some lame subplot about Evans ' daughter -LRB- played by Clara Bryant as a much-too-curvy-for-her-age sixteen-year-old -RRB- dating the local bad boy , the white rich developer guy -LRB- Jim Krantz -RRB- trying to literally bulldoze the native opposition , and a sheriff in a quandary about his heritage - but bringing any of that up gives this film far too much credit.With no character development to speak of , Bone Eater is actually more of a Wild West-style showdown between two aging icons past their prime
 Wow , this movie really sucked eggs . Goofy-looking monster Indian skeleton chasing and disintegrating people . Dialogue was grade C movie tripe . Read all scathing reviews for more .
 Looked interesting enough , but was I sorry I bought this instead of renting it . The special effects were horrible . The monster was more funny than anything . When the bone eater 's horse would appear in a puff of smoke and the old western type music would start playing , it was more like a comedy . Bruce Boxleitner was ok . I saw Gil Gerard was in this and the actress that used to be on Hill Street Blues , I believe . I originally did n't recognize either one of them until I played the movie again . I would think they could find something much better to be in . I guess you take what you can get !
 In the opening scene of `` Slow Burn , '' an assistant district attorney -LRB- Jolene Blalock -RRB- is found wandering the streets of the city , disheveled and confused , informing those who find her that she has just killed a rapist in self defense . The alleged attacker -LRB- Mekhi Phifer -RRB- was a man she supposedly met one night in a record store and who then proceeded to stalk her for weeks thereafter . Suddenly , into the head D.A. 's office strides LL Cool J , as a friend of the deceased who has a considerably different story to tell about the events leading up to the murder as well as an entirely disparate take on the couple 's relationship . Things get even more dicey when we discover that the D.A. -LRB- Ray Liotta -RRB- and the assistant D.A. have been conducting a torrid affair of their own for a number of years now . `` Slow Burn '' fails on so many levels of rudimentary storytelling and filmmaking that it 's hard to know where exactly to begin in compiling a list of its shortcomings . To start with , there 's something inherently self-defeating and pointless in constructing a narrative from two widely conflicting viewpoints - a la `` Rashomon '' - when one of the supposed eyewitnesses is already dead and , thus , unable to personally relate his side of the story . How does it enhance the verisimilitude of the tale if most of our information has to come filtered down to us through a secondhand source , a person who was n't even present at the events he 's describing - unless , of course , he was hiding in a nearby closet during all those `` intimate '' moments he is able to recount in such juicy and exhaustive detail ? Either that or the murder victim was one of the chattiest , kiss-and-tell gossips in the history of the movies . And why does it take till the closing reels for the supposedly intelligent professional investigators to smell a rat in that setup ? Eventually , the twist-and-turn plotting leads to so much incoherence and confusion that you might well wonder if the filmmakers themselves understood what it was they were doing.Beyond the clumsy , inscrutable storytelling , `` Slow Burn '' also suffers from some of the most overripe dialogue this side of `` The Black Dahlia . '' With such knee-slapping howlers as `` She stood there like a tangerine , ripe and ready to be peeled '' and `` She walked in smelling like mashed potatoes and every guy within thirty feet wanted to be the gravy , '' the script could easily win First Prize in a Bad Film Noir Writing contest . It 's hard to believe at such times that the film is n't actually intended to be a parody -LRB- the acting sure suggests it on occasion -RRB- . On second thought , perhaps it would be best to stick with that notion ; it just might go down easier that way .
 `` Convention Girl '' is an interesting little movie about a Depression-era call girl -LRB- they call themselves `` hostesses '' in the film -RRB- who has basically given up on finding happiness with a guy who is n't `` in the rackets . '' Also , she 's fed up with having to deal with all the `` Good Time Charlies '' who stream through Atlantic City with endless conventions . One such group being the `` Electric Washing Machine '' salesmen 's convention , which consists mainly of pudgy old guys with bad toupees.One big shortcoming of this film is the fact that it was shot on location in Atlantic City , but very little of the boardwalk attractions are shown . Out of the almost 70 minutes running time , only about 10 minutes center around the fun , carnival-like attractions of that era.I would have given this film a three star rating , except for the dismal quality of the DVD itself . The picture and sound are awful . The picture is often out of focus , and goes from washed out to too dark . Then the sound of the film is very low , muffled , and flat . Turning up the sound on your TV to full volumne and then having to stain to make out the dialogue is the only way to get through this film . The whole experience is hardly worth it.Once again , Alpha has put more time and effort into designing a pretty , colorful DVD case , and what appears to be little time in the presentation of a watchable movie inside the case . This is sad , considering that so many film fans depend on Alpha for a steady diet of hard-to-find movies .
 This was an interesting B movie but the print used is really bad . Lighting levels jump from bright to so dark you can not see the actors . In the first twenty minutes of the film almost every scene would run about 5 seconds and then start over again.Shemp Howard 's part is over blown as he is only on camera for a few minutes but it was interesting to see him as a bad guy and not the Stooge I 've always known him.There was an interesting set of scenes at the boardwalk showing some of the attractions from the mid-30 's in Atlantic City , NJ . These and the other shots showing life at the resort city were the best reasons to watch this film .
 the movies on this disc might be good , but from the very poor transfers here -LRB- droped audio , picture drop-out and freese pictures , and all the movies were very very dark almost not watchable -RRB- you would never know . skip this mess and look for these movies elsewere !!!
 Judd and Little Moon was an incredibly bad movies with the poorest acting I have seen.The Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis movie was marginally better
 With all the positive reviews for this movie I was very excited to see it . After recently doing so I found it pretty dissapointing.I 'm a huge fan of b-movie horror but I guess I was expecting too much . While the movie does have some excellent visual effects and fun gore it simply is n't enough to excuse a pretty boring story , forgettable characters with no development , and horrible sound quality that bugged me throughout the film.Basically it 's like watching Peter Jackson 's Bad Taste or Attack of the Killer Tomatoes -LRB- 2 movies I DO highly recommend -RRB- with none of the laughs.Who knows maybe you will really enjoy this movie , just beware going into it with the high expectations I had .
 Do not waste your money on the Blu-Ray ! The video quality , is far , FAR below that of the existing DVD ! Hazy , blurry , full of noise reduction , aliasing , and other artifacting and barely taking up 9GB of the disc .
 I love this movie and i was so excited about it coming to Blu-ray that i just preordered without even the slightest worry about quality . Well , this is the second Blu-ray i bought by Elite and let me say i am at a point now where before i buy any more i am checking what company released it . This is a failure ; the company should be ashamed and basically quit making blu-rays ! They are NOT improving or remastering these movies at all . I have owned it on VHS and DVD ... the DVD looks better ! There are no bonuses over the Synapse DVD that are worth having . The commentary is `` ok '' but the Synapse commentary is better . DO NOT give Elite any more money until they do us justice - I swear , Mill Creek makes better blu-rays than this and they cost $ 6.00 . I can not say anything good in the least about this release , it is just really sad that companies can do this and get a way with it .
 The Deadly Spawn is a low-budget 80 's video classic . Unfortunately , it 's been give a low-budget Blu-Ray transfer by producer Ted A. Bohus . The initial batch of Blu-Ray discs were recalled by Elite Entertainment due to over-excessive use of noise reduction . A new transfer was promised , resulting in the disc available now . What we ended up with an upscaled version of the vastly superior DVD version by Synapse . If you want the best image quality , buy that version and let your player upscale it . This Blu-Ray is an insult to to the film and it 's fans .
 hate to say it but it is one the most boring horror movies i have ever seen i dont know why but it nearly put me to sleep i only would say buy this movie if ur into cheezy 80 's horror flicks ... which normaly I am , but not the case with this film but in its defense i will say the kill secnes were bloody and no bad for when it was made which is why it got two stars instead of one .
 The ending was confusing . Also , do n't expect a very hot sexual scene with Heather Graham.This one is more of a warning against drug use.Or this is a warning to young ladies about what kind of obstacles they can face if they want to head out to Hollywood and be famous.I would skip buying this one , unless you are a huge Heather Graham fan . Or , it would be a good movie to show , IF you have a girlfriend or daughter heading to Hollywood .
 From the completely bogus pick up line on a beach in LA to begin this movie , I should have realized it was going to be a waste of time to watch . This movie goes no were fast , particularly with the character development , which is best described as poor at best .
 I have never liked the type of movie that keeps flashing back and forth through time frames and/or reality . Too convoluted for my tastes .
 I watched a full-length DVD screener . The presence of Heather Graham is what broght me to this movie . The screenplay was a train wreck , though , on several fronts .1 . -RRB- Heather Graham stays with a guy she would never in real life give the time of day to .2 . -RRB- The `` Pulp Fiction '' - like story line jumped back and forth in time and was basically a mess . There were a few characters who were amusing -- the two guys sitting in the booth -LSB- Gary Busey 's son being one of them -RSB- were pretty funny . The ultimate message of the movie was interesting -- that the Heather Graham character was going to turn out like all of her customers . The problem is that the dramatic structure is lacking in both apparent continuity and that none of the characters have believable motivations . You just find yourself saying `` No way '' all through the movie . And that 's for stuff you can comprehend . Most of the way through this movie you 're lost and the main character -LSB- Heather Graham -RSB- is behaving in a way that is unbelievable -- staying with a loser heroin addict.In a word , this movie requires the willing suspension of disbelief . Well , this film did not convince me to suspend my disbelief . Not recommended .
 I have a lot of dvds . I have gotten some dvds based on average or better reviews such as this one has one Amazon . If they are real marginal , I give them away for a gag gift , but I threw this one away after watching most of it in `` fast forward '' mode . I know there are many people who live like this , but why publicize it ? Some `` no mind '' who watches it may want to model their life after it because they think it is cool .
 I know I 'm going to get some heavy flack for this review , but I have to be honest ... this film is not that good ! I love little independent films like this , but I have seen many that are far better dealing with similar situations . The characters seemed cookie cutter to me and for a film as short as this I found myself looking at my watch ... not a good sign . I am really surprised at the high praises on this site as I just did n't feel that involved . It 's not a really bad film , but lower your expectations . While the acting is first rate the film is just OK and that 's about it .
 Ok I `` get '' the movie and what it was about and the twist and all , but I still think it could 've been executed in a better way . Love Heather Graham and it was nice to see Jake and Linda , but I got ta be honest and say that I was a lot bored with most of the film . Sorry I ca n't quite put my finger on it as to what I think would 've made the film better for me , but I can say this ... if you 're a Heather Graham fan then you should check it out.Does it suck that my favorite part of the movie is when the boyfriend tells the diner manager , '' ... You 're not MY manager ... '' , haha ohhh man that killed me !
 I understand what the filmmakers were trying to do with the non linear technique . It just did n't work . I wished I would have read some reviews from film critics first . I would n't have watched this if I had known how much I 'd dislike this movie . Not for me !
 middle of the road , and nothing really new . i had written a long review about this , but amazon removed it after i posted that i would give away my copy of this dvd for free . it 's all open forums , until someone questions capitalism . imagine that , a free exchange of goods .
 I love horror movies , I love slasher movies , but the movie has to be watchable . `` Do n't Look in the Cellar '' is not even watchable . The acting and directing are both horrendous . I blame the Director more than the actors though because he certainly did not require much of his cast . Honestly , I have seen better acting in an 8th grade school play than I saw in `` Do n't Look in the Cellar '' . The funny thing about this movie is that it had a decent plot , but the execution was just horrible and the script was pathetic.Basically , `` Do n't Look in the Cellar '' is about a group of young adults who wish to earn some extra credit in their class -LRB- not sure what kind of class it was , but I digress -RRB- , and if they investigate this supposedly abandoned insane asylum , they will get their extra credit and maybe even more than they bargained for . Well , it just so happens that two mentally ill patients remain in the asylum . One just stands there and seems harmless , and the other , Smiley , is n't so harmless . Well , one by one our stupid kids get knocked off in various unconvincing ways , but there is a twist to our horribly acted movie . Could there be a connection between the psychopathic killer and one of our unsuspecting kids?Indeed , `` Do n't Look in the Cellar '' seems like a good movie based on the classic slasher style plot , but because the acting is so atrocious , the script so stupid and the direction is so pathetic , this movie is unwatchable in my opinion . It is that bad . The acting is so wooden , generic and bland that it 's not even funny . The action is lifeless , uneven and mundane . There is absolutely no atmosphere or suspense whatsoever in this movie , and when you get this combination , you get a terrible movie . Do n't get me wrong , I love slashers , and there are plenty of low budget slashers that cost a lot less than this one that are good movies , but `` Do n't Look in the Cellar '' is clearly not one of them . In short , while it may be best not to look in the cellar in this movie , it would be even better to not give `` Do n't Look in the Cellar '' a look at all .
 The good reviews for this dreadful mess must have been written by the people who made it . A couple of breasts and a horrible soundtrack do not make for a good horror film . Aside from the twist towards the end , there is really nothing to recommend about this low-budget bore . Grey Damon -LRB- &#34; The Secret Circle , &#34; &#34; True Blood &#34; -RRB- is the only recognizable cast member here , and I 'm sure he leaves this off of his resume . The &#34; slasher &#34; scenes are neither scary , clever or gory . Even the title makes no sense . Spend your money and your time on something else !
 What a useless piece of tripe ! No doubt that the 4 star ratings came from an all male group . I admit that the soundtrack was great but that is not the reason I watch horror movies . The acting was below par even for a B movie . If refunds are possible , I 'd like one !!!
 over 3 weeks to be delivered US to US ?? -LRB- moreover there was a wrong delivery address voucher in the package -RRB- ; not a serious seller , to avoid
 This video is NOT about `` Advanced Heavy Weather Boat Handling '' , but does demonstrate in several ways how to cross a specific bar in Australia . I do n't doubt , however , that much of the information can be applied in other locations and situations .
 This was a very boring movie . It was a typical horror comedy except for one thing , the acting was below a B movie . The kill scenes were not good either . I guess the budget would n't allow fake blood . Save your money !
 This is a short film , only an hour and 17 minutes -LRB- not including credits -RRB- . It 's a tame horror film , little gore . And unoriginal . Highly unoriginal.Teens meet at a dance on Halloween night . The guys take the girls to an abandoned farmhouse , where they 'd planned to scare the girls . But it turns out their `` scary story '' of an insane caretaker is real , and the caretaker choses that night to return , and , well , the body count mounts.No , it 's not gory . Neither is it funny.I suspect THE CARETAKER may be intentionally unoriginal , as it claims to be a `` camp '' satire of horror films . I think it 's trying to satirize horror film clich&eacute;s.Bad choice . This film is not funny.These horror film clich&eacute;s were old when SCREAM attempted to satirize them in 1996 -LRB- although SCREAM had tons more energy than THE CARETAKER -RRB- . These clich&eacute;s had already been targeted by such 1980s horror film satires as STUDENT BODIES and SATURDAY THE 14th . There 's nothing left for THE CARETAKER to satirize . Its humor is so old , I could n't find any attempted jokes until nearly an hour into the film , when the Jennifer Tilly character started talking extremely idiotically.I suspect -LRB- I 'm guessing here -RRB- that the `` jokes '' are supposed to be that the characters -LRB- mostly teenagers -RRB- are so stupid . But many horror films are already so full of stupid teenagers , that `` satirizing '' stupid teenagers becomes difficult . THE CARETAKER 'S stupid teenagers are n't really any dumber than typical horror films ' teenagers.There 's nothing new in THE CARETAKER , either as a `` camp '' satire or as a legitimate horror film.Mostly , I was bored . At its best moments , THE CARETAKER is an okay film.Very low budget . Only four locations . Most of it was shot at and around the farmhouse -LRB- a few rooms and a field -RRB- . And outside a Halloween party -LRB- which was indoors , so that we could n't see the party -RRB- . And in a girl 's bedroom . And a room in a gym.Bland cast , blandly good-looking -LRB- not `` ridiculously good looking '' as the DVD box says -RRB- , bland acting . And bland , flat writing.Jennifer Tilly plays a truly dummied down character , so that she just mugs for the camera , no real acting . Judd Nelson has a few minutes of screen time in a cameo.The other Amazon reviewer -LRB- I 'm only the second one , so far -RRB- , who praised THE CARETAKER , has not reviewed anything else on Amazon . I 'm guessing we may be in for an avalanche of fake reviews ...
 This movie was n't even what I would call a B-horror movie . The acting was terrible and the script predictable , this is a miss in my opinion .
 I think my rental fee covered the budget for this movie.The story was bad and film looked like a home movie.Terrible acting too.I would have nothing good to say about this .
 I have no clue what this movie was about . It had no beginning , no middle , and the only end it had was when I cut this crap off . This was absolutely garbage . Do not waste your money or time .
 I saw a preview for this movie and it looked good . It had elements of the movies The Mist and Intruder . However , this film pales in comparsion to those movies . A military group comes into a store because they suspect one of them is an alien . It sounds good but the acting was plain bad . Not as good as it looks and would stay away from this trash .
 I have never seen a film so slow and stupid . I have seen many horror films in my life , both slow and annoying . But this film , has a habit of dragging all of the suspense way beyond the point of excitement . It 's like ... it builds up just enough for you to think , `` Ok ... so it 's about an alien ... now what ? '' Then , all you get is bits and pieces of quick shots . Maybe one extended alien shot , but that 's about it . The rest is just people running around in a supermarket . Cat-and-mouse film . Stupid .
 Do n't waste your time or money ! I wish I could get my $ 2.99 back from Amazon on this one . I stopped watching after 45 minutes . It started good , then got very slow , bad acting , film work and effects . It felt like a cable TV show -LRB- that might be on the USA network or TBS -RRB- but was not worth any time .
 I had high hopes for this movie after reading all the other reviews here . But it was predictable from the start , had an ending that a 3 year old could have guessed , and was just plain stupid .
 Boring story , low budget flick . A $ 10 cross between The Thing and The Mist . Crappy special F/X and even worse filming . Stay away unless you like cheap homemade film school flicks .
 This movie was all TALK , nothing else . To compare it to The Thing is absurd.It barely rises above the minimum for acting as well.Not impressed , a waste of 3 bucks.Peu ~ !
 I do n't know WHAT previous reviewers were watching but it had to be a different film from what I just saw . This was a boring and ineptly made film with little to offer.Everything was predictable including the `` finale '' where the `` creature '' is unmasked as a rip-off remake of a wannabe from `` The Hidden '' -LRB- a far superior film -RRB- . You can pass on this one !
 I really liked the opening few minutes . Brutal and relentless . But when ` the test ' is carried out to see who is human and who is not , it is blatantly obvious who the ` King ' is . I was just waiting for the moment in the film where someone says ` Wait ... that 's NOT THE KING ! ' It was BLATANTLY obvious this was going to happen and the person who turns out to be the KING overacts the role to such an extreme , it is doubly as blatant . This is a bit like Oasis compared to the Beatles . Absolute rubbish , trying to copy an idea , but being bland and predictable . Same comparison for ` The Thing ' and this . In the former , the suspense is unbearable , and you have NO IDEA who ` The Thing ' is . The clues are so subtle and intellectualised , that one can only spot them with repeated views . This is a huge let down for a movie that had bags of potential .
 Other reviewers are correct that the title is lame and does n't quite get to the heart of the story . But that does n't make this movie any better . It looks like it was made for the SciFi channel but did n't even make the cut for that . I knew that it was a low-budget movie when I rented it but did n't realize the dialogue would be so corny and that the scenes would n't even be scary . And the lighting is way too dark for most of the film . I guess they were trying to make up for a lack of frights in the movie itself . End the end , I was actually rooting for the alien to win and eat everyone . That way there would be no chance of a sequel . Save your money and rent another video .
 Yikes ! So sorry I listened to other reviewers . Although the premise was good , this film was much too violent and disturbing for a mentally-healthy person . -LRB- Definitely NOT for older teens as one person suggested ! -RRB- My husband and I like horror , sci-fi , and the occasional gory movie -LRB- as long as it has comic-relief , e.g. , Shaun of the Dead -RRB- , but this was too intense . I 'm wondering if Amazon could start posting the demographics -LRB- age group -RRB- of reviewers so we can judge reviews accordingly . Anyone ?
 i read a couple of good reviews , so i decided to check it out , unfortunately ...
 This proves that Amazon movie star ratings can not be relied upon . Obviously people connected with the movie are pulling the HORRIBLE movie up to 4 stars . Someone in the reviews said `` good special effects ... '' oh really ? ... there were no special effects , none . `` Good Script '' ... there is not one thing that anyone does in the movie that would made sense in this situation nor ... does it make sense in the plot line ... like ... why are alien hunters not supported by the government ... well that would require money and extras ... why do they use only pistols except one other weapon ... that would be because the script writers are exceptionally stupid . OK enough time on this ... the worst sci-fi movie I have ever seen . D O N ' T !
 Really , the only reason why I purchased this movie without seeing it first is because it stars two of the most gorgeous , talented , under-appreciated African American actors in the business - Rockmond Dunbar and Matthew St. Patrick . The film itself ? Frankly , I 've seen alien movies from the 50 's and 60 's that were far more scarier and better produced than this . There was obviously not much of a budget for the movie . I think the premise was great and the story line had a lot of potential . But , again , if the producers do n't have the budget to pull it off , then it wo n't work , which was the case here . They must have been allotted about a hundred bucks for make-up because the alien `` monster '' was n't impressive at all -LRB- for the couple of split seconds you actually saw it -RRB- . I kept waiting patiently for things to pick-up and go to the next level but it just never happened . I was expecting this to be something spectacular like `` The Mist '' or `` Splinter '' -LRB- a fine example of a well-produced straight-to-DVD Sci Fi movie -RRB- but `` Alien Raiders '' turned out to be a poorly written/produced disappointment . I 'm giving this movie one star because of Rockmond 's and Matthew 's performances , which salvaged the movie from being a total disaster . Otherwise , it does n't deserve any stars .
 too much sex no story line at all . Very confusing to say the least . I really , really hate it . Bad movie
 This movie irked me to no end . I do n't see how a woman in today 's society even one overseas would put up with the stuff this inmate did to the title character . From the moment I started watching it I knew I would be disappointed because the criminal who gets out for good behavior just wrecks havoc with the title character and her way of life . I would have blown him away the first night if I were her brother . I never got into pain and suffering and being in love with the bad girl , and maybe that 's why I ca n't see how someone would put up with a bad guy , when so many others more suitable and nice can love them like they want to be loved . I was sorely disappointed in this movie .
 middle of the road , and nothing really new . i had written a long review about this , but amazon removed it after i posted that i would give away my copy of this dvd for free . it 's all open forums , until someone questions capitalism . imagine that , a free exchange of goods .
 I am going to write a bad review everytime amazon recommends a product to me that I can not view because of my location . If they wish to clutter my email box with products that are unavailble to me I will continue to write bad reviews . Sort your system out .
 This was like a bad 80 's movie cast in the 90 's . It was terrible , terrible , terrible .
 Very slow and redundant with a surfeit of scenic shots which are certainly pleasant to watch , but which make for a tedious viewing experience . In addition , the female lead is played as a clinging emotional masochist and is not very attractive on the scale of conventional feminine beauty . I did , however experience some sympathy for her plight a she tries to deal with betrayal and an unrequited romantic relationship .
 This film is arguably the most boring film I have ever seen . We watched it from beginning to end and the director 's fascination with this obsessive little girl , who never seems to actually mature during the film , is astounding . The camera just follows the cute little girl around as she sulks and then screws the next guy in line . She 's in love ... she 's in love . Yeah , so is every 13 year old girl on the planet . Grow up and get an actual job . Get on with your life girl .
 It was entertaining but screamed low budget . I could have handled the horrible werewolf costume and plot but the acting was buy far the worst I have ever seen . Everything else was awesome . The location was original , the gore was good . All that being said I do plan on keeping my DVD and watching it on nights when I get drunk with my friends .
 `` Werewolf Fever '' has one or two mildly amusing moments -LRB- one of which is spoiled by the dvd cover-art -RRB- but the promising simplicity of the premise -- a group of young burger joint employees trapped in the building by a marauding werewolf -- is wasted on pathetic non-actors who seem like they might actually be getting paid minimum wage spouting dialogue so banal that it qualifies as padding , infantile scripting and direction from people who could n't possibly be fans of the genre , and a rubber werewolf that looks like nothing more than very moist road-kill with an attitude . The movie is only 66 minutes long but I found myself fast-forwarding through much of it . This might be a good flick for a film school library as a prime example of a completely worthless attempt at cinema .
 This movie is absolutely rubbish poorly done and very fake . The characters look very cheap and fake looks like filmed from a cheap home camera .
 `` Blank Check '' was Disney 's lame attempt to capitalize then on the popularity of McCaulay Culkin . It says so on the cover , `` If you loved Home Alone , you 'll love Blank Check ! '' `` Blank Check '' basically recycles some Home Alone tropes , with boring results . Brian Bonsall -LRB- who seems to have vanished -- with good reason -- after this movie -RRB- stars as Preston Waters , a boy whose parents belittle him because he , unlike his older brothers , does n't own a business -LRB- ?? -RRB- The kid is only 10 or so -- and his parents expect him to be Bill Gates?Preston finds a blank check , and smitten with a bank teller -LRB- Karen Duffy -RRB- Soon he has his own castle , there are ENDLESS montages of his wealthy lifestyle , and there are mobsters thrown in the mix . There are some incredible amounts of lameness.At a creepy point in `` Blank Check '' , Preston asks the teller out on a date -- and towards the end , she kisses him . On the lips . Preston gets her to promise to meet him in six years -LRB- !!! -RRB- Okay , he likes older women -- but in a children 's movie , do we need to know that ? And is n't he a bit young to be interested in girls ? He is n't even an adolescent . `` Blank Check '' fires blanks .
 I do n't know where that other guy on here was coming from , saying that this is an action movie that keeps you at the edge of your seats -LRB- Disney ca n't make action , the little kids would get scared -RRB- . This movie goes way over the edge of reality , giving a little stupid kid one-million dollars -LRB- now who thinks that will ever happen just on accident ? -RRB- . It 's another Disney thing where they go through and put a kid in an outlandish situation and make an unoriginal slapstick humor movie . In fact , when I told someone at the theater I work at that one new movie was directed by the guy who directed this one , he shuddered from remembering how horrible this movie really was .
 Simply horrible . Do not rent this movie.It 's about a kid who fills out a blank check . Some mobsters come after him . He spends the money . < you can kind of guess what happens next >
 I seen this movie along time ago . I thought it was pretty dumb that a man could be so stupid enough to just give give a kid one of his blank checks I mean no one would be that stupid enough to do that . and that kid was such a careless theif he just slipped that blank check in his printer of his computer and typed in a million dollars and cashes it from the bank and now he becomes rich and start living a real lavish life -LRB- temporarily -RRB- having his own house and all the stuff a kid could ever dream of . The 3 men in this movie were crooks but that kid just got away with alot and he did n't go to jail for that he should . That money did n't even belong to him and he did n't pay for what he did . Well it 's just a movie that can never happen in real life . I give it a 0 stars but amazon wo n't let me .
 This is literally in the top 3 worst movies of all-time . Complete waste of time and life that I will never get back because of watching this crap . There 's always some other movie , or show , or what have you that is a lot better than this .
 I watched this when I was little and I had very small bits of memories about it . So recently , I watched it again to relive some memories and I have to say that I was not happy . Have any of you guys ever watched a cartoon or movie as a youngster and tried watching it again only to realize you 've ruined the fond memory you 've had of it ? Because now you see how bad it actually is?That 's how I feel with this movie.Before I go on I would like to give a warning : POSSIBLE SPOILER ALERT ! PLEASE READ IF YOU DO N'T CARE OR AFTER YOU 'VE WATCHED THE MOVIE ! 1 . First , I really thought the movie would have a reasonable , even moderately believable plot that assists the story to make it plausible to the viewers . However , it does NOT . This really ruined the movie for me . I can watch almost anything , kid movies , chick-flicks , anime , cartoons , serious adult movies , you name it . However , it must be somewhat believable and plausible . This movie is so unbelievably full of craaap that it just kills it . I 'll list why : a -RRB- If a kid runs around flaunting that much money , he 'd be caught immediately . He would be reported immediately either from a store owner or a random stranger . Anyone in their right mind would find it highly suspicious.b -RRB- The bad guys had a positive picture on the kid , all they needed was to post it around schools or parks . The kid ca n't live that far , he rides a bike . Just post it up that he stole something.c -RRB- The whole thing about the blank check is just too much to make it believable . It makes winning the lottery look like a joke . So all he had to do was get hit by that exact car , by that exact person , at the exact right time , come into the bank at the exact right time with the exact check with the full exact amount of money written on it and encounters a perfect situation to cash in that check and gets out at the exact right time . It 's just too much . Forget the check kid , with your luck go buy a lottery ticket that 's worth a lot more than that?d -RRB- How everyone remains clueless about Macintosh is ... beyond me . How a kid fools everyone including the FBI ... I have no clue on that .2 . The father , I thought , in fact the whole family are a bunch of freaken JEEERKS . I hated the Dad a few minutes after seeing him . He is an extremely hate-able character . People like that should not have kids .3 . Pedophile , `` cougar ' FBI agent lady in the movie . THIS IS A PERSONAL SHOUT OUT AT THE REVIEWER THAT SAYS SHE IS A THIRD GRADE TEACHER . I 'm completely disgusted , but not very surprised that you would let our kids watch this obviously ignorant and disgusting movie . Maybe this is why our kids have such low scores at school because they watch these moooronic movies that give nothing to the kids . If I was a parent , I 'd be on the lookout for teachers that say this movie is great for their kids . This movie had a much older woman kissing a young child on the lips and telling him to call her back in a few years , a child that is n't even near his puberty yet . HOW CAN YOU POSSIBLY SAY IT 'S A GOOD KID 'S MOVIE ? DISGUSTING . YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED AND FIRED .4 . The kid was nervous about the whole thing and goes around sneaking the check of the million dollars . That means he know it was a bad thing to do and is probably somewhat aware that he was taking the money wrongfully , yet he does it . This is no joke . This is a movie about a THIEF , do n't think it is funny because it is about a little kid . Just because it 's a kid and it 's made by Disney should not make it seem like some sort of joke . He is a THIEF and the movie is giving bad information to kids that watch it . It 's nothing to laugh about.There 's tons of other unbelievable elements in this story that just completely makes it craaap.I can watch a movie , but only movies that have a decent understandable story to it.Everyone that rated this above a 2 star , you know what , this is why our country is so messed up . This movie was not only outlandishly ridiculous to the point where it loses all credibility in it 's plot , but it was not a very fun and entertaining movie to begin with . Do n't waste your time with this garbage.I will never EVER recommend this movie to any child . They 're already messed up as it is .
 I have quite a few thoughts I 'd like to pour out into this review on the movie ` Blank Check ' . The reason it sucked was nothing good came out of it . The kid is very stupid and did n't save anything of his money ! First he wanted at least a thousand , then he thought he could make a check for $ 1,000,000 which he successfully does , and by God , he buys a house for at least 2 hundred thousand , what the hell did he expect ?! He expected his money to last forever ?! His IQ was lower than an insect 's . Also , he wishes he had the money to go on some good rides at the fair , but totally forgets about it when he has the money later.He runs away from his problem from not having his own room all because he ca n't stand up for himself . He 's a loser in the film . He does n't even have any friends . He had to rely on a big , overweight grown up for a friend . God , what about kids his own age ?! He spends it , -LRB- all of it in 6 days -RRB- like there 's no tomorrow . . He buys all these clothes that are his size , but does n't even think about the fact that he now has the mony to buy his own car when he gets older , or some good clothes like at least a good tuxedo for his high school prom. , just silly !! This is one kid with a sickly low self-esteem . Not only do his older brothers have THEIR own rooms , but he does n't even stick up for his own privacy . I mean , why could n't his brothers ' equipment be in THEIR own room ?! This kid was a total loser ...
 I was really looking forward to this movie . I 've loved all the scripts Kevin Williamson has wrote , from Scream to the faculty , and not forgeting Dawson 's Creek which I also enjoy a watch of . This fillm was also Williamson 's directorial debut , and included the very talented Katie Holmes.So , to be honest I was probably looking for a lot from this movie , did it deliver ? Well to be honest its probably unfair to say if it did , or did n't . To me it just could have been a Dawson 's Creek episode -LRB- ok , maybe if it had been toned down a bit -RRB- . Holmes was excellent and stole the show , but te film was slow , and never really peaked.Never mind Kevin , I 'm sure you 're next one will be better . However , its worth a watch .
 The basic plot for `` Teaching Mrs. Tingle '' follows several high school students ; very intelligent Leigh Ann Watson -LRB- Katie holmes -RRB- is caught with the answer 's to the finals , given to her by Luke Churner -LRB- Barry Watson -RRB- and Jo lynn -LRB- Marisa Coughlin -RRB- . With a prize schoolar ship at risk , Katie attempts to prove that she is innocent of the crime . Mrs. Tingle will have none of this , as it is blatantly obvious that she is , above all , pure evil . One event leads to another , and our precious students tie Tingle to her bed and slowly force her to listen to them , while Tingle is slowly pyschologicly tearing the group apart , planning her freedom ... Simply by a glance at the cover of the film and it becomes apparent that `` Teaching Mrs. Tingle '' is targeted toward teens . Add the fact that it is directed by -LRB- ugh -RRB- Kevin willimason and features such popular teen stars ; adults might dislike this film . The various reasons why this movie was passible are ; 1 -RRB- Was it entirely nessessary to shoot Tingle with a cross-bow ? Would it not be smarter to reason with the principal or someone else that has communicated with Mrs. Tingle , as everyone who knows her hates her ? 2 -RRB- Helen Mirren gives off a fantastic preformance as the evil teacher , but her physical strengh is unbeleviable . She punches , crushes , and strangles all the students who get in her way .3 -RRB- Helen Mirren stays tied to the bed post for the entire movie .4 -RRB- The students are so dim that they acually confide their personal secrets to Tingle , and she uses the information to manipulate them .5 -RRB- The use of the word `` Ironic '' .6 -RRB- The plot is somewhat weak , mostly involving the students madely scrambling to keep the kidnapping secret ; just add a little weak humor , sex , and violence .7 -RRB- At one point Tingle is smashing a certain student around , spaltering them is blood . Tingle acually gets pushed down the stairs and all of the blood dissapears . I doubt that one is healed from falling down stairs ... 8 -RRB- The ending . Holmes sleeps with Watson , who is Coughlin 's crush . This breaks the bond of friendship between Holmes and Coughlin , yet the group are seen walking together during ther ending , in a cheery sort of mood . WhAt ? 9 -RRB- Bad lines . `` Why are you doing this to us ? '' `` I want you to learn ! '' `` No , you want me to fail '' . Bravo.There are positive points however ; Marisa Coughlin depiction of the excorist must be seen to believe , Coughlin herself gives of a charming preformance , and the entire film manages is not to boring . If you 're looking for a teen movie with several dusterbingly funny moments , then go for it , but otherwise this is a bad apple .
 I did not like this movie much at all . It was not boring , it was just so stupid . The one good thing about the movie is that Mrs. Tingle represents every teacher that you despised , and on that level I liked this movie . On every other level the film failed miserabley .
 What were they thinking for the end of this movie , One of my best friends said the movie was supposed to be even blacker comedy , but those stupid kids in colorado went and killed a bunch of people and then got the Cinema blamed so they changed it a bit and to me makes no sense at the end .
 This movie is a stinker , one of the worst I 've seen in my life . The characters are completely one-dimensional archetypes , and as another reviewer has noted , just devices to keep the sloppy plot moving forward . Mirren ca n't manage to make Mrs. Tingle believable , because the writing is so poor . This is inspite of being a finer actress , by several orders of magnitude , than the other leads . The conclusion is mind-numbingly and spirit-chrushingly inept
 I had waited so long for this movie to come out , and then when it did , it completely failed to live up to my expectations . I suppose the acting was n't too bad ; I was mostly diasppointed by the boring plot and sophomoric vocabulary used . Did they intend on making the characters as boring and juvenile as possible , because they certainly did . I would not want to see this movie again .
 I rented this DVD because the cover said it was a `` hilarious comedy . '' If you just look at the concept of the movie -LRB- i.e. , unfair teacher gets tied up while her bungling students try to get her to listen to them -RRB- , then I suppose it 's funny . However , there was very little about this movie that was funny . It should have been labeled a thriller . Helen Mirren , as Mrs. Tingle , is just as frightening as any masked ax murderer , and she does on several occasions try to kill one of the teenagers . My children and I were very disappointed -- not in the acting ability of the actors -LRB- they did a fine job -RRB- , but in the film being represented as something that it was n't . It is not a comedy by any stretch of the imagination . Huge disappointment !!
 To people who have said that the only reason this movie got trashed by critics is because they are adults and do n't understand teens I have to disagree . First off , I am teen and I thought this movie was incredibly stupid , unfunny , and annoying . It had a ridiculous plot -- give me a break they had to tie up the teacher otherwise Katie Holmes would n't go to college . Not to mention it was ridiculous that the kids were such clay in Tingle 's hands ands would do anything Tingle wanted even though she was tied up . Tingle only had to talk for a few minutes about BS and the kids would get all depressed and do stupid things even if it would totally hurt their friends . I could forgive all this for the movie if it was funny , but it was n't . Also the redhead was a very annoying , stupid , and feeble-willed character . The only upside to the movie
 I ca n't say that I did n't like this movie a little bit . It was interesting enough that I did n't get bored . I doubt that I 'll ever watch it again , but Teaching Mrs. Tingle was okay . This film was technically well made in my opinion , but I felt that the plot was just too unbelievable . I think that the kids should have just gone to the principal , but then there probably would n't have been much of a movie had they done that . I also thought that the movie moved too fast in the beginning , but after a while the pace turned out fine . The ending was a bit confusing also . Teaching Mrs. Tingle had some pretty good acting
 First of all , how in the world can anyone call this a comedy ? It shows some lady that gets pleasure out of making honest students ' lives a living hell.Three kids cheat and she turns them into the office . They do n't know what to do , so they just raid her house , shoot her with a dart , and hold her captive at her own home . Really bad . I do n't want to write anything more about this .
 This teen flick tries to be hip , tries to be suspenseful , and tries to be meaningful but never really attains any of these goals . When three young people kidnap their domineering teacher , the stakes could potentially be huge and traumatic , or just a lot of fun , but the screenwriter pulls back anytime viewers might start to care what happens , or might start to enjoy themselves.In the Scream films , at any rate , the stakes were huge
 Hell , even WITH Mirren there 's precious little of value.I 'm going to cut to the chase -- just how stupid IS our little scholarship hopeful ? She and her friends tie Mrs. Tingle up , and then proceed to believe every single thing she says to them while she 's in their control . Are these kids so emotionally deficient that they 'll believe anything said to them by someone who 's got nothing to lose by trying to manipulate them?Now , Mirren does a masterful job with the little she 's given to work with -- as she handles and reads from Leanne 's history project , she gives a look that hints at deeper emotion , but the film never capitalizes on it . The flat script never gives Tingle any dimension
 Being a Helen Mirren fan from Prime Suspect , etc. etc. . I can not beleive she actually read the script before accepting the lead ? The plot was so ridiculous and riddled with bugs -LRB- she 's held captive for days in her house tied to her bed ... how does she go to the bathroom ? -RRB- I actually thought that maybe a twist was that one of the students might have been her daughter / son but even that plausible diversion was not to be . The ending was absolutely incredibly bad . Compare this graduation ending to the last scene in `` She 's All That '' that left one with a wonderful taste of completion and you realize that you have a worthless 90 minutes to get through .
 `` Teaching Mrs Tingle '' seems to be So Scared of Offending someone that it dares not show a Hint of Violence or Gore . It also looks like it 's been Edited to it 's Bare Bones so we only get the Basic kidnap story , a few jokes , a love triangle , a Wussy ending , and . . Hey Presto , a Box Office Flop . Shame on all involved , -LRB- except Helen Mirren -RRB- Especially Mr Williamson . . You turned down writing `` Scream 3 '' for This . . Deary Me.Katie Holmes looks embarrassed in the lead role , Barry Watson looks out of his depth and Marisa Coughlan try 's her best and pulls off the Best performance of the three . She is still no match for Helen Mirren who has a downright silly role , very much beneath an Actress of her Stature , but her Professionalism takes over and she gives it her all , making the film always Bearable . Every piece of Teeth-Grindingly Bad Dialogue she has to sprout , she does so with an Evil Grin and a Wicked Stare . All the Films Enjoyment comes from her.The Supporting cast is Quite an Oddity . Molly Ringwald , Michael McKean and Vivica A Fox all have tiny little roles that hardly have any screen time , or any point . That 's what leads me to believe the film has been largly edited . Quite a shame as those three performances were far more interesting than the three on the Poster .
 The Bottom Line : A braindead movie that does n't bother making its imbecilic plot even slightly plausible -LRB- how does Mrs. Tingle go to the bathroom ? -RRB- , Teaching Mrs. Tingle should be thanked for virtually ending the career of Kevin Williamson and never mentioned otherwise
 After Lois Duncan was disappointed that her teen suspense novel `` I Know What You Did Last Summer '' was turned into a `` teen schlock film '' it was highly doubtful that she 'd give permission for film rights to Kevin Williamson again . So instead he just wrote it in his own words and called it `` Teaching Mrs.Tingle '' . Anyone who read Duncan 's novel can see that Williamson just stole her idea . It 's even more obvious that it happened after she was unhappy of HIS treatment of her other novel . I remember seeing it in the theater so I could do a compare and contrast afterwards . The movie fails and just shoots for teen eye candy and cheap pop references that wre popular at the time that now look like dusty artifacts !
 This film is simply an example of an extremely poor piece of filmmaking There is no point , no resolve , no meaning , no interest ; no nothing ! In short , besides a rather good performance by Helen Mirren -LRB- Mrs. Tingle -RRB- , this film offers a psychotic teacher who would go to extremes as insane as firing crossbow arrows at her own students to keep them at bay . The teenage actors are sexy and witless and have no character depth whatsoever . They portray the youth once more as vacant , resonless vandals and do a poor job portraying even this . The film 's plot is so basic and uninteresting that even the `` dramatic '' portions of this film were void of any substance . The comedy is poor , the acting -LRB- except for Mirren -RRB- is even worse , and plot seems as if it is n't even stable enough to provide a foundation on which to build the entire movie . `` Teaching Mrs. Tingle '' is a worthless , pessimistic , unearthly film that once again shows the media 's failure to portray relationships between today 's teenage society and their mentors as comical , suspenseful , interesting , and even controversial .
 this movie was a big dissapointment . the beginning is good but after that it looses all of its interest.the only reason i even rented it was for katie holmes
 Do n't even think about , do n't even consider buying this movie perhaps the biggest , most predictable flop ever . It is about as amusing as watching toast burn and is about as interesting too . The plot is stupid and degrades teenagers intelligence making people believe that some over the hill teacher can manipulate a bunch of kids into betrayal and deceit . Possibly the worst movie I have seen after The Crow 2 .
 I wrote my review after I rec 'd my unopened DVD movie . I noticed the problem when I opened the DVD . The circle holder the DVD sits on was broken so basically the DVD was bouncing around inside it 's unopened box . It 's a minor defect but I wish it was not broken . I played the movie and that was ok . So I guess that 's all .
 This is n't a dreadful film , merely insipid . The plot is deeply flawed and implausible . It tries to be a number of genres and fails at each . It fails as a comedy , as a suspense thriller and as a horror movie . It almost succeeds as science fiction . The direction is uninspired and Katie Holmes , cute cherub face that she is , should be modeling teen clothing , not acting . The only thing that keeps this movie from being a 1 out of 10 is Helen Mirren . Her performance is fabulously nefarious and is -LRB- almost -RRB- worth suffering through the rest of it . Her ability to transmute from imperious to faux sympathetic to deviously manipulate and control her prey shows masterful range . Other than Marissa Coughlin 's delightful Exorcist rendition , Mirren is the only reason to see this movie . A solid 3/10 .
 Well , it seems the all mighty Kevin has stumbled . I loved the Scream films , and The Faculty , but this time something 's gone wrong . It 's not Helen Mirren 's fault , because she holds this film up on her own - it 's just that what should be a dark and twisted story about pupils ' hate for their teachers is in fact a rather dull farce . The characters are unbelievably one dimensional , especially for such a gifted writer as Williamson . The kids are holding their techer hostage , yet minutes later they 're having sex in her house - forgetting that they 're most likely going to go to jail . I really wanted to like this film , but having got used to the best from Kevin , this just wo n't do . There 's only a trailer on the disc , probably because the people involved were a little embarassed at being in it and so do n't want to be reminded of that fact , but the sound is good - at times it seems like it really is raining outside your own house during a pivotal scene between Mirren and Holmes . It 's not an awful film by a long shot , but it could have been so much better .
 This movie shows that Amazon should let us put negative stars . This movie does not even deserve one star . The only reason anyone would like this movie is because they want to ogle Katie Holmes or Barry Watson . This movie is supposed to be comedy , only it 's not funny . It 's supposed to be suspense , only you can see everything coming from a mile away . It 's supposed to be scary , but I about fell asleep during it . The acting was deplorable , the plotline ridiculous , and the ending was so stupid and unbelievable . Do not waste your money on this movie .
 Leann is an overachieving writer who is in desperate need of a college scholarship to escape her destiny of becoming just a name tag . But , after a run-in with a cheating burn-out , her evil history teacher decides to pin the act on her . Before you know it , her and her friends have the teacher gagged and bondaged in her own house.Mirren starts up with a cut-throat performance but runs out of steam immediately after she comes to . Holmes plays the egghead with a cutsy strand but stretches too thin . Watson displays no character whatsoever . The only cast member who shines through is Coughlan , who is highly witty and lively.Like most in the genre , it starts off with a bang but ca n't sustain the bitterness that makes the black comedy dark . I mean , if you ca n't tell that this is weak from the video box -LRB- which does n't even have Mrs. Tingle on the cover ! -RRB- , you 're in for a hard time . Plus , this film also needs a music operation . If you were expecting another JAWBREAKER , you 'll be thoroughly disappointed .
 Ah , what better way to relax on a dull , damp Saturday night than to watch a good , mindless teen slasher flick ? Let 's just say that 15 minutes into this disgustingly lazy conundrum of week-old tripe , licking around the base of a toilet seemed like a fun , relaxing diversion . Oi vey . It starts out innocently enough . Katie Holmes is Leighann , a hardworking and wholesome high school senior who needs a scholarship to attend college . The only class that stands in her way is history with Mrs. Tingle , in which she needs an A to be on top of her class . We meet her just as she finishes her history presentation project , a stunning replica of a diary that might 've been kept by an accused witch during the Salem witch hunts . Helen Mirren is Mrs. Tingle , who is just poorly scripted and overwrought from the beginning . We meet her as she stridently plows down the hall and students clear the way in melodramatic fright . She intimidates the principal before marching into her classroom to witness her students ' presentations . Holmes gives a very good , sincere delivery concerning her mock journal , which , unbelievably , is ostracized by Mirren . Also important later on is another student 's project , a crossbow , -LRB- which provides an inane and gape-worthy scene where the presenter idiotically loads the thing and - surprise , surprise - it nearly hits someone -LRB- Holmes ' overdone rival for the scholarship -RRB- and the pretty boy slacker played by Barry Watson . Well , Holmes meets with her saucy aspiring actress pal , played by Marisa Coughlin , after school in the gymnasium to complain about the injustice of it all . Watson , lust object of Coughlin , saunters in with a little present for Holmes - a copy of Mirren 's final exam . Nonplussed , Holmes tries to repudiate Watson 's offering , but he tosses it to her and she is ultimately caught by a smirking , adolescently jubilant Mirren who just ca n't wait to rake this little upstart over the coals . Holmes pleads all the way to the office and gets off easy for the time being as the principal has conveniently retired for the afternoon . Anxious , she commences with Watson and Coughlin , who agree that Mirren must be sated . Plan A
 What category does this movie fit in to , other than a stupid teenage chick flick ? It might be a horror movie but it was anything but scary . It could be a comedy but it was not at all funny . So we can conclude that the only category that this un-realistic film fits into is `` flop '' . The only good part of this movie was Katie Holmes . She was way too good for the movie .
 THIS , ALONG WITH SCREAM 3 , IS THE WORST FILM I HAVE EVER SEEN . I CA N'T EVEN FINISH WATCHING IT , ALL THOUGH I DID , THE ENDING IS JUST STUPID AND DUMB ! HOW CAN SOMEONE WRITE THIS BAD AN CALL IT HORROR OR SUSPENSE ? THEY ARE AFRAID OF DOING SOMETHING GOOD , A TYPICAL , ONLY WORSE , HOLLYWOOD TERROR FILM . WHY CA N'T THE GIRL DIE ? IT SEEM TO ME TINGLE WAS A VERY CHEAP IITATION WAN NA BE LECTAR PEOPLE SKIP THIS VIDEO !
 Everyone , for some reason , loves Katie Homles . Why ? Is it because she has a cute little rack ? stress on the little . wonder bras do really do wonders . I mean , her talent is as vacant as she is . she is plastic . all the characters she has ever portrayed for very boring and very unconvincing . i do n't know who she slept with the get her break , but I would really regret it if i was him.That aside . The movie is loosey based on a novel by Lois Duncan
 this was a terrible movie . everything about it is miserable .
 This movie is just a chain of misfires all the way through . It does n't work as a horror or suspense movie , but Helen Mirren 's over the top performance makes it almost work as a black comedy . Katie Holmes has talent , and has made some good movies -LRB- The Ice Storm , Go -RRB- but needs to make better career decisions . Helen Mirren is too good an actress for this role , but she ultimately saves the movie . Other than Mirren 's performance and a good ` Exorcist ' impression by Marisa Coughlan the movie features not much else . From a scale of 1-10 I give this movie a 4 !
 The MRs. HIngle from the tittle is totally ansurd ; there is n't a teacher like that . But Mirren plays it with conciction , and the result is a good comedy , with dierctor Kevin WIlliamson not dropping one once of blood . It 's good to watch eating popcorn , nothing more . About the teen actors , the one who plays Holmes ` friend is the best !
 Like many who were expecting something full of plot and suspence , I rented this video from the store thinking that it would be a good movie . It had to be one of the disapointing movies I 've seen . A very unconvincing , shallow plot . Very unbelievable . I mean would things really get to that extreme in such a situation ? The strict , mean teacher was portrayed well in the movie , but the drastic degree the students took to get what they wanted . They break into her house and nearly kill her with an arrow . Oh yeah they 're really going to college now . I kept waiting and waiting for this movie to end , it seemed that it kept going and going but when it was done , I felt that was the biggest waste of time I ever spent . Do n't make the same mistake .
 Rubbish , total rubbish is what this movie is . At first it reminded me of ` Jawbreaker ' , however Jawbreaker is a much better movie . ` Teaching Mrs Tingle ' has so many flaws it 's embarrassing . Why Helen Mirren would want to do a movie like this when she is well known for only doing quality productions is beyond me . What a way to spoil your career .
 I rented this film thinking it would be a slick action/suspense . However , the only suspense was guessing how much was left . Having only about 2 `` action '' scenes , ` Teaching Mrs. Tingle ' is a dumb , OK-the-first-time-around movie that leaves the viewer priasing the LORD for the end . The first `` action '' scene runs only about 2 minutes . The second , about 4 minutes . A lot of cheesy scenes and corny lines make ` T.M.T. ' a boring and nonentertaining film . I recommend it 2 no one .
 Did the producers actually sit and watch this movie before they released it ? I am a die-hard Aliens/Predator fan but I had to stop half way through the dvd because it is sooo dark I could hardly make anything out , and my eyes were starting to strain . The story may be ok , but whats the point if you ca n't see anything ? Stupid , stupid , stupid . I could not enjoy it straining myself to understand what was going on , and from what I see on these reveiws I 'm not alone . Not worth buying until they release a digitaly ` enlightened ' version .
 Once again , producer John Davis , the mastermind behind such films as Norbit and Daddy Day Camp , churns out a second AvP , this time with 50 % of the budget -LRB- and talent -RRB- that the 2004 film had.Paul W.S. Anderson 's version of AvP was a clumsy and thoroughly silly film , but its competent international cast , decent visual effects , and great production design ultimately redeemed it and made it enjoyable . Clearly it was not as good as even Alien Resurrection or Predator 2 , the worst films in either separate franchise , but it was watchable as a fun - and even stylish - B movie.THIS movie , however , is bottom of the barrel , straight-to-DVD -LRB- or at least it should have been -RRB- fanboy fodder . AvP Requiem is a painfully low budget , ameteurish , and needlessly trashy film that should never have been made , at least not by these people . The production values are barely any better than a Sci Fi original film , and the direction by the Strause Brothers is choppy and borderline incoherent.There 's no need talking about the plot , which ignores every single rule established in the Alien series . The script by Shane Salerno is atrocious , as he populates the story with every single teenage and small town cliche imaginable . The actors have zero charisma or gravitas , and every scene looks like it was shot in one take , though I 'm sure that with a better script and direction , they would have done much better . Did I mention this movie has potheads and pizza kids in it ? Yes , potheads and pizza kids in an Alien movie.The monsters do n't fare much better than the humans . While the Aliens in Anderson 's film were suitably impressive , methodical , and crafty , as they were in the original Alien series , the Strause Brothers reduce them to mindless zombies....fake-looking mindless zombies . The Brothers , who are clearly Predator fans , portray the Aliens as tiny monkeys next to the Predator , who is portrayed not as a hunter , but rather a glorified Power Ranger , complete with a magical `` power glove . '' The fanboy bias in the film is so prevalent it 's almost hilarious , and one wonders why the Strauses did n't just put up a big title card at the end that says PREDS ROCK , ALIENS SUCK!It takes considerable artistic skill to portray Aliens properly and make the audience believe that they are living things , because their design is incredibly complex . Scott had the talent , Cameron had the talent , Fincher had the talent , and even Jeaunet and Anderson had the talent . In front of the Strause Brothers camera , however , the Aliens simply stagger around and look like guys in suits.There 's much more to dislike with this disaster , but what 's the point ? The film is awful , and makes AvP look like ... Aliens . I could go on about the flat , painted-on CGI , the laughable Predalien , the tasteless and perfunctory gore , the incomprehensible camerawork , and the horrid dialogue , but it seems that most people are already aware of all that.So , in conclusion , avoid this film and stick with the original Alien and Predator films .
 Well , Alien , Aliens , and Predator are easily masterpieces of science fiction ! Alien 3 was lame , dull , and without creativity . Alien Resurrection was fun for all the fans but still lacked something that made it as enjoyable as the first two films . Predator 2 used some nice elements for fans of the first movie , but was mostly without heart . And finally Alien Vs. Predator was better than I expected ; it used a lot more cool elements
 First off , let me just say that I am a Huge Predator fan . I also really enjoy the aliens series as well . What I liked about this film is that the Predator is the most badass one I have ever seen . They did an excellent job on the Predator . The first AVP 's Predators looked like guys from the WWE . Thats not the Way Predators are supposed to look . I also like the PredAlien hybrid . He was done pretty well except for the whole being able to reproduce aliens . That was stupid . I would have given this movie more stars but the simple fact of the matter is that you cant see whats going on in most of the shots . Was it bad lighting or did they do that on purpose ? Either way it totally ruins this movie . I saw it in theatres a couple times and it was not this dark at all . I really wish they would go back and fix this problem and quit cheating the people that bought this dvd . Unfortunately , this movie had a shoe string budget so I bet nothing gets done.In Conclusion , decent movie but because of the lighting issues it really is not watchable . what a shame ...
 This is part 2 . You would 've thought that 20th century FOX would 've learned do n't hire music video directors & they give the Strause Brothers full reign but were strict on Fincher WTF . Fincher has made some movies I actually liked Strause Brothers gave us R Kelly & 50 cent music videos WTF . I like Alien , Aliens & Alien 3 they were excellent Alien Resurrection was an ok action movie . Predator 1 classic survival horror Predator 2 comes pretty close . These movies should n't be that hard to make You have a planet overran by Aliens a space crew like the 1st movie gets a distress signal & they respond another ship with Predators responds to it too or do the same thing just have Predators result 1st then some marines go in 2nd . FOX you should 've adapted Peter Briggs 's script . Stay the f**K away from AvP & AVPR they have B list written all over it .
 First off I have to say , I 'm a fan of both franchises and of the first AVP film . Very enjoyable and easy to watch . However , take what you love about the Alien and Predator franchises , and cover it all three shades darker than what you want and you have this film . Visually the cuts are so quick , and the action scenes so darkly lit it 's a little hard to follow . The Predator effects are amazing , the music and sound reminded me of the 1st Predator film . However , the no name cast didnt hold my attention , and they do n't make me want to root for them . The predator in this film seems like a damage control specialist , covering up the alien bodies and cleaning as he goes . He 's no hero , he still knocks the snot out of the humans that get in his way . So , the idea is engaging , but there is alot of time spent with the towns folk . The rest of the time soaks the same towns folk in pouring rain and horrific blood splatter . Even the original Alien films implied more than they ever showed . Which is always a better way to go . Not hiding anything leaves nothing to the imagination . The Predator homeworld scenes are pretty cool , but its a short little bit at the beginning . Look for the ending to leave you disappointed . I did like that the Yutani corporation is finally brought up .
 In 1986 Director James Cameron made the first sequel to Ridley Scott 's 1979 classicAlien ... and Cameron 's sequelAlienswas even better than the original -LRB- and appears on my Amazon Listmania list of Flicks Guaranteed to Leave a Permanent Impression -RRB- . In all there were4 Alien movies.Then in 1987 Jon McTiernan made one of the best movies ever with Arnold Schwarzenegger calledPredator . In 1990 a fair at bestPredator sequelfollowed , but gave us our first teaser glimpse of a possible Alien versus Predator movie in the form of an Alien 's skull in a Predator 's trophy case.In 1989 Dark Horse originally merged the two franchises into a comic book , and in the 90s the video game industry took a bunch of stabs at Alien versus Predator action games.We finally got the firstAlien Vs. Predatorfeature film in 2004 from Paul Anderson , a video game to movie specialist . And it was n't * that * bad . It 's major flaw came at the end when a mutated Alien hatched from a Predator . Why flawed you say ? Because the parasitic Alien race was unique by planting its eggs within a host , but it did n't mean that the Aliens took on the attributes of the host , right?Strangely , it is this flawed concept that visual effects masters turned directors The Strause Brothers latched onto and built a movie around with AVP
 Good Story , But BAD - BAD , and I do mean BAD Lighting ! I Love the Alien series , but this ... I admit that much of the films story happens at night , but even with my LCD AND computer , much of the detail is washed out . Very disapointing film released by 20th Centry Fox . Sadly , it wo n't be apart of my collection , because you just ca n't see whats happening . Note
 First of all , every time I see a film of this nature that 's mostly too dark to even distinguish what 's going on -LRB- remember The Relic ? -RRB- , I figure it 's going to bite . This movie was no exception . I actually liked the first AVP . `` Requiem , '' however , was a burden to get through.While I did n't look for any stellar acting -LRB- and did n't get it -RRB- , or deep plot -LRB- and did n't get it -RRB- , I did expect at least decent special effects , and did n't get those , either . As far as violence , gore , etc. . . all you could see was some of the gore.Okay , so no problem though , right ? Certainly the fight scenes between the Predator and the Predaliens would be more than enough to make me happy ... too bad these were so difficult to make out in the near pitch-black darkness , nobody here watching it could tell who was doing what to whom for the most part.I had so been looking forward to this and was so disappointed.My recommendation , if you simply must satisfy your curiosity , rent this movie ... do n't bother to purchase .
 I just got through watching this film . I did not go see it in the theaters , and now I am glad that I did not . I love the Alien franchise as well as the Predator franchise . I actually liked the first AVP movie , that is until the Predators came into the picture and it became `` Batman and Robin '' . Watching this film is like watching a television with no picture , you can hear the movie fine and it sounds great ! But for anyone that actually likes to SEE what is going on in the film , this is not the movie for you ! I actually would tell people not to buy this film . It is definitely not worth the money . Oh , it might have been , if you could see what was going on ! I loved the design of the Predalien , the screen shots I saw on the net were great ! I also loved the fact that the Aliens have the ridged head like the second film , and I have to say , if they release the film with adjusted lighting , I might buy it ! But if I were anyone thinking about buying this film , I might try something first . Put in Aliens -LRB- the second Alien movie in the series -RRB- and blackout the picture . If you like listening to it and watching the black screen for an hour and a half , I would buy this film ! If not , I would go home , pop in the original Alien film and enjoy!Personally , I think they filmed the movie , saw that the effects were n't that great and blacked out everything . It 's like the 1998 American Godzilla film . To hide your bad effects , make it rain all the time!And by the way , the ending is as stupid as the first AVP!NO more AVP 's please ! Go talk to James Cameron or Ridley Scott and do a prequel to the first film ! But first , PLEASE have a good story before you start any filming !
 This movie was just awful . I was hoping redemption after greatly disliking the first in the series but was disappointed yet again . This makes the original look oscar-worthy . All the action , and I do mean ALL the action , takes place in almost complete darkness . The type of darkness so dark that squinting your eyes does n't even help . The director uses extreme close-ups in virtually every scene so your not even sure what your looking at . Not even to mention , the action scenes , that you can for the most part actually see , leave you feeling cheated . They are super short and beating a dead dog here but majority of them are ultra hard to see . I 'd estimate the actual on-screen action consists of about twenty minutes of footage . The brothers Straus also must have never watched a film from the genre because there is absolutely no tension or atmosphere to this flick.I would say the plot was weak but in that case the movie would have to have a plot to begin with . Something along the lines of a Dawson 's Creek episode with aliens . Boy likes girl , girl has boyfriend , boy gets beatup by boyfriend , aliens show up and eat people , predator shows up , everyone fights -LRB- briefly -RRB- , The End.It seems like it would be so simple to have this be an entertaining franchise but somehow Hollywood is screwing it up . Predator was an awesome flick and Aliens was an awesome flick . How is it possible to add them together to create such a bland film ? The only -LRB- I would use the word redeeming but that would imply it salvaged the movie -RRB- decent aspect of the movie is seeing the Predalien . But still , the Predalien resembles that of Jar-Jar Binx 's retarted cousin.Upsides : The final fifteen minutes . -LRB- Hospital Scene -RRB- Downsides : Eighty-six minutes of your life waisted squinting.I just hope the third AVP movie is entitled AVP
 This movie was so terrible it left a bad taste in my mouth . I actually stopped paying attention to what was happening about half way through and I 'm surprised I even made it that far . The ONLY cool thing about this film is the Alien/Predator Hybrid Monster that runs around killing everybody . Everything else about the movie was bad .
 Everything Science Fiction fans ever wanted in an ALIENS VS PREDATOR movie can be found in ALIENS VS PREDATOR
 This movie is horrible ; The only reason I even bought this was to complete my Blu-Ray collection of the Aliens/Predator collection -LRB- I.E. Alien , Aliens , Predator , Predator 2 , etc. . -RRB-
 Worst movie I 've seen in YEARS.I know high school kids that have written more convincing dribble than this script . My favorite was the Stryker -LRB- that 's the wheeled armored personel carrier the army uses ... -RRB- driver who also is a helicopter pilot . Amazing ! And dear god - why do n't people get military consultants ? Or hell , just ask your buddy that 's in the guard to come help make sure the uniforms are n't rediculously off base . True - for legal reasons I 'm told , uniforms ca n't be completely accurate or your impersonating - whatever ... but damn . Collar up , patches on wrong sleeves , NO rank ... Dude . If you have ANY military experience , including attending basic training and dropping out - do n't watch this movie.Movie is massively dark - no doubt to conceal the awful acting . Now if only the conversations could be concealed.It 's like watching a train wreck . I only finished it to see if it could possibly get worse - and it did.I 'm off to punch myself in the nuts for spending money on this . Tomorrow I 'll pee on this disc and then set it on fire .
 If I could give it minus stars , I would . As a 42 year old who loves Alien and Predator and who thought AVP had a very good story line -LRB- but not as much gore as previous Alien and Predator movies -RRB- , I found this very disappointing . There was no real gore here , definitely no story line whatsoever , and you could not really tell which THING was the Predalien . Plus , there was never really any big scenes between the Predalien and the Predator . Do not waste your time or your money on this . -LRB- Especially your time . -RRB-
 Alien in 1979 was a masterpiece of science fiction and horror . Aliens in 1986 took it to a new level . They should have stopped the series then.This movie may qualify for the worst movie ever made in the history of humankind ! The Strause brothers who made this should go back to Evanston , Il and hang out at Village Tavern in Des Plaines and brag to Chicks about how they put the last nail in the coffin on the Alien series.What were they thinking ? Do not buy this or even rent it ! It sucks!Why would they turn an Alien film into a `` teen-slasher '' movie ? At times I was waiting for Freddy Kruger to appear in a scene . Also , This movie broke the ultimate rule in horror films - You dont kill freakin newborn babies in a monster movie ! The scene in the maturnity ward is not only stupid , it 's just in poor taste ! Babies are off limits as victims in horror films . Also , why all the gore ? The Alien films are not about gore , They are about atmosphere and suspense . Fanboys and convention geeks just dont get that.Let 's try and pretend that this never happened . Let 's Send these Strause brothers back to the comic shop in Evanston and hopefully a good director can save the franchise . These two idiots who directed this should re-examine their carrers . I heard Blockbuster is hiring !
 I went into this movie with high hopes . The first movie was horrible . One of the worst movies ever made.When I saw the trailer for this movie I knew that the mess that was Paul W.S. Anderson 's Alien vs. Predator was redeemed . Unfortunately , the trailer was highly deceptive.The real title should have been Alien vs. Predator
 Have you seen Alien , Aliens and Predator ? If so this will look familiar . Bits from these movies and a few bits from some of the lesser sequels are strung together to make an action flick , which whilst having the same creatures lacks any originality . So we get a recreation of ` Newt ' from Aliens a Ripley like strong female character and all manor of other rip-offs from the other films in both series . In my view Alien vs Predator -LRB- 2004 -RRB- was a decent attempt to keep a franchise alive . Not brilliant but certainly worth watching . This is n't worth watching.If you have n't seen the original films , or your have only seen Alien vs Predator you will have no understanding of my criticisms . If so go back to the beginning and watch ` Alien ' -LRB- 1979 -RRB- alone in the dark for one of the scariest horror/Sci-fi films ever made . Then watch ` Aliens ' -LRB- 1986 -RRB- to see the best war movie in space ever made . Finally watch ` Predator ' -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , which is not in the same class as Alien/Aliens but is still a high class action/Sci-fi movie.When you have done that you should then watch ` Requiem ' and all will be revealed -LRB- tripe -RRB- .
 the first Predator was great , the second was good . The first AVP movie was so so . Now , with this one its gone sour . I really wish I didnt waste my time even watching it . C-List actors no one will recognize unless maybe their parents ... At least I 'm only out a dollar rental , you definitely dont want to purchase this garbage .
 The original Alien and Predator movies were the best.The first AvP was alot better than I thought it would be , not fantastic but watchable . This one , Alien vs Predator Requiem ... the absolute worst . The usual horror flick cliches I could have lived with , even the teenage love triangle subplot I could have tolerated but nuclear powerplant ... please that was one cliche to far.But the thing that really pi ** ed me off , to the point I turned the movie off after 30 minutes was the crappy filming ... darkness when artfully used and not overdone is great , as in the first Alien movie . But thi piece of junk ... you could never actually see what was going on , it was so dark that t the odd bits of action one was able to make out made no sense , very disjointed ... very very frustrateing .
 Just starting to write this review makes me think am wasting a few more minutes of my life on thinking about a movie that i would definitely not want even my worst enemy to watch with a gun to his head.If you absolutely want to waste 95 mins of your time , then head to the local library or just watch a free On-Demand Movie on Comcast.This is one movie which would make you hate ALL the original Alien and Predator Movies.Imagine this movie as a genetic experiment gone wrong when mating the original Alien and original Predator movie . Now add the acting of Doom Movie into this mix . You get the picture.The director and producer should have their licenses revoked for life and made to do penance for inflicting such a horrible movie on the public.I have watched Made-for-TV movies from sci-fi channel a lot . This is 10x times worse than the worst scifi channel ever made .
 I had to turn this POS off . I swore I would not bother to watch this after the last s * & ^ % y movie they did together , and god knows what possesed me to rent this . This one is horrible because I can not tell what the hell is going on ... everything is dark and in shadows , it cut 's from sewers to space , to darkness of the sky ... it 's given me such a headache trying to watch it I had to turn it off . And the plot was boring anyway.Who in the hell commissioned this dark pos for release ?
 I cant tell if I liked this movie or not . Why ?? Because I ca n't see enough of it . This movie is dark , and I do n't mean in theame or in a noir style , but dark as in badly lit . I never get to really see any of the creature 's production values because they are seemingly just silhouettes . I got so frustrated watching this movie because I really could not see it cleary . Silhouettes wrestling in a dark sewer is not really visually stimulating . I guess they could n't open up the images more in the color correct session during post production . The fight scenes are badly lit and are hurt even further with quick , tight , shots that have shakey camera work.Don ' t get excited about seeing The Predators homeworld . It is nothing more than a brief pan shot . What a letdown !!!!! The actors are B grade at best and bring nothing new to the cliche characters.In my opinion put a fork in the AvP franchise because it seems done . Do n't waste your time on this movie .
 Watching ` Aliens vs Predator ' is like walking through a cave blindfolded . Nearly 85 % of the movie is in complete darkness with only flashes of light and the other 15 % is dimly lit . And if that is n't bad enough the predator blows up a power station shutting down the towns electricity . In any other movie this would be a disaster but these townfolk apparently only use 15 watt lightbulbs and the funny thing is after the electricity goes out the darkness stays the same-it does n't get darker . Strange.From what I could see the movie is unrelenting with the aliens and the predator killing everyone in sight-men , women , children and even newborns in a hospital maternity ward.The overall movie I heard is probably worth four stars-but I gave it two stars for audio and someday maybe 20th Century Fox will release a special edition -- Special because you can actually see what you 're watching .
 The movie sounded good , too bad you could n't see it ! It still could be a good AVP movie if they somehow lighten up the film so you can see what the hell is going on ! But as I was sitting thru it , it made me think of an audio book ! Very frustrating indeed ! I 'd say this is one movie you could turn up your speakers and turn off the tube to ! Do n't buy this unrated version , just wait until they come out with another revised version of it which will probably be titled `` AVP-Requiem Light ! ''
 Warning to Alien & Predator fans , STAY AWAY , you might cry due to the destruction of a franchise!As a kid , I have fond memories of having nightmares of aliens after watching `` Aliens , '' and looking in the shower , because you never know when one 's going to pop out at you . Predator/The Future Governor Movie , also has a fun place in my book . Flash-forward to this unfortunate movie , and the franchise of both characters are utterly destroyed like the nuclear bomb at the end . Real actors ? We can use bad/obscure ones ! Character building ? Who needs it ! Gore ? Got it ! Shock ? You 'll be horrified!In fact , the only actor I found recognizable is childhood Shawn from the TV show Psych , and an alien leeches on his face and pops out of his stomach ... This is a 10-year old kid we 're talking about ! But why stop there ? How about a particularly disturbing scene where an Alien pops out of a pregnant woman , or an Alien finds himself in maternity ward ? It 's just simply disgusting . Because let 's face it , they dumbed it down to today 's disgrac ... distasteful group of teens . There 's teen sex , the blonde bimbo , the gore , and yes , all the intelligence of a gnat is used in this movie . I mean , the majority of the movie is set in a dark , rainy town where it 's hard to see any of the action.Overall , if you 're a teen , or not a fan of these franchises , or somebody that likes mindless horror films , in more ways than one , then this is the movie for you . For the rest of us `` normal '' people , do n't see this , because you 'll be regretting it if you do . By the end , I felt like I had an Alien popping out of my stomach . By the way , what would the citizens of Colorado think of having a nuke dropped in their state ? There goes the tourism dollars !
 The first of the Alien movies , especially the first one , was thoughtful and clever . Truckers in space meet a horrific biological weapon and get in way beyond their depth . The later movies had intrigue and plots that caught up the bad guys.Seems like the franchise has been on a downward spiral ... less meaning , more beating.Good horror demands a sense of trespass and violation of the rules , the glue , that holds people together . Weyland Yutani sends space truckers to their doom , or sends colonial marines off to be parasitized for the bioweapons division . Even the last one of the franchise , Alien Resurrection , had something to ponder as United Systems Military Researchers get in over their heads.Now it 's just the XXX equivalent . You know someone is going to get speared with tongues or ripped to shreds or a chestburster is going to hurt them . No irony . No violation . Just mayhem.When I was finished watching Requiem I felt like I 'd not only lost the purchase price of the DVD but also a couple of hours of my life.If you liked the attack scenes from the Alien series buy this video . If you want to see another `` Alien '' or `` Alien3 '' do n't bother.I gave the movie a 3 because the special effects were good . Too bad that the writing was dummied down .
 Be forewarned . If you want to be able to see any of the action in this film , you will have to watch it with all the lights off . The film is dark and the action sequences are terribly frustrating as you ca n't see what 's going on . I watched it with every light out in my living room and only my kitchen light as backlighting and it was torture . But I was determined to tough it out in order to witness the final battle between the Predator/Alien hybrid and the Predator warrior . I could barely see what was going on . Even the daylight scenes are strangely dark , like a filter was used . Other than that , the film is OK , but not terribly well written . The war vet heroine does a fair imitation of Sigourney Weaver . There are moments of homage to both the Alien and Predator films and the end of the movie is a rip-off of Terminator . The basic plot is that the Predator ship containing the hybrid and alot of facehuggers crashes on Earth , they all get loose and attack a small town . A Predator warrior comes to Earth to destroy them and spends most of his time pouring acid on their victims to eliminate all traces of the Aliens . The US government gets wind of all this and -LRB- spoiler alert -RRB- nukes the town . There 's a lot of screaming in the dark . And that 's about it . Oh , and there 's an annoying cameo by the actor who plays the medical examiner in CSI-NY which is very distracting . This film is not recommended even for hardcore Alien and Predator fans .
 I saw this in theaters when released with a friend just to kill time and curious about the movie , we are both big fans of Alien , an absolute masterpiece . I remember there were a bunch of annoying brats in the cinema , I guess they were this movie target audience.As a movie this gets one star , the extra star is for showing for 10 seconds the Predator 's planet and for what the Amazon reviewer states
 I ca n't believe I wasted my time trying to ` watch ' this movie . What movie ? You ca n't see anything because it 's so poorly lit . The characters are poorly developed and you just do n't care . Which in a creature feature is n't so bad . You do n't really mind when the babies die , but mindless gore in this particular franchise is unheard of . Shock value is below the belt because that 's not what we 're expecting to see - we know it happens , but killing off the pregnant mother -LRB- through impregnation ? -RRB- , the father and son duo and the innocent babes on screen degrades the alien-on-alien and alien-vs-human gore to the childish nightmares for sale in films like Hostel . Give us a good ` boo ' or a spine chill like the original Alien/Aliens series or give us a great combat like in Predator.The first AVP had everything that would be expected to complete the merger of these two great franchises ... but AVP2 , well ... guess you 'll just have to read the comix . At least they have something you can see .
 I am a HUGE fan of the Alien series and even liked AVP . I think they couldve continued the AVP series with that movie.But this movie was just chaos.I could barely make sense of the battle scenes . I couldnt tell who was who?And that labor scene was just too much.There are certain lines you just done cross and that crossed it.It is a slap in the face to any woman who has gone through labor waiting to hold thier precious baby.It was unbearable for me to watch.I really wanted to like this movie and if it werent for that scene I mightve purchased it but unless I can delete that scene from the movie I wont be buying it.PITY .
 CHARACTERS ARE SO THIN AND USELESS THAT THEY DO N'T HAVE NAMES BUT NUMBERS INSTEAD!THEY ALSO DIE IN REVERSE ORDER ON THE SCREEN . THE BIG PROBLEM WITH THIS MOVIE IS THAT IT 'S SET IN AGE WHERE T.V. AND THE INTERNET BROADCAST EVERYTHING SO HOW IS IT THAT AS PER `` ALIENS '' WE 'VE NEVER ENCOUNTERED A SPECIES AS YOU ARE DESCRIBING RIPLEY !!! THEY MADE THIS FOR SHOCK VALUE MORE THAN ANYTHING BECAUSE IT IS STUPID ! I GAVE IT A 2 FOR ACTION AND EFFECTS .
 All I really have to say is , wow , what a waste of time!Don ' t get me wrong here , this could 've been much better if the LIGHTING WAS BETTER.Even just a little better ! . . its shot waaay too dark.THEN . . oh how convenient - a power outtage -LRB- in the movie -RRB- , so guess what ? . . MORE DARKNESS.If you could actually see whats going on , as far as the gore goes . . it might be half-way decent . . HALF WAY.Right when you think you 'll see something . . the scene cuts away . . way too quickly.Anyways . . even if your an Alien fan or Predator fan . . I have feeling THIS will disappoint you.Even the PredAlien could 've been done better . . was KINDA cool though . . just not THAT cool -LRB- for sure ! -RRB-
 I liked the first AVP movie , but it was ultimately lackluster . However , AVP
 I was really disappointed in the direction this sequel went . There was absolutely no scare factor that Aliens is known for . Nothing new that you did n't already know about Predators.If you remember from the last movie , at the end , an alien spawn burst out of a deceased Predator . Thus , an alien/Predator hybrid and made its way to Earth and attacking on humanity . Another Predator investigates and learns of a hybrid and takes off to hunt it down.That pretty much it . Humans are just in the way of the hybrid and the Predator is doing its best to track it down and kill it.Like I said , no scare factor . No build-up of suspense . The whole thing just felt rushed . Just plain disappointing .
 The first AVP was watchable , but this sequel is the worst movie I 've seen in many years . Not only is the story awful , but the action is so poorly directed , edited and photographed , the I often could not make sense of what was happening . But since the characterizations were so awful , I ultimately did n't care ! What a stinker . Do n't even waste your time on a rental . And why , oh why , do the studios put out junk like this on Blu-ray when so many DESERVING films are still waiting for a deluxe hi-def treatment ? What a terrible waste !
 I would like to tell you what this movie is about but I ca n't . The lighting in this movie was so bad that I could barely see what was going on . Maybe they should n't have hired that last actor and used to money to buy more lights .
 Oh , the stupidity of it all . I do n't know how I managed to see the end titles of this horrible `` thing '' . Really there is little need to waste a good person 's valuable time by even writing about this rubbish , but one must boggle at the bravery of filmmakers who would put this on the silverscreen.Stupidity ? You want examples then ? Here goes .1 . Why do we have a hybrid of alien and predator just because one facehugger infests a dead predator ? 2 . Are aliens evolving ? Because last time I checked it took some time for a baby alien to grow inside the host and come out . These buggers ca n't even give a poor child a few more hours before they blast out of his ribcage ! 3 . When did aliens start reproducing by mouth ? Oh , yeah this is the predalien right ? Then this is how predators reproduce ? Really ? REALLY ?! I am not even going to comment on the bad bad bad acting and the horrible horrible scenario.In short , this is an insult to a premise that has created a genre . If I were Ridley Scott or James Cameron I would sue these people.Don ' t waste time and money on this toiletpaper fodder .
 Because we enjoyed the first Alien vs. Predator , we were really anxious for the sequel . What an utter disappointment ! Much like Saw II was to Saw I ... it was a cheap , low budget , campy version of the first . Seemingly thrown together in a hurry with hopes of cashing in on the popularity of the first one . Complete with your gratuitous T & A , dumb frat kids -LRB- easy victims , I suppose -RRB- , and weak character development that did n't even seem necessary or connected to the basic storyline except as ` filler ' to occupy the majority of the time in between a the few monster scenes which were so dark they could barely be seen . No special effects , nothing imaginative or creative , and certainly not anything that could be considered suspenseful or scary .
 After six individual films -LRB- four ` Alien ' films and two ` Predator ' films -RRB- showcased two of Hollywood 's scariest monster movie icons , the Aliens and Predators , and then the initial pairing of the two species in 2003 's `` AVP
 In 2004 , Fox Studios took two hot properties and blended them into a single motion picture . Granted , it had already been done by Dark Horse comics , but this was the first time it made it to film . AVP
 The most intriguing thing about the movie is the title . I felt like I was watching a combo of Sin City and Species -LRB- Both great movies -RRB- with a few alien and predator character in it . Many of the camera shots and angles resembled the comic book aspects of Sin City , while the plot of the movie was basically watching an attractive blonde run around , as was done in the Species Series . The most unexpected turn of AVPR was when the blonde was killed . The movie as a whole will most likely end both the Alien and Predator movie series . There would have to be an amazing production to resurrect either of them after this film.The special features on this disc were average to a two disk special edition . The one feature that did bring this product as a whole up to a 2 star rating was the fact that disc two is an iTunes download of the Movie . If I enjoyed the movie , this would have been a great bonus feature ... but the fact that I do n't imagine watching AVPR any time soon voids the uniqueness of this.The plot is not intense or attention catching . I actually fell asleep during the movie the first time I saw it . To put this into perspective , the only other movie I have ever fell asleep to watching it for the first time was Johnny English.If you are a fan of either series , it might be worth your time to watch , just to see a different take at the characters . The hybrid concept seemed cool , but there are not any good visuals of the character in the movie . If you are a die-hard fan of the original movies , do n't watch AVPR . It will only frustrate you as to how little research was done to make sure that this story line matched up to the original Alien and Predator Movies .
 This movie is a waste of life that should never have been made . No character development at all so you do n't care at all what happens to the unfortunate humans in this sad excuse for a movie . The main antagonist is an alien that somehow became a `` hybrid '' when it impregnated a predator . Seriously ? Somehow when a predator gets face-hugged the alien can become a hybrid ? Okay ... whatever . Totally disregard any pretense of actually sticking with any part of the `` Alien '' back-story . Maybe if the viewers had never seen an Alien movie we could get past that ... The hybrid also somehow has the ability to bypass the whole `` egg laying '' process that normal aliens have and can implant multiple eggs into hosts by giving them a big sloppy kiss . Let 's try to ignore how far out and ridiculous that is , and how much is screws the whole `` Alien '' concept even more , but the directors of this lamentable use of film decided that this hybrid needed to prance through a maternity ward and give eggs to multiple pregnant women . It was heart-breaking . Overly gory . Revolting . The extreme gore is all this movie has going for it , which is why , I imagine , that this `` uncut '' version is the most popular one.If you get your jollies off senseless gore , then by all means , you may appreciate this pathetic excuse for entertainment . If you have a mind and the ability to use it , or if you 've seen any other predator or alien movie and expect equally well thought-out mythos , you wo n't find what you 're looking for here.The first AvP was amazing . Excellent character development . Mild gore - and what was there was purposeful . Plot twists -LRB- including the alliance between the human and the predator - loved it -RRB- , and a well-written script based loosely on the AvP books -LRB- which are also very good -RRB- .
 very poor story . lots of shooting nothing else b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b baad
 Well , after the horrendous , AvP
 They really should have saved themselves the effort of recording this and just done an audio book . While i understand that they would want to make this dark -LRB- in terms of lighting -RRB- , its just too dark that you ca n't see what is going on . They should supply you with some night vision goggles to see this movie.The movie had potential , but whoever directed it needs to get their eyes tested .
 The Bottom Line : The good news is that AVPR is mildly less ridiculous and annoying than the original -LRB- which seemed to think people in Antartica run around in t-shirts -RRB- but the bad news is that this is still a pointless and senseless exercise in gross violence that will make fans of the original franchises want to cry -- if you fancy yourself a fan of Alien or Predator -LRB- or good movies -RRB- do not see this one .
 The whole movie takes place in pitch darkness . I assume they do this so they wouldnt have to spend a lot of money on special effects . There are multiple parts where predator is messing around with his gear but you cant see anything , just the light reflecting off his armor.Becasue of this I have to say that this might very well be the worst movie I have ever seen , who the hell makes an entire movie is pure darkness .
 I saw this on 1-1-08 and I thought it would be cool to start off the year with an AVP movie . I was highly disappointed . Mostly the ending pissed me off with the Government killing all the suvivors in the town and the Aliens and Predators . I was cool that it started where the first one ended , but it 's just that ending that really gets me . I remember some goth kids in the theatre laughing when the girl said something like `` The Government does n't lie to people . '' Do n't watch this movie !!! THE GOVERNMENT RUINED IT !!!
 Short review of the extended combat edition . I do n't know where to start . Movie is boring all the way . There were not a single good actor . Acting was n't good . I hated that they put love of teenagers in this already stupid film . Even children did n't act well . People , show me some fear ! This is not what you call fear ! A teenager got tailed by a predalien near the heart . Let 's do math , and the result is he should 've been dead . EVEN if not dead , he did n't act like he had pain and that should 've been very painful . No , please no heroes . Oh no . slap on the face . We are dealing with aliens and predator . Nobody seems to be scared of that encounter . It 's all just action here and there with a very boring set of actors that make story be unbearably bad ! Do I have to repeat myself from the review of the first Avp movie that the host does not die right after waking up . It takes time . And no , it does not mean that 2 hosts have to die from aliens within their chests with only 2 or 3 seconds interval . Their deaths could 've been acted better . Predator seem to have a lot of blue liquid that vaporizes corpses . Plasma . . does it ever need a recharge ? National guards died within 5 minutes , when main heroes survived . Not 1 , not 2 , not 3 of them . Seriously ? Aliens are the deadliest species in the universe . . so was told in the previous movies ... One of the vision modes in the predator mask could have been improved to look a little less human.Acid actually burns through the floor and other surfaces . They forgot about it in the middle of the movie and right until the end . That 's when acid became green alien juice . Miss Yutani ... NO ! She seems like a cheap actor and if I see her in another avp movie , forget about me buying it . General was a sucky actor too . There are more things to say , but this movie does n't deserve me wasting time on it . It also does not deserve to be in Alien-Predator movie history.Good thing
 I absolutely adored the first movie . It was outstanding on many levels , especially the strong female lead . I had expected more of the same as far as energy , adrenaline and characters you find yourself invested in . To say I was disappointed is an understatement . It was formulaic and easily anticipated . Teenage `` B '' horror movie is a more apt description of a movie sequel that leaves you feeling hollow and awaiting the `` real '' sequel , that could n't possibly be this one .
 I know lots of people thought the first movie in this series -LRB- Alien vs. Predator -RRB- had a lot lacking , but I still ended up enjoying it . Sure , it could n't compare to the first Alien or Aliens by any means , but it held some merit nonetheless . But this film is a complete horror to a decent predecessor . The story line lacks direction and it appears that the director just chose to include as much horror as possible to shock value . So while it may have some moments , this is one movie you can avoid .
 ` AvP : Requiem ' represents the low watermark of modern cinema . Taking what were previously two great franchises and turning them completely on their head . This movie is nothing but a mindless romp through the darkness , making the viewer wish that he/she had the visual acuity of a cat.If you should decide to add this movie to your collection , be sure to file it next to your copies of ` Manos
 ARRRGH !!!!!!!!!! What in the world is going on ? Aliens crash burn in an isolated Colorado town -- this isolation is so serendipitous as the viewer later learns . A hunky Predator comes after them . What saves this movie by a hair is P 's dreads . He 's a mighty machismo other-worldly being ! Uh-uh-uuh ! A charmer to be sure what with all the special weapons he continues to pull from his body-armored suit!Pity the poor pitiful people who happenstance come face to face with the Aliens or the Predator . I was hoping Predator alone would try to make the acquaintance of at least one human as his ally . Did n't happen . He `` disappeared '' all who crossed his path.As for those skittery Aliens , what gives there ? Their birth cycle has racheted up several revolutions as Mom first `` impregnates '' a human , then Babies , make that plural , erupt -- ka-powie ! from their stomachs . Yoush ! Sickening before with John Hurt , still sickening with little boys and women ! They still do all that drippy stuff EVERYWHERE!The sheriff tries , heaven knows he tries , but he is just one mewling human against the ferocity of Aliens and a Predator . Then there are those teenagers who are so tough until they actually face the real bullies ! Bye bye bravado , hello yellow!How all this ends is a shocker , but the only way . Maybe there will never ever EVER be another battle between Aliens and one Predator on this planet . If there is , maybe they will film with a little more light . It was too dark to tell who was losing or winning ! Frankly , I favored the dude with the dreads . Go pity-pat , my heart!In resume a terrible movie as someone have reviewed before the only part that make me feel freat was the credits because i knew that this terrible movie was going to be over , do not rent , do not buy it , if you see this film in any store run for your life .
 Okay , first of all this movie is rated R , it 's a horror movie , and it 's based on 7 previous films -LRB- 6 of them were full of blood , violence , and language -RRB- . This means
 When a Predator spacecraft carrying Alien prisoners and face-huggers - as well as some crossbred experiments - has an accident and crash lands on Earth , humanity has no chance for survival . Each wandering human on camera is certainly doomed . Humanity 's only hope is a master hunter from planet Predator , a creature with unequaled hunting prowess and futuristic weapons.The situation in town quickly becomes chaotic , with Aliens spitting out chest-bursters left and right . A few stereotypical , assembly line characters not worth mentioning by name band together to feebly protect themselves from a town being taken over so quickly and completely that within 12-hours there is an Alien on the city council . Meanwhile , master Predator follows human viscera , blood spatter , and a slug trail of Alien ejaculate throughout town in his version of CSI.Dumb father of dumb kid
 So this is a pretty bad movie . Long time fan of the Aliens movies . Even liked the first AVP . However , this Requiem movie was not even worth seeing . I would steer clear of this . Hopefully they will make another AVP worth watching .
 Here we are with the second installment in the Alien vs Predator series and already there is the definite smell of something rank in the air , and it is not a dead alien.It is unfortunately the beginning of the decay of this franchise and if something is not done to correct the situation it will be permanently terminated ; and I for one will be glad of it , for its ' sake and ours.That is something I thought I would never find myself saying about this series because the first one while not that good either , had much more going for it plot and acting wise , even though I rated that only three stars.As with that movie , the special effects/aliens in Requiem are the whole movie ; the best things / `` actors '' in it.The story starts off with the crash of the ship from the first AVP movie into a forest near a town in Colorado.A man and his young boy are in the woods and find the crashed ship.Both are lept upon by facehuggers.We are then introduced to a guy just out of prison who arrives in town by bus and is greeted by the sheriff who he obviously is friends with.We are then introduced to a young man -LRB- who is the brother of the ex con -RRB- who of course is disenfranchised with his job and ends up with a delivery to the house of a girl he knows.He makes with his delivery , and with the eyes , but as he departs he is set upon by her boyfriend and two others.We next meet a female soldier on leave -LRB- ? -RRB- from active duty who is returning home to her husband and their young daughter who she has n't seen in some time and the daughter is not in a particularly huggy-smoochy mood.This is the first 20 minutes of the film ! Do the words `` information overload '' come to mind ? Also `` plot contrivances '' ? This is pretty run of the mill , hokey material the writer is dishing up here which is the worst way to begin a movie.You try and grab your audience from the start not alienate them -LRB- sorry for the pun -RRB- . The film moves on with civilian search parties out in force to look for the man and boy who went missing.Of course the upset mother is there and the stero-typical guns-are-us friend who informs the sheriff when he suggests they go home : `` We look after our own '' . As the film winds its ' way along the townspeople of course are totally ignorant of the larger picture being played out by the aliens until they 're practically shaking tails with them , and of course by then death reigns supreme.But there is a predator here too folks who has come from the homeworld to save the day and throughout he stalks , fights and shoots his way through hoards of these creatures , never giving an inch.Some nice scenes there.Finally the National Guard is called in but they 're no match for the aliens swarming the town and are dispatched by the blood thristy creatures in a timely manner.At this point the picture is concerned with the survival of a now tiny band of survivors which includes the sheriff , the ex con and his brother and the servicewoman and her daughter.When the troupe come upon the dead Guardsmen , who should coincidentally be there , and trained , in how to drive the armoured peronnel carrier ? The servicewoman of course.And later when the group reaches the top of the hospital in order to use the helicopter to escape in , who is there again that just so happens is rated in flying it , and does ? The servicewoman.What a coincidence!In the end the whole town is nuked and the escaping helicopter crashes far from town in the woods.Soon after we get a back reference to the original Predator movie as the ` copter survivors are surrounded by a special force unit dressed similarly to Schwarzeneggers ' band of men.They confiscate a predator weapon one of the surviving group is carrying.As the movie closes the weapon has been delivered into the hands of Ms.Yutani , as in the Weyland-Yutani Corporation.We have met Mr.Weland -LRB- or his likeness -RRB- before in the original Alien movies and in the last AVP , but this is the first time we have met the other half of the corporate name.It 's too bad such an interesting ending should be couched by such an uninteresting and unappealing movie.The Aliens here , as I said before , ARE this movie.And there are some interesting things we come to see and learn about both species.For example this is the first time we see the Predators ' homeworld and a device which instead of being a nuking/exploding one -LRB- in order to destroy evidence -RRB- rather implodes it.With the Aliens we see a new predator/alien hybrid which this time seems to be androgynous and is queen-like in its ' nature , as it controls the actions of all the aliens.It stands a bit taller than either the predator or alien but can inject through mouth to mouth contact alien eggs into its ' victims.When they burst through there are three or four of them at once.The actors in this movie are , what can I say , lesser known -LRB- can you say `` cheaper budget '' ? -RRB- . However even though lesser actors have made better -LRB- even great -RRB- movies , such is FAR from the case here.I feel especially sorry for the gentleman who played the sheriff.This should have been a great part and played with much elan and strength , yet a more wussy lawman I 've never seen ; he 's weak and indecisive , the kind that can get you killed and he does.It is not all the actors ' fault though.There is also the lethal combo of a bad script and even more bad direction ; which is what really what hangs over this entire pictures ' shoulders like a heavy yoke.In conclusion , unless you are a compleatist -LRB- like me -RRB- you should avoid this newest AVP movie like a field of alien egg sacks.The only reason I did n't give the movie a one star is because of the special effects/aliens in the picture.They are generally first rate and there are at least some tantalizing crumbs of knowledge advancement concerning them here.But this is a car with no engine ; it looks good on the surface but there 's nothing under the hood.If 20th Century Fox has ANY desire to see this franchise continue at all it has to get better writing , someone with a good sense of direction and more especially people with a more thorough understanding of the franchises ' roots both Predator and Alien.For if this movie is any indication of the direction it is going to continue to go in , they might as well dig the grave , throw it in , cover it over and put the tombstone up right now .
 Very bad script . In the previous AVP , there were several Predators on the ship . The ship should not crash back to the earth . If it 's another ship , after the crash , only aliens can survive ?! Why only one predator came to do the clean up job ?! The whole movie is shown in dark background and make it not enjoyable.Don ' t buy this movie , just rent it .
 1st one was very good and hoped they take the main star along in this one , But no just a bunch of stupid blood shots . Really wanted to rate it -1 but can not . This is not even a D movie.Rent one of the old ones so you do n't lose a hour and half of your life .
 I am a huge huge fan of both Aliens and Predators movies . AVP was great , but REQUIEM is really really unbearable , I just fast-forwarded to the end of the movie . Really a huge insult to any Aliens and Predators fans out-there . I give one Star for the beautiful Blue-Ray formats
 First off , let me say that I am a huge fan of the oiginal Predator and Aliens series.When I hread they were doing an aliens vs. predator movie I was hoping for somwthing in the vein of the Dark Horse comics I read when I was in college . I was somewhat disapointed with what was delivered.With the second combo installment I was disgusted !! This movie should never have seen the light of day in my opinion . This movie was filled with forgetable characters and a flimsy plot . At no one point did I ever really care about what happened to teh chracters . And then in order to throw a twist in to the plot , the government gets this token appearance to sugest a conspiracy or cover up.The actging was bad and the plot was worse . Since when do aliens take on tghe characteristics of thier host ? neverf happened in teh original alien series . Some may say , well it happened in Alien Resurestion . Yes , but those were genetically altered , not naturally grown . And what happened to the alien 's blood being incredibly acidic ? They made mentionof it early on when the hunter 's arm melterd off but never after that . Never mind that there was plenty of it being thrown around throughout the movie and nothing ever metled.In the end they try to tie it together with one of the founders of `` the company '' from the alien movies getting a hold of the predator gun . Hopefully that means the end of this awful attepmt at brining two great sci-f/horror series together , but I doubt it.Skip this one .
 I 'm a HUGE fan of all the Alien films and I enjoyed Alien VS. Predator , but this film was atrocious . The acting was supremely bad and the scene where the aliens burst out of the pregnant woman was absolutely sickening . It turned me off to the point of wanting to vomit . I can handle some blood and gore , but that was just plain wrong . I agree with other reviewers that the entire film was WAY too dark and you could barely see a thing . I guess that was done purposely to disguise this pathetic excuse of a movie . I wo n't ever watch it again .
 I am not exactly sure what was meant by the title . Was it a requiem for the town that was destroyed in the movie ? Or , was it a requiem for the movie franchises that Brothers Strause just finished destroying with this movie ? I am inclined to believe the latter . Like any funeral , people reminisce about the moments that they had with recently deceased . That 's what the movie AVP : R feels like . It is an homage to all the Alien and Predator movies that have gone before . Literally , every scene is a ripoff of a previous movie , only lit much more poorly . Like 70 's car chase movies , the plot and characters only serve to move the story to the next effects scene . That 's an overstatement really , because the character and plot development are so minimal in this clunker that nothing is particularly scary , only grotesque and disjointed.The only difference between the unrated edition and the theater version is that the unrated edition has a little more plot and a lot more gore with a couple of commentary tracks in which five hacks try to tell us what they know about filmmaking .
 I liked the idea of the first one and it was OK , but this one was just a waste of money . I guess that budgets in Hollywood have gotten so bad that they can pay for lighting . I could not see anything that would make this film even the least bit worth owning . I am sorry that I even rented it .
 I went to see AVP Requiem in the theatre when it first came out as my son and I are huge Predator fans . Other than the first scene on the ship , this movie is predominately about the humans -- big disappointment . The script , dialog and lighting were horrible . In most of the scenes , you can not even see either the aliens or the predator . The movie did not follow the AVP lore which also caused great consternation . I purchased the movie simply because I am such a huge fan of the Predator series and watched it with my daughter and her boyfriend to show how very bad it was . Although , there is the scene when the blonde gets pinned to the wall that was certainly entertaining -- all in all it is just terribly predictable . This AVP is along the lines of the later Star Wars flicks . Blech . Until they bring back the magic of the first AVP , I 'll stick with reading the Alien v Predator and Predator series books .
 Rubbish , is how I would review this dvd.Its all in the dark , I could n't see who was who or what was what.Too much night time stuff and too much rain.The first Predator had all the rain but we could see everything so clearly.Here the directors talk about how great they are , well the just are n't . It would have been better if we could see what was going on . Or would we ?? No good , very disappointing.I 'm sure when I saw it at the movies it was n't this dark , maybe it was .
 This movie was Horrible !! The first one was much better and had a better story line . This time around it was so stupid that I could hardly believe my eyes . The fact that children were being killed was just a terrifying thought and the characters were totally predictable . I would n't waste my time seeing this .
 Some spoilers below.Wow . If I could give no stars ... well , it was n't as bad as some other movies , but I 'm glad I bought it and watched it at home on DVD instead of going to the movies to see it . If I 'd seen it in the movies I would n't have been able to help myself
 Trust the legion squinting amazon reviewers ... My God this movie is dark . Light level dark that is . It 's like trying to watch a movie through a welding shield . The special effects were wasted because ... YOU CA N'T SEE THEM ! Daylight scenes in the movie are hard to make out but the indoor and night scenes were just too blasted dark to make out . I WANT MY MONEY BACK ! The movie was also stupidly edited . Hard to see a plot . Heck , hard to see ANYTHING . Just do n't waste your time or money . Let it pass .
 Oh , my , how I hated this movie . I love me some scifi horror , particularly the Alien series . The first Alien VS Predator wasnt bad-it at least felt like a movie meant to be released at a theater . But this mess felt like a second-rate SciFi channel movie of the week . All of the scenes were so dark that I could barely make anything out on screen . The teenage/town folk storylines were cliche and pointless-you dont give a rip about anybody in this movie , unlike the others where you care that Ripley lives . The Alien was barely used , and the Predator was also rarely seen . Bad all around .
 CHARACTERS ARE SO THIN AND USELESS THAT THEY DO N'T HAVE NAMES BUT NUMBERS INSTEAD!THEY ALSO DIE IN REVERSE ORDER ON THE SCREEN . THE BIG PROBLEM WITH THIS MOVIE IS THAT IT 'S SET IN AGE WHERE T.V. AND THE INTERNET BROADCAST EVERYTHING SO HOW IS IT THAT AS PER `` ALIENS '' WE 'VE NEVER ENCOUNTERED A SPECIES AS YOU ARE DESCRIBING RIPLEY !!! THEY MADE THIS FOR SHOCK VALUE MORE THAN ANYTHING BECAUSE IT IS STUPID ! I GAVE IT A 2 FOR ACTION AND EFFECTS .
 All I really have to say is , wow , what a waste of time!Don ' t get me wrong here , this could 've been much better if the LIGHTING WAS BETTER.Even just a little better ! . . its shot waaay too dark.THEN . . oh how convenient - a power outtage -LRB- in the movie -RRB- , so guess what ? . . MORE DARKNESS.If you could actually see whats going on , as far as the gore goes . . it might be half-way decent . . HALF WAY.Right when you think you 'll see something . . the scene cuts away . . way too quickly.Anyways . . even if your an Alien fan or Predator fan . . I have feeling THIS will disappoint you.Even the PredAlien could 've been done better . . was KINDA cool though . . just not THAT cool -LRB- for sure ! -RRB-
 Even if this was the most significant movie of all time , you could n't see it . This movie was far too dark to discern any of the action scenes . Dreadful release . Do n't even rent it .
 This movie is absolutely terrible . 80 % of the movie is so dark you ca n't even see what is going on . There is no plot and the acting is terrible . It is one of the worst movies I have ever seen and I like sci-fi . This movie is beyond B movie material . Apparently they were trying to save money on the special effects by making it so dark you can not even see what is going on . It looks like a total amature was running the camera . It was all over the place . HORRIBLE MOVIE .
 Am a fan of the Alien and Predator movies , but this one is a waste of time , I read it got bad reviews , but I tried to keep an open mind , needless to say the reviews were accurate.Don ' t waste your money on this JUNK !
 How in the world was this movie able to be released from Fox Sudios ? Why was there not anything mentioned by the almighty studio execs for the quality control of this movie ? All of the action scenes are too dark . The majority of AVP appeared black & orange/red which made it hard to see what was going on . The lack of lighting ruined the movie .
 I do n't know if the story was any good or not , I simply could n't see it . Most of the movie was so dark that it was not watchable . When I buy a DVD I expect to be able to see something on the screen , good or bad , but in this case the transfer was dark to the point of being black . Save your money .
 This movie was awful . I was bored the entire time . The plot sucked . The actors were horrid and half the lines were forced . And I honestly think both the creaters of the origional AVP and this one pretty much ignored Alien and Pedator lore . Might as well as made up 2 new alien species to have this movie . Do n't even get me started on the first one.The Hybrid was silly , and that entire thing where it just spit little embryos into people was stupid . Not to mention the negligible gestation time . They could have atleast made it semi-realistic ... . ooo 5 minutes and you have hundreds of full grown aliens ooooo.Hmmmm 1 hybrid alien took out what was supposed to be a ship full of uber predators ... wtf . I am so sorry for you mr. predators , they made you lame.This movie was a complete waste of my time . I 'm so glad I did n't have to pay to see it . Oh look , it 's wasting my time again by being so bad i 'm compelled to write a review .
 My title says it all . IMO this is by far the worst Alien / Predator movie . As an Alien movie fan after watching this I decided to dump my alien predator movies on ebay and forget they ever existed .
 I had to see this film as a fan and owner of all the Alien movies and Predator movies . And I can occasionally watch my AVP dvd . However , this movies has to be the worst monster movie sequel I 've ever seen in the theatre . The plot is great but when you get into the details and the flow of the movie you realize that this movie was better left unmade.Now that the AVP franchise has been destroyed -LRB- the first i 'd give 3 stars to -RRB- My hope is that they 'll salvage the Predator franchise however i 'm not so sure i 'll go to the theatre to see it at this point.Watch this one while you 're cleaning the house .
 I 've seen all of the Alien movies , as well as the Predator flicks . They were good products , like a Bentley or a Corvette . This junkpile is like a broken down rusted Yugo . The plot is disjointed , the lighting is terrible -LRB- another review said it looked like it was filmed through an oil filter -RRB- and it does n't resemble anything you would expect from watching the previous movies . The effects are decent -LRB- when you can make out what you 're trying to see -RRB- but in all , it 's just a stupid teen slasher flick with a sci-fi undertone . If you want to see it , fine , but take my advice and rent it . The best use I found for my copy is to use the disc as a coaster .
 Be afraid , be very afraid . This is without doubt one of the worse movies ever made , and I even liked Waterworld and Doom . Please do not do as I did , and waste your hard-earned money , on this .001 stars movie .
 I 've read a couple of reviews for this movie here and there , and I have to say they all seem quite positive , which I find amazing , since I watched this movie and thought - garbage!I wo n't bother summarising the film , it 's hardly worth the effort and everyone else here has done that for me.Where was I ? On , yes ... garbage ! To start with , the Aliens seem to have an accelerated incubation time , meaning we go from the face-hugger to the chest-burster in about 10 minutes . Whoever wrote this drivel obviously did n't do their homework.Second , the plot was non-existent and the characters shallow stereotypes with no redeeming features whatsoever . I was quite happy with who got killed and who survived . The only twist was a nod to feminism with the `` soldier coming home from war '' being the mother , not the father . Bravo ! Flimmaking has moved out of the 19th century ... two centuries too late , but never mind.Then , of course , there 's the absolutely despicable scenes with the aliens in the hospital . The whole Predator/Alien hybrid thing must have changed their genetic codes , as I 'm sure Aliens need eggs , then face-huggers , to reproduce , and that they could only do one egg for one human - now we have multiple births.The Predator was the only redeeming thing about this movie . He was almost a hero in the first movie -LRB- which I kind of liked -RRB- , but in this movie he kills Aliens and humans alike and does it in the same brutal , efficient and methodical way he did in the two Predator movies - those weapons are truly magnificent . He 's a killing machine and you can see he likes being that way.So , if given a choice between the two , I 'll take AVP1 - better plot , better characters , better acting , more thriller than all-out gore fest -LRB- which I personally find scarier -RRB- and definitely better lit . It might have been just me , but I had a hell of a time even making out what was going on , the film was so dimly lit in places . Yes , night-time is dark , but not that bloody dark.Honestly , though , I 'd sooner give both films a miss and sit down comfortably with my ` Alien ' Quadrilogy or the two Predator movies . Much better use of my time.My recommendation
 This is perhaps the worse Alein movie I 've ever seen and perhaps it 's not fair that I write this review because I was never a Predator fan at all . The trend in contemporary horror films to show all the blood and guts does n't frighten me , just nausiates me . I think there is a difference between suspense and nausea , and film makers need to learn the difference again . The movie has a cruel tone , which starts at the beginning when a father and sun have aleins burst out of their chest in a rather unsympathetic way . The cruelty doesn ' stop and culmintates with a grotesque scene in a materiny ward . The wooden actors of the small town are so annoying I was rooting for the aleins to eat them . The Predator anit-hero has no redeeming qualities as it exhibits no compassion and is just fixated on destroying everything in it 's path.If you like the early Alein movies spare yourself this film , if you like blood and gore knock yourself out ...
 I should have known better , but AVP1 was mildly entertaining enough to spark a modicum of interest in AVP Requiem . Big mistake . The `` plot '' is disjointed and plainly terrible , the acting is mediocre at best , and the action-battle scenes are poorly lit , contrived and generally awful . The plot in particular is so bad that I had to suspect that the film 's `` writer '' , director and producer were either junior-high boys or on acid ... or both . In addition , the film almost completely departs from anything else we 've seen about the `` Alien '' species . Forget the queen alien egg-laying mother , forget the Alien gestation period , forget the Sigourney Weaver escape terror awesomeness , and replace it with direct-deposit egg laying into pregnant women , almost instantaneous gestation and frequent `` birthing '' of Alien triplets , stupid dialogue and a schizophrenic plot . The worst of the worst was that children , infants and very pregnant women were specifically highlighted as Alien food and hosts for the Alien offspring . This was beyond distasteful , inappropriate and offensive . In fact , if this kind of trash is any indication of what counts as `` entertainment '' in our culture , then we are doomed indeed -LRB- alien infestations and nuclear missiles optional -RRB- . It 's impossible to say anything good about this garbage . I am even embarrassed to have written a review for the mere fact that it indicates I have wasted time viewing the film . Honestly , the DVD is best suited for serving as a coaster rather than `` entertainment . '' I wish I had not been exposed to this excrement . If the franchise was smart , they would have called it quits after the first two Aliens films . No wonder all the original writers , directors and actors left this one alone
 Too little of them and too much of us.We needed a battle royal between Alien and Predator instead of the brief glimpses we were afforded.A more sinister sub plot with government interventions in Alien tecnology would have been good.A more detailed developement of the Predalien would have formed a more detailed storyline.I am not a screen writer but considering the hype i do n`t think they got it right .
 What a sad requiem too . It 's so hard to empathise with characters in whose best light look like they 've been photographed in an eclipse . You do n't know who 's who , even with the `` foreign bodies . '' It 's too dark and incomprehensible . I lost interest probably before the halfway mark . Sad but true . The end really was not worth staying awake for . This franchise has overstayed its welcome .
 It 's a salutary lesson in movie making - how it is possible to take all the best bits you liked from all the previous movies , and by linking them together with the wrong glue you end up with this ... a series of moments that you admit fit well into the canon , and yet leave you with a growing feeling of unfulfillment , which climaxes in little more than indifference . . The story follows on directly from the first AVP , with a predator / alien hybrid being born - the ship crash lands in an isolated town , freeing its cargo of alien facehuggers into the human community . The resulting distress call from the Predator 's craft brings a Predator to clean up the mess , and the scene is set for death and destruction all round . It 's not a bad set up , with the situation rife with opportunities for suspense and horror - all of them wasted thanks to insipid casting and a script that a standard teen-slasher movie sequel would be happy to have . What happened to the subtlety of characterization of Alien and Aliens , and even Alien 3 ? We have the young girl in need of rescue by mother like figure -LRB- remember Aliens ? -RRB- , the scene when the escaping humans flee in an army vehicle -LRB- remember Aliens ? -RRB- , humans woefully unequipped against their foe but fighting back nonetheless -LRB- remember Alien 3 ? -RRB- ... in fact , all through the movie you will look at the scenes and say ` Oh yeah , I remember how well that was done in the original . . ' , and while the effort at referencing is appreciated for fans , the effect is to make sure you are never invested in this movie , merely reminiscing on the previous ones.There are a precious few moments of originality which speak to what the movie might have been - the titular stand off is pretty well done , though by its nature it is devoid of human drama , and the best scene is seeing the shadow of an alien as it enters a gaggle of baby 's in a maternity ward . Also , the score is effective , bringing back a mixture of both music and sound effects from previous movies . The gore element is back , avoiding the shallow feeling we got from the first AVP . Shockingly however , whatever meager entertainment value the movie has are reduced substantially by the very dark low contrast lighting , which renders most action scenes fairly incomprehensible . Even the daytime shots setting the scene , appear dark.Above all , the film is mercifully fairly brief at only 96 minutes ... I 'd love to review the extras here - all I can say is they are wonderfully plentiful and appear exhaustive from the lost - but truth be told I was too exhausted from the movie to touch them .
 I should have learned my lesson the first time around . After the dismal first pairing of these two modern-day Horror/Sci-Fi icons failed to deliver , I should have realized that an unexpected sequel would do any better . However , this second time around does do better than it 's first , but not enough to stop wishing for either an Alien 5 or Predator 3 . Like a page from Casting 101 , you have the typical parade of careless characters : The bad boy with brother , the sympathic cop , the solider coming home , and various family members searching for the rest of their clan . There 's no time , or need , to care about them , but you figure you 'd care about what 's going to get them , being the A 's and the P 's . But honestly after a total of seven movies showing what these monsters do , you ca n't really be surprised like the first couple of times . Now granted , the Unrated version , of which I 'm reviewing here , has a ton of graphic scenes , just how many times can a chest-burster or acid blood be impressive ? And for a gore-hound like me to be actually bored with this should tell you something . And if that was n't the worst of it , the Alien/Predator attacks happen mostly at night , and it looks like in the complete dark as well . 80 % of all the scenes are so dark , it 's hard to tell what you 're looking at . And finally , it 's ending is supposed to be some sort of prequel to either the original Alien or Predator films -LRB- according to the directors ' commentary -RRB- , but honestly I could n't place how that could be.In my opinion , only to be viewed by die-hard fans of either franchise , or the seven people who found the first film entertaining . Oh , I almost forgot
 I wonder what they were thinking . The film is way too dark . One has to strain their eyes to make out what is happening . True the Alien films used low lighting but this was overdone for this film . The actors in this movie make the last film AvP look like a masterpiece . Lance Henricksen was in the original Alien franchise and returned as a different character in AvP . To sum up the obvious :1 -RRB- Use higher lighting .2 -RRB- Do n't use teen actors .
 I thought that the first AVP was an excellent movies . Great acting , great story line and great special effects . It is my opinion that AVP Requiem is a lame attempt to capitalize on the successes of the past . The movies is really dark , special effects suck at best , the acting was `` B '' movie grade besides the story line was written by an idiot . This movies is so bad that I do n't think I would ever rent another AVP movie . I have been a fan of all the Preditor movies and all of the Alien movies and this movie should have never been made .
 It looks like I 'm in a generous mood tonight , giving this movie two stars . All that action makes for a somewhat gripping viewing , even if much of it is bonehead dumb.Most of the movie takes place at night , or in the sewers , or at night in the sewers , so much so that you could almost skip the visuals and make a radio broadcast of it . The hugger-mugger fighting scenes between the aliens and the lone predator , especially in the sewer , are almost incoherent . You know that some kind of frantic thrashing is going on , but you ca n't tell what.The plot is this
 COME ON!WHAT WAS A PREMISE FOR A FANTASTIC MOVIE -- ALIENS , A PREDATOR , A PREALIEN -- I COULD N'T SEE MOST OF IT . PERHAPS IT WAS EASIER TO SEE IN A MOVIE THEATER , BUT I SPENT MOST OF THE MOVIE CUSSING AT THE DARK SCENES . I RAPIDLY GOT TIRED OF BLURRY RED AND GREEN LIGHTS AND NOTHING -- NOTHING !!! -- ELSE . I COULD N'T SEE THE PREALIEN , THE ALIEN BABIES , OR HARDLY ANY GORE.COME ON FOX , YOU CAN AFFORD TO USE A LITTLE MORE LIGHTING ! I LOOKED FORWARD GETTING THIS FOR MONTHS ON DVD SINCE I DID N'T SEE IT IN THE THEATRE , AND I FEEL LIKE I STILL DID N'T SEE . TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY ... FOX SHOULD BE SUED FOR ISSUING A DVD THAT WAS HARDLY WATCHABLE . >> > NOT < < < FOR THE CONTENT OF THE MOVIE WHICH SOUNDED FANTASTIC , BUT THE FACT THAT MOST OF IT WAS ALMOST BLACK SCENES AND NOTHING ELSE!NOTHING ELSE !
 I did n't care about the filler . I just wanted to see the Aliens vs. Predator . Then I heard it was Predator vs. Alien/Predator `` Hybrids '' . To be honest the lighting was so horrible I could n't tell who was winning or losing.The movie 's lighting was so horrible.The movie 's lighting was so horrible.The movie 's lighting was so horrible.That 's what made the movie horrible . There was no Alien vs. Predator it was a hybrid . Then the Aliens vs. The Humans . The ending made no sense whatsoever at all .
 I bought this movie in the hopes that it would be better than the preceeding one . If you are thinking the same thing , do n't waste your time or money . This movie was DARK ; and I mean that in the literal sense . The screen was so dark in the vast majority of the movie that you could not see what was going on . Now I realize that the characters were supposed to be moving around at night , in spooky forests , sewer tunnels , etc. but I when I watch a movie , I really like to see what is going on -- not have to guess what is happening ! In most of the scenes where an alien or predator appear , the BRIGHTEST spots on the screen are the dim shine of the alien skin or predator armor . You could see no details , and make out only the vaguest shapes and movements -- almost as if you were in the dark with the creatures , trying to figure out what was going on . Someone needed to tell the producers to turn the lights on . We all realize that the characters in the movie are moving around in near lightlessness -- but that does not mean that the audience has to as well ! When I buy a movie like this , I want to see the special effect and the creatures , not spend the movie trying to make out the action . the same mistakes that were made in the last film , -LRB- such as action sequences that moved and were over far too fast for the viewer to enjoy , the poor lighting that made the details of the creatures hard to make out , getting only fleeting glimpses of the temple , etc. -RRB- were repeated and made worse in this film . And the movie did not even have the interest of taking place in wild locations or have alien temples ; it takes place in a small american town . A town where everybody stands around going `` duh ! '' while all hell breaks loose . If you want to see this movie , I would suggest renting it , or buying it cheap second hand , it is not worth even the modest price amazon is asking for it .
 How did this get a theatrical release ??? Its like they thought ... ok , well the first one made a lot of money and was pretty good -LRB- I loved it , by the way -RRB- so we 'll get some random guys to make a sequel and people will see it because of what it is ... thats just insulting!And as everyone else has said , this movie is DARK ! I do n't even remember what I watched or almost anything I saw because I guess , technically ... I did n't see it ! Everything , all the effects , the actors , everything was wasted because of the unbelievably bad lighting job here . I 've never seen anything this terrible.There was no plot , no story , the characters were completely cliche and forgettable . There was just no one to care about in this movie . In the end , I wasted a rental on something that I 'm still confused by . Confused because I still do n't know exactly what I watched , why it was made to begin with , or how this was n't direct to DVD.Don ' t buy ! Do n't rent ! Avoid at all costs !
 What 's with the lighting in this film . Anytime there was an Alien or Predator in the scene , the lighting was nearly non existent . I could n't even tell if the special effects were any good , because I had trouble just trying to make out what was happening . The story takes place in modern times which pre-dates all of the alien movies , but comes after the Predator stories . The Predator/Alien hybrid is running amok along with several aliens and a revenge minded Predator . I think the story took many liberties with the mythology of these races . 1 . Aliens have interacted with other alien creatures before and they always just hatch as standard aliens unless genetically tampered with . 2 . Multiple aliens bursting from the chest/stomach . 3 . The hybrid also has queen egg laying powers , but forgoes the egg and face hugger stage . 4 . The time for an alien from incubation to birth to full growth seems to have been sped up to about 10 minutes for this film . What I liked about the film was the glimpse at the Predator home world and the ending -LRB- though I have seen it before in Return of the Living Dead -RRB- . What I did n't like was the frantic direction and the awful dialog in places . This one is a miss .
 I had to turn the movie off . I could not tell what was going on when the scenes were dark . I 'm sure the movie was good , I just could n't see what was going on . Perhaps the creaters of these movies need to watch them before actually producing them .
 So dark most of the movie is impossible to see . Just like Aliens vs. Predator , it compresses the breeding cycle of the Aliens which makes the timelines completely out of sync with the original Alien series . Cast of unknowns could have done well but the script and editing are so poor there 's no recovery . Special effects are not bad . I barely remembered any of this movie after it was over .
 I am a hardcore fan of franchise . -LRB- Limited action figures , the works -RRB- Both movies were a major disappointment but at least the first AVP you could actually get a good look at the Aliens . -LRB- especially the queen -RRB- It was more CGI but what 's the point in going to an Alien movie and not be able to see it in action . Both movies had plots that are n't even worth reviewing so I 'll just stick to the creature effects .
 The movie is so dark you cant see 99 % of it . I read this happens for the blu ray and it wasnt like this in theaters but I was hoping streaming it wouldnt be that bad and honestly it was worse than I could have imagined . I have a brand new Plasma that I bought on amazon -LRB- check my reviews -RRB- and blu ray player and I tried all of the color settings and I honestly couldnt see much going on in the movie . This is a total rip off . I hope Amazon takes action and takes this movie down . Im going to write customer service about this later . Please , dont waste your money renting the HD version of this movie or from what i hear its just as bad on the dvd version . Stay away . Total waste of money . It sounded good . My best friend told me it was amazing in theaters but here its just a waste of -LSB- ... -RSB- . DONT RENT THIS !
 Hollywood has a serious problem
 Dark , Loud , Incomprehensible , and Boring . Spits in the faces of the fans and anyone with an IQ above oh , wait , let 's just say anyone with an IQ .
 I ordered the wrong one it was not the fault of the person who sent it . It was my fault i hate this movie
 do not like the inordinate delays caused by the promo . Provider seems unaware that not all links are DSL or hyper linked and when on a public computer you can not wait days for a down load
 I gave this movie another chance after seeing it on cable television and I must say `` I wasted my time . '' The Predator Alien Franchise has to be embarassed by this Crap Show of a movie . The acting was mediocre , the special effects used and misused , the plot left me guessing WHY ? No connection to the first at all . I just hope that if there is an AVP3 that it is not done by the Brothers Strause PLEASE !!!!!
 I did n't like the first Alien vs. Predator movie , so I did n't really expect to like this one . This is one of those instances where I was right . I did not like this movie at all . The plot was n't as confusing as it was in the first one , so I suppose that 's a step up , however the characters were even worse except for maybe one . And once again , I felt no suspesne at all throughout the entire film . And , everything was really dark . And I do n't mean anything like the plot was dark , I mean it was literally dark . It was too dark to see what was going on . The action could have been a good point of the movie , but the extremely dark environment just held it back so much . So yeah , bad characters , no suspense , way too dark , and even though the plot was better than the previous movie 's plot this one was still kinda dull . Just not a good movie at all . - Trent Foreman , Author of Nightmare
 If you were to walk up to any random person on the street , hand them a video camera and let them make a movie , the odds are better than not that they would be able to make a better film than this.The script was boring , sparse , and uninspired.The acting was bad.The characters were uninteresting.The events did n't make sense given the first 5 movies.The special effects were bad , and they made the film incredibly dark and hard to see because they hoped we would n't notice.The score was sub-par . The shots were poorly set up.The movie was terribly cut and edited.Heck , I 'm pretty sure the gaffing was wanting!If you 're an Aliens or a Predator fan , save yourself some aggravation and just do n't watch this . The directors and writers of this `` movie '' are wholly without talent and do not deserve to be actually paid to make movies!For reference , I would give Alien and Aliens each 5 stars . Alien 3 and 4 would earn 3 stars . AVP1 would deserve 3.5 stars . If Amazon would let me , I 'd give this insult of a disc 0 stars.I hope it goes out of print .
 I compared the original `` Alien Vs. Predator '' with the later films in the Universal `` Golden Age '' horror cycle . Once long-standing franchises like Frankenstein , Dracula and the Wolf Man began to fade in their appeal at the box-office , producers decided to drum up business by combining those classic monsters in silly , entertaining B-grade brawlers like `` Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man , '' `` House of Dracula '' and `` House of Frankenstein . '' Those films were n't made with the same production attributes as their more esteemed predecessors , yet were quite endearing in their own right for the action and no-brain fun that they offered.While one can argue that the `` Alien '' and `` Predator '' franchises had not been exhausted to the degree that the Universal Monsters had -LRB- the two-film `` Predator '' series in particular -RRB- , Fox nevertheless decided to make their own modern-day `` monsterfest '' with the first `` Alien Vs. Predator . '' The 2004 film carried a more kid-friendly PG-13 rating and raked in big bucks , totaling $ 80 million domestically and even more overseas as it mixed the Dan O'Bannon-Ronald Shusett created `` Alien '' franchise with Jim and John Thomas ' lizard-like intergalactic hunter.It made sense that a sequel would follow , but the big surprise was how ALIENS VS. PREDATOR
 I have all the movies and I love both the franchises , but this movie is so dark I could not tell what was going on half of the time . Hope they come out with another version that is watchable , this one is n't .
 If aliens and one predator initiated a fight in a dark cave during an eclipse to an audience of the blind , you would have this film.Notwithstanding some moments of lost continuity , such as the ubiquitous phosphorescent liquid with which the ` predator ' is careful to dissolve evidence yet leaves a degloved victim hanging from a tree , I purchase each episode in the series.The studio owes the purchasers of this DVD , a replacement , and I would advise all to save money - the DVD is undeveloped film exposed to sunlight . My wife and I watched this in the theater during which the film was not so dark that one assumed it was audio-only . The DVD might as well be an audio disc ; we could discern nothing until the brightness was increased to ridiculous levels.I intend to contact the manufacturer and demand a refund .
 do n't waste your time for watch movie . it not good and too dark . do n't buy it and save your money before you will upset . that 's why i took rent dvd and watch once . too boring and too dark nahh !!!
 This movie is unwatchable . Nothing is too low for this film , including killing children and pregnant women . The only thing that could redeem the awful script and terrible acting would be the aliens and predators themselves , but they ca n't even get that right . The creatures look stupid and half the time you can barely see the action anyway because the picture is so dark . Just to give you an idea of where I am coming from , Aliens gets five stars , but I think one star would be too generous for this piece of crap movie .
 this movie is too dark and I wonder if these darkness was made on purpose.Why?afraid to show that the film really does not have much to offer?Did not they want to show the predator and the aliens explicitly?But why ? The fantastic atmosphere of the original saga had already been lost in the first AVP . It is just a frantic-paced C-movie trying to imitate a film from the fifties . There are slight references to the first Alien , like the name of one of the characteres , Dallas -LRB- played by Tom skerrit , in the first movie -RRB- , the military girl , obviously an allusion to lt.Ripley , the population of the small town is expendable like the crew of Nostromo ... but what for ? Not totally bad but it should end here . Please , no AVP-3 ...
 As a long time fan of both the Alien and Predator franchises , and the first Alien Vs Predator , this one was a let down . There was some effort to build the perspective of the Predator , and give some insight into their culture , but what little good was there was lost in the ill-considered effort to dumb-down the movie to the lowest common denominator . The flagrent effort to tap into the slasher movie genre ruined what could have been a real positive addition to the series.E.M . Van Court
 For any reviewer to say that this movie was good in any respect begs the question , `` What movie were you watching ?! '' Did you get paid to smooth over how utterly bland and boring this movie was ? Not to mention the fact that there was no story , laughable -LRB- in all the wrong ways -RRB- dialouge , it appeared to have been edited while blind-folded , the special effects were anything but , and etc , etc , etc. . I for one did not care at all about anyone in this whole film . Every single character could have been wiped from existence and the only thought I would have had was , `` I wonder what else is on TV ? '' Here is a hint for the directors and every one else who was involved in this travesty of a `` film '' ... PLOT AND CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT MATTER ! The film never once gives us a reason to care what happens in the movie except to beg that it be over soon . The only time I found myself involved on any level was when the aliens were eating all of the babies in the hospital and even then I only felt anger towards the film maker for making me watch that ! In all , this movie makes `` Plan Nine From Outer Space '' look like well thought out cinema gold . If there ever is ANOTHER sequel , here 's hoping it 's not a tired , self serving , happy meal covered in feces like this one was . Good grief !
 I was n't sure a movie could get darker than Doom was , but AVP Requiem managed it . And thats darker as in NO light , not mood . Not knowing exactly whats going on is not enhanced by not being able to see what is going on . I read a lot about the extensive blood and gore . I guess there is more but I do n't really know because YOU CA N'T SEE ANYTHING ! And when you are given some light the overall quality of the video is really not up to today 's standards.All this just adds to the frustration . This `` could '' have been an excellent film . There are several new ideas and new ways of looking at the monsters which could have made this movie interesing , but they never really develop the material.The human characters are not developed so you do n't care what happens to them . Most seem like total idiots , so if you like to root for the monsters you are much more comfortable . The acting is dreadful and undefined . It makes Alien 3 look like Shakespeare.As a fan of both the Alien and Predator series I have to say this film sets the new low for both . I hope if there is another in this series they will learn from their mistakes .
 I must have dozed off several times during this movie because I felt like I had totally missed quite a large part of the story . There are people who know people but we do n't know why or how they met . There are plot holes bigger than the aliens themselves . The characters are wooden and uninteresting . I am a big fan of both the `` Alien '' and `` Predator '' series of movies but I think maybe they should stop here . Even the original `` Alien vs Predator '' , as bad as it was , was much better than this sequel . I never had a clue as to what was actually going on , other than aliens and predators blasting each other and any human that got in their way . Plus , the DVD I had was so dark I could barely see the picture . Just a total insult to an interesting franchise .
 This Blu Ray is like watching silhouettes with sunglasses on . It is dark . It is DISTRACTINGLY DARK . Have creature effects become so bad that directors have to hide every thing to make it look real?Think what you may of the film , it counts for nothing when you watch it and can make only the contrast details out . Even the mid day out door scenes are like watching the film with sunglasses on.The Brothers Strauss claimed to have fixed the brightness issues everyone complained about during the cinema release of the film , but I think the version I saw in theatres was brighter than this blu ray , and it was too dark . Since all the colour grading was done at hy-drau-lx by the Brothers themselves this is an absolute travesty of a trasfer when it comes to making anything out besides outlines or addressing one of the main criticisms of the film -LRB- besides the writing ... -RRB- RECALIBRATE YOUR PROJECTOR YOU NOOBS!As far as transfers go , blacks - which are aplenty - are rock solid with no artifacting or noise . Sound wise this is reference material provided your blu ray player will support the DTS Master Lossless track which is crashing a lot of players at the moment.This movie was written by a monkey . I like the Brothers Strauss and I give them credit for their passion , but they f 'd this movie so bad that you ca n't even see it.When Fox double - or true to form - triple dips this movie and remasters the video on a Full Barco 2k projector with the contrast and brightness set at a human and not Strauss level this movie might be worth checking out .
 i tried to give this movie a chance since the first one was decent . not only is the plot horrible , a rip off of all horror movie cliches and the actors cant act their way out of a box but the CGI effects and lighting are HORRIBLE ! its DARK the entire filmu dont even get to see whats going on durin the whole movieit was seriously painful to finish this piece of . . exactlydont watch it
 AvP-R is another by the number sequels that has cool special effects ut easily could have been released direct to DVD instead of coming to the big screen . The film has no A-list stars to speak and script that is very weak . However the film does supply action and a good scare or two .
 Let me begin this review by explaining to those who may not know , that there are a series of very well written AVP books . The central figure is a woman named Machiko Noguchi , who works for Weyland-Yutani Corporation . The series starts off on a colony world , and long story short , much like the original AVP movie , Machiko is blooded as a Predator warrior . But where the first AVP movie made an uninspiring choice , in the AVP books , Machiko joins the predators on their hunts across the galaxy , which makes for a gripping story with her internal conflicts between her loyalty to the predators , her hatred of the aliens , and her heritage as a human . They 're really well done , and I highly recommend them :1 . Prey -LRB- Aliens Vs. Predator , Book 1 -RRB- 2 . Hunter 's Planet -LRB- Aliens Vs. Predator , Book 2 -RRB- 3 . War -LRB- Aliens Vs. Predator , Book 3 -RRB- So , given this context , I found the first AVP movie to be by far the most closely aligned with this vision of AVP , although disappointing that it stopped short of carrying through with the theme described in the novels . Not surprisingly , I found the second AVP movie -LRB- requiem -RRB- , to not only be an unfaithful extension of that theme and a complete deviation from previously understood Alien canon , but also an utter mess of a movie in general.I would rank the Alien movies as follows :1 . Aliens -LRB- ***** -RRB- 2 . Alien -LRB- ***** -RRB- 3 . AVP 1 -LRB- *** -RRB- 4 . Alien 3 -LRB- ** -RRB- 5 . Alien Resurrection -LRB- ** -RRB- 6 . AVP Requiem -LRB- * -RRB- To provide additional insight about my view of this movie , I own all previously released Alien movies , but have no intention of wasting my money on this one . Furthermore , after I 'd finished viewing this movie at the theatre , I was actually incensed as I told myself that I 'd just lost 101 minutes of my life that I could never get back.Do yourself a favor - spend some quality time with a friend or family member , go out to a nice restaurant , or read a good book -LRB- such as those I 've listed above -RRB- , but DO NOT waste some of your precious time on this Earth watching this stinker .
 NEVER RECIEVED IT !!!!!! dont waste your money ! you will never get what you order !!!! what a waste of time -LRB- and cash -RRB-
 because humans make movies like this , we would be prime for aliens to come use us for target practice . my goodness , i thought my eyes were lying to me.this movie is like smelling a nasty azz fart with your eyes.I quote my sterling review of battlefield earth as it directly is applicable to this piece of cr@p: `` if aliens ever attacked earth , we could show them this movie and they would leave . `` nuff said .
 Sorry , but this film is just way too dark , and not dark as in scary , but dark as in DARK . I bought the blu-ray thinking it could be an improvment , but no , same issue , just to damn dark.the original Predator film didnt even have this much night footage and it came off great , but this , they are just trying to hide so much its so unwatchable : -LRB-
 oh gosh , where to start ? fisrt of , the acters are TERRIBLE and say the silliest things eg . `` people are dying , we need guns '' and not only this , but the setting is silly , and completly diffrent to the first avp.the only thing that is the same would be the alien , and the predators -LRB- even then , there designs have been changed . i really do think that if they had a better cast and setting , and took a bit more time to think about things , it would have been at least a 4 star movie . 2 stars for the effects , but not as good as the first ... very dissapointing ...
 I actually liked the first Alien Vs Predator movie so I thought this one would be just as good boy was I terribly mistaken . The first thing that threw me off about this movie was when the predator comes to earth to take care of the aliens he is so careful to destroy any evidence of his involvement or he destroys any proof of the aliens or any parts of the ship that crashed on earth . Now after painstakingly doing that for twenty minutes in the movie the predator kills a deputy -LRB- Who is in the forest looking for a lost father and son -RRB- and than skins him hoists him in the tree -LRB- Like in the first Predator movie -RRB- and leaves him to be found by all the other deputies later on . Another plot hole in the movie was about a female marine who comes back home to her husband and daughter and near the end of the movie she is the only one who can fly the helicopterfor the other survivors . That part made no sense to me was we just assume that since she is a marine she obviously knows how to fly a helicopter straight of the bat never knowing what true skills or training she has as a marine . Another part is the plot line with the female marine and her daughter it just seemed that the directors and producers were falling back on the scenario of the movie Aliens when the character Ripley finds the young survivor Newt . The movie just seems to borrow so many similarities and story plots from the previous Alien and predator movies that this just seemed to be pointless there was no true originalthought in this movie at all and I mean none at all . The video and audio are great for this dvd though I give it that and the special affects werevery well done as well but for me that was all that the movie truly had to offer . So I say to sci-fi fans if you want a truly good movie pass this one over if you 're just looking for spectacular effects and gory death scenes this would be one to choose but do n't expect anything else ...
 Quite possibly , the worst movie EVER!As for the writin ' : I 'm gon na take Buffalo Bill 's hilarious Top Ten Reasons Why This Movie Sucks -LRB- below -RRB- and try to explain what the screenwriters was thinkin ' , point by point . I 'm a tryin ' to get inside the genetically recessive minds of these here writers , so I 'm a gon na answer these like Ernest P. Worrell might if he had watched this flick . Too bad Jim Varney is gone . He woulda made a great Ripley . ERNEST GOES TO LV427 .1 . Bad actors make bad choices because that 's what they 's good at . Know what I mean ? 2 . Predatoro did n't want Earth bein ' overrun by no PredAlien hybrids . I guess humans is better huntin ' and eatin ' accordin ' to The Predatoro Tourism Board 's Travel and Huntin ' Brochure . At least the one I read . I could n't tell you why they dissolved some bodies and left the other ones hangin ' because I was stickin ' white hot needles in my eyes , Vern .3 . National Guardsmen do n't know how to battle no outer space creatures . What they know is defendin ' against riotin ' and lootin ' in urban centers . Not suburban Alien infestations . I hope the gov ` ment is listenin ' to this point . And it WOULD have been innerestin ' . With like maybe Marines gettin ' it on with broadswords ` stead a guns .4 . If people was gettin ' burned , they would have been thinkin ' more about the writin ' . And them drunken fratboys that wrote this have never seen a Alien movie before . Or read them a book about Aliens .5 . No offense to the retarded , but Blondes really are more retarded than their borderline retarded boyfriends , that 's why they die . And that 's why they write jokes about 'em . Know what I mean , Vern ? Black dudes and Blondes always ` pposed to die in horror movies . It 's The Law .6 . Borderline retarded is still retarded . He shoulda died , but that woulda required some more thinkin ' . And someone stupid has to survive . Ai n't no bright people here .7 . When a Predatoro uses inviso-camo it ai n't fair . Predatoros is tired of all the trashtalkin ' about 'em in the other movies . And it 's that macho Predatoro thang I read about somewheres . I think they shoulda been wearin ' wrestlin ' speedos , Vern . They was already fightin ' in the mud .8 . PredAlien hybrid was the only Alien spittin ' Alien babies . I think . Made no sense to me neither . But , I can see why 's people would n't be gettin ' that , because you ca n't see NOTHIN ' !! Nothin ' a t ` all ! 9 . Hey man , I think Predatoro was wearin ' his special acid-proof Kevlar vest . But , I could n't tell , know what I mean ? Because I could n't see NOTHIN ' !! Maybe he did melt . He already looked like a puddle o ' chocolate ! 10 . And the gov ` ment nuked the town because gov ` ments just like to nuke stuff . Period . Know what I mean , Vern ? I did getta see this because it was the brightest scene considerin ' they shot this completely covered in chocolate syrup.I also heard those same guys is writin ' Semisweet Godzilla vs Chocolate Hostess Cupcake . Should be tasty . Know what I mean?Funny stuff , Buffalo Bill . Thanks , man . For gettin ' me thinkin ' again . I was startin ' a lose it watchin ' this stinker . It really is a retarded cavity causin ' universe unto itself.As for the visuals , Here 's the problem : A new breed of young filmmakers , like The Brothers Strause , are cutting their teeth on music videos , TV commercials , and digital cameras . Especially the ones directing Horror movies . Almost all Horror movies these days , as well as a growing number of mainstream movies , are being shot with digital cameras instead of film cameras . Digital requires less light and set-up to define subjects and create atmosphere . A cinematographer can shoot an entire movie with very little light , without light meters , or without lighting a single shot using only the ambient light of a location or set . This saves producers lots of time and money . Lighting real film is expensive and time consuming . Handheld Digital worked extremely well for Spielberg 's SAVING PRIVATE RYAN which was shot almost entirely in broad daylight . But , if you 're shooting dark horror sequences and the director does n't allow for enough ambient or artificial light onto a dark set , you get a dark undefined picture . The light source in every sequence of AVPR is minimal backlighting and minimal ambient light . Subjects in the foreground are almost completely shadowed , and as a result ; hidden in darkness . -LRB- We are n't shooting CITIZEN KANE or SEVEN SAMURAI here . -RRB- The Predator and Aliens are dark subjects to begin with , which makes it even worse when they are in frame . The viewer is literally in the dark in almost every action sequence . The viewer ca n't see a thing that 's taking place . The battles look like the Predator and the Aliens were dipped in dark chocolate and turned loose in a muddy underground river . Filmmaking is essentially painting with light , not painting with mudpies . Which is what we usually get when a filmmaker shoots a dark story with a digital camera without enough artificial or ambient lighting.The recent Horror flick , THE DESCENT , suffered from this very same problem . And , I assure you , you wo n't be able to see a thing in this Sci-Fi action movie either . The information is lost in darkness . Ca n't tell a story in almost total darkness . Or with bad writin ' . Personally , I 'm getting sick of this glut of digital films -LRB- not digital effects -RRB- . I hate the look of them . Frankly , everything looks the same . DIRTY and DARK . Digital is always the same color palette . Either it 's a sickly blue pallor , an antique sienna , or a ghastly green patina . It looks awful in most instances . I say , bring back real film cinematography ! I want to see real colors again ! Even in Horror films.Here 's a helpful hint for all you digital directors , like The Brothers Strause , that apparently , do n't know what you 're doing : Learn to light a digital shot . Let more light into the frame . Or shoot the darn thing with REAL FILM and spend some time with the craft of lighting a shot . This method of lazy filmmaking is just plain ugly and inexcusable.And people complain about Paul Anderson 's work . I do n't recall Ridley Scott , James Cameron , or Paul Anderson not being able to define an ALIEN in the dark.This might have been a decent flick , IF ONLY I COULD HAVE SEEN IT !! No , wait . I almost forgot about the horrible script . As it stands , the stunning lack of knowledge in the application of this technology and horrible writin ' just may have SUNK the AVP Franchise for good . Nice going guys!This is not a FILM ! Or even a MOVIE ! It 's illuminated MUD!I 'm ready for The Remake !
 This was really bad from the start , the story , acting , etc was really bad . I have long been a Predator fan , but this movie was a real let down . Please do not spend you money on this at all , it 's not even worth renting . You are warned.Philip .
 I 've given this movie three tries to win me over . I watched it all the way through the first time , and thought it was horrible . I figured it had to be better than I remembered , so I tried two more times . Could n't make it past 10 or 15 minutes in those times . It 's not even `` so bad it 's good . '' It 's just plain godawful .
 There is not a single new idea here . The special effects are very good , however . -LSB- DW -RSB-
 i saw this film at the theater and it was a normal movie with good light and shadow . warning for the bluray version of film , every second from beginning to end is nearly pitch black . do n't bother trying to adjust the color . this specific title transfer to disk is just bad !
 this is without a doubt the worst movie ever made . The lighting is to dark the special effects are horrible . This movie has defenitly killed the `` Alien '' and `` Predator '' franchises . This movie has no plot to speak of . Best part of this movie is the credits because you know the movie is finally over . Not worth buying . Not even worth borrowing from a friend .
 Note to makers of this film ... BUY A LIGHT BULB !!!!!! too disgusted to write a full review but as Phillip L. Roderick `` Poe Fanatic '' stated it so perfectly , I do n't need to say anything more . I will accept not being able to give it less than 1 star as there are Aliens & Predators in the film -LRB- when you can actually see them that is -RRB-
 * This does contain spoilers * Aliens Vs Predator
 I 'm starting to think Hollywood directors are n't capable of originality anymore , or common sense . We need to work on developing characters , penning decent scripts , and stop hiding our non-creativity and laziness with tons of blood and action ... but do n't get me wrong , we love the action , we just want a story to go with it.The cute Laguna Beach kids , the bullies , the stupid blonde girl who ca n't keep her pants on . I have never in my life seen those characters 150 million times before in a movie , thank you for that . The only thing that saved this movie from being a total joke was of course , the fight scenes and the Predalien , which I thought looked really cool . At least that 's one thing they usually get right , the costumes and effects . But I was bored to tears until a little bit before the Hospital scene and on which woke me up a bit.I really hate to be negative , I just want MORE . And it gets so old seeing great characters being rehashed into mediocre movies over and over again .
 If you thought that the Alien and Predator franchises could not get any worse , let me introduce you to AVP
 The people at Fox never learn
 Let me start by saying , I bought this movie , without having watched it first . I know , a big no-no in the first place , right ? But , being a HUGE fan of the Alien Saga , loving the first Predator movie , and really digging the first AVP -LRB- I thought they did a great job of tying the two stories together -RRB- , made the mistake of believing this would be a great addition to my DVD collection . Unfortunately , I was terribly wrong . I did n't even make it through all of this one . I thought it was absolutely ridiculous how the victims began having Alien/Predator hybrid Litters ! WTF !? I spent the duration of what I did watch wondering if the writers of this one ever actually watched any of the other films .
 The biggest problem with this movie was that it did n't seem to take the previous films from both franchises very seriously at all , nor show the art of it any respect.I can understand how a person , during the filmmaking process , can think that the canon of the franchise can act as sort of set pieces to elevate the storyline , but in this case dealing with something that goes goes back almost thirty years , treating The Predator and The Alien as set pieces , and something to push one 's career , is probably a very bad idea.The film comes off as a teen slasher flick , an ensemble piece from the ranks of High School Musical , trying to showcase certain actors . Unfortunately , there 's just too many actors and story lines to follow . This does n't confuse the plot as much as it waters it down . Many moments in this come off as ' I Know What You Did Last Summer ' , just substitute the Aliens for the Slasher guy in the raincoat.The previous film in this series was actually much better . It was gripping , fast paced , original and cool . But ` The Brothers Strause ' -LRB- whatever appeal that moniker seems to have is lost on me -RRB- seem to have dropped the ball here showing their real ability to write and direct good Science Fiction . Lets remember that ` Alien ' actually won the prestigious Hugo award in 1981 . This is nothing more than schlock dressed up in familiar costume ... ...
 Have you ever been really hungry and the food is still lousy ? How about when you 're really in the mood for a good sci fi flick and it 's so bad you ca n't watch it ? I rented this online really in the mood to watch it and could n't get all the way through . Besides a lousy script and effects the lighting was so bad I could n't watch it . I mean most of it was filmed in darkness , I could barely see what was going on . Terrible camera angles and directing . Complete waste of time and money .
 The first AVP was ... tolerable ... at best , since I do n't consider any of the AVP work -LRB- movies , comics , whatever -RRB- to be remotely canon . AVP : R is a clear cinematic abomination , and I do n't even feel required to justify why it is so . It just IS , like the sky is blue and everyone eventually dies .
 I have all the Alien and Predators dvds . The 1st Alien was a different spin to outer space aliens , good . I have never been crazy for S Weaver , maybe decent in The movie with the 9 ' blue creatures . I love the predator creature . P1 was ok . Of course it had Gov Arnie who could never act , not even as a Govenor . But the first exposure to the creature was good . P2 was fantastic . Glover did his typicasl good job as an actor . At 1st when they said a 2 was coming out , I thought , oh crap , another Arnie movie . I was glad to see it is about the creature . There is so much that could have been done with these 2 creatures , but it looks like they were just trying to use the first movies to promote the junk they started producing , trying to save money . Too bad , they could have made some serious money off these charactors . Predators with Adrien Brodie was a good come back . Let 's see where they take us . Do n't blow it like you guys in the industry did with the Lake Placid series . It will take a miracle to fix that one . But you still have a chance after Predators to bring the creature back in style .
 i guess it was n't even worth the 12 cents + shipping . total nonsense . i could only watch 3 minutes of it .
 FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DO N'T WASTE YOUR VALUBLE TIME ON THIS PLANET WATCHING THIS MOVIE . IT IS HORRIBLE FROM BEGINNING TO END . THE CHARACTERS ARE THE WORST , THE STORY IS VERY LAME , AND THE R RATING OR LACK OF RATING DIDNT DO ANYTHING FOR THE ACTION SEQUENCES IN THE MOVIE.I SAW THIS ON BLU-RAY AND I COULD N'T EVEN APPRECIATE THE PICTURE QUALITY DUE TO HOW BAD THIS MOVIE WAS . MOST OF THE SCENES WERE NIGHT SCENES AND EVEN THOSE FILMED IN THE DAY WERE DARK.IT IS RARE I WRITE A REVIEW BUT IN THIS CASE I HAD TO MAKE AN ACCEPTION . DO N'T EVEN BOTHER RENTING IT . THE FIRST FILM IS SO MUCH BETTER ALL AROUND . THOSE WHO SPOKE NEGATIVELY TOWARDS THE FIRST FILM WILL APPRECIATE IT MUCH MORE IF YOU WASTE YOUR TIME AND SEE THE SEQUEL .
 DO NOT PURCHASE IT . THE THEATRICAL RELEASE IS EXCELLENT QUALITY . THE DVD IS DEFECTIVE . IN THE THEATRE THE TREES AND PLANTS IN THE FOREST ARE GREEN AND BEAUTIFUL . THE SUNLIGHT IS BEAUTIFUL . THE BLOOD IS RED . THE CREATURES AND ACTION ARE SUSPENSEFUL AND EXCITING TO WATCH . THE DVD IS HORRIBLE . THE TREES AND PLANTS ARE BLACK , THE BLOOD IS BLACK . THE SCREEN GOES BLACK MANY TIMES . YOU CA N'T SEE THE ALIENS OR THE PREDATOR DETAILS . YOU SIMPLY ONLY HEAR THE MOVIE BUT CAN NOT WATCH IT . IT IS AN OBVIOUS FACTORY PRODUCTION FAILURE . I ENJOYED IT AT THE THEATRE . I WAS FURIOUS WHEN I TRIED TO VIEW THE DVD . I ONLY WATCHED ABOUT 40 MINUTES OF THE GARBAGE BEFORE I TOOK IT OUT OF THE DVD PLAYER . I SENT MY COPY BACK AS DEFECTIVE .
 There 's really no point in reviewing this film and I do n't know why anyone bothered . At this point , anyone interested in owning this -LRB- like me -RRB- already knows what the deal is and probably saw it in the theater . No one is going to stumble on this cold.Here 's my major issue with the DVD . The film transfer sucks . You 'd think with the amount of cash they spent on promo for the DVD release , they would have put out a quality product . I do n't know if this is an issue in the other versions , but the unrated one is so dark the film is hard to watch . You ca n't focus in on the any of the great action sequences and the special effects -LRB- the only two reasons to own the film -RRB- because it 's so dark you CA N'T SEE ANY OF THEM ! I had to turn the brightness up three notches on my TV just to alleviate the problem -LRB- only makes it better but does n't solve the problem entirely -RRB- . Even doing that , the effects are still muted by the transfer . I am really pissed because you know they wo n't update or clean a niche release like this . I also was not too impressed with the sound quality . The sound does n't pop like in theater -LRB- and yes , I have a sound system hooked up , not the TV speakers -RRB- . Like most of the reviewers , I agree this film does capture the gratuitous violence , gore and brutality of the 80s films , I just wish I could SEE IT clearly . Bummer .
 Lighting is a key ingredient of any movie but it should not fail a movie by itself . In this movie , more than anything it detracts from what may have been at least a fair movie . Next , this should have been in the future with an off world colony , but once again present day humans are just meat on the slab for Aliens and Predators . My silly hope is that one of these will approach the game premise of the same name taking place in the future -LRB- Marines , Corporates , Predators , and Aliens fight in various future arena backdrops -RRB- or at least be more like Aliens 2 where at least the Marines got some payback on an off world colony . Here not a single human including the soldiers makes you respect them enough to think they could actually fight off a Predator or Alien . They spend most their time running from them . At least in Alien they trapped the humans on a ship and you truly felt fear . Here everyone is just impersonal so you do n't feel any loss when the Aliens chow down or the Predator uses them for target practice . Perhaps in AVP 3 since at the end of this one they finally capture a Predator weapon . This movie is about a small town where a Predator that has been infested with an Alien crashes . Almost immediately we see a father and young son out hunting game become attacked and the Readers Digest version of infested . And so it goes for most of the town they are little more than casual considerations even if you find them slightly interesting . Add in that most of the scenes are so dark you can barely make anything out and you have a pretty forgettable movie.I of course bought this as I did all the Alien and Predator movies and the first AVP . Seriously not once did I feel the rush of fear or adrenalline I felt in the first Alien or first Predator . Even the sequels to those had alot more acting and action than this sad sequel to the first AVP . I have to say the first one was better where at least one woman and a Predator survived that was halfway likeable and all the scenes were n't so dark you could n't see . I was rooting for the Predator `` Scar '' . I really did n't care for the handful of human survivors in AVP 2 , and the storyline was pretty weak . The military is n't called in till late , only to be part of the Alien Smorgasbord , and by then the hidden people in power are ready to nuke the town . I ca n't recommend this movie at all as anything but a rental if you have the slightest interest . Otherwise blow it off . If I had paid to see this in the theater I would have been ready to hurt someone for making me pay to see it . Poor quality DVD only because the director thought it was scary to shoot everything in the dark , no replayability . If you liked this then you probably will like another piece of trash movie that I ca n't even think of at the moment as this was so bad . In fact I doubt you have in fact seen all the other Alien and Predator movies . And do n't try to tell me I do n't know what I am talking about as I not only own all Alien and Predator movies , but I have been watching SciFi movies since the 1960s and have seen most that were made since `` Melies the Magician '' . In fact I should have given this one star not two . At the very least you will notice the scenes in the other movies are not so dark that you ca n't clearly make out the action . I highly recommend you go back and look at `` Alien '' , `` Aliens '' , `` Predator '' , and `` Predator 2 '' rather than wasting time on this one . If they had at least one truly visible fight between the Predalien and the Predator it would have redeemed itself but even that was so dark you could n't see what weapon was used or who hit who . Seriously I do n't want that battle in the rain on top a roof in the middle of the night without at least moonlight or some kind of light . Dark but visible is scary , but when you ca n't even make the figures out there is no scared , there is just wondering what was the director , camera person , and/or editor thinking . Add to this they kill each other , then are nuked along with all but a handful of townspeople that escape in a chopper and you have to ask why did I watch this exactly ? I mention a good visible fight scene would have redeemed it but actually even some good acting might have . I guess with Sigourney Weaver , Lance Henriksen , Arnold Schwarzenegger , and Danny Glover are a hard act to follow , but I would have been happy with any acting ability at all . As one reviewer astutely observed this is more brainless horror than Alien and Predator sequel . Please assure me none of the people involved with this movie will have anything to do with another sequel if there is one . So let me recap , extremely poor lighting , acting , story , directing , sound , music , and sets . If you felt this was good please once again see `` Aliens '' and `` Predator '' and pay attention to the lighting , acting , directing , story , sound , music , and sets and you will see how excellent they are when done right . People claiming this is scary can not imagine sitting in the theater watching a creature pop out of John Hurt 's chest the first time . `` Aliens '' had an incredible effect on movies and movie goers and scared the bajeebers out of me . This has the feel of a B movie , and I have seen better . I wish John Carpenter had directed it , it would have rocked .
 This movie was disgusting and stupid to boot . I went in excited that it was rated R and was n't going to cow-tow to a certain demographic the way the first one did ... boy was I wrong . Instead of teenagers , this time I guess it was aimed at the 17-25 age group , who apparently the film makers believe are as misogynistic and hopelessly dorky as they are.Who 's idiotic idea was it to have a Predalien -LRB- stupid creature idea to begin with -RRB- serve as an alien queen that reproduces by slaughtering women and their unborn babys . That 's disgusting and base to say the least . And I do n't mean disgusting in a good way , as in a compliment to most horror films , I mean it in a `` That 's incredibly stupid and hateful '' way . Do filmmakers have no class anymore?I 'm sorry , but substituting substance with over-the-top hateful gore is not filmmaking . This movie was garbage . I 'm wondering if this new unrated DVD release includes a scene with aliens slaughtering defensless newborns in a hospital nursery . It would n't surprise me if it did -LRB- and Americans wonder why the rest of the world thinks we 're corrupt and lacking in the morals department -RRB- . Anyone who enjoys this kind of movie either has the mind of a twisted Junior Jeffery Dahlmer or lacks all sense of good taste.I do n't think that anyone could reasonably defend this film or say with a straight face that the Alien and Predator franchise has not gotten increasingly worse since Alien3 . Way to go morons ... you managed to screw up a great sci-fi/horror storyline . No wonder people like Cameron , Scott and Fincher have n't revisited the franchise , what 's the point , it 's dead .
 lien Vs. Predator - Requiem is directed by Colin and Greg Strause . The film stars Steven Pasquale -LRB- Rescue Me -RRB- , Reiko Aylesworth -LRB- The Killing Floor -RRB- , and John Ortiz -LRB- Carlito 's Way . -RRB- The musical score is contributed by Brian Tyler . This is the second film in the Alien Vs. Predator spin-off series . *** The second film in the Alien Vs. Predator series revolves around numerous people who are forced to band together , following a ship crashing on Earth . It is n't long before the crashed ship 's inhabitants begin attacking humans , and there 's an all-out battle between Aliens and Predators on the Earth - with humans caught up in the midst of the deadly conflict . *** The first two films in the Alien series were undisputed masterpieces of cinema . But from there it 's all been downhill . As if the latter two installments in the Alien series were n't weak enough , the Alien Vs. Predator multimedia franchise fails to make a successful transition to film . It took this spin-off franchise nearly 15 years to spawn a feature film , and the end result was a disaster . Regretfully , the sequel does n't fare a whole lot better . *** One thing I will give the film credit for , though - It 's rated R . The first Alien Vs. Predator film was edited severely to get a PG-13 , in an effort to appeal to a widespread audience . But as a result the film took a few hits in its overall quality . But the filmmakers pulled out the stops here and made this one rated R - the way any Alien or Predator film should be . *** The biggest problem with the film is that the entire first half of the movie focuses too much on the people of Earth and their individual lives . I do n't know about you , but I did n't come to this movie looking for teen drama ! If you 've seen Transformers , you 'll have a pretty good idea what to expect in the former portion of the film - and I DO NOT mean that in a good way . *** Even when the film gets down to the action -LRB- which it took long enough to get to -RRB- , it still fails to please . Poor pacing , direction , a weak script , and a number of other problems drag this movie down so much , ensuring that it never gets off the ground . *** The DVD features an unrated presentation that expands the film 's length , but most of the added scenes are worthless and were rightfully omitted from the film to begin with . Most of what gets added into the film are dialogue scenes - something this movie had too much of to begin with . *** If you want to see Alien and Predator films done right , go watch the first two films in the Alien series , and the first Predator film . This spin-off series fails to make a successful leap to the big screen . And while it goes all-out for an R rating unlike its predecessor , this certainly does n't save the film . -- Image And Sound : For the most part , this is a solid transfer . The level of detail and clarity in the images are very impressive , and there are very few flaws to speak of . Likewise , the audio quality is terrific , with no major issues - and sounds especially good in the action sequences . -- Special Features : For a single-disc DVD , quite a few extra features have been included on here . There are two commentaries for the film , one with the directors and producer , and one with the effects supervisors . These are nice to listen to at least once -LRB- if you enjoyed the movie -RRB- , and they shed some new light on the filmmaking process . For those of you who are into comparing the two versions of the movie included on the disc , a `` marker '' feature has been included as well , which allows you to see where footage has been reinserted . There are also still image galleries that are well worth checking out . *** But the main extras included in this set are the five featurettes , which delve deeper behind the scenes of the movie . The five featurettes follow Development/Production , Post-Production , Creating the Aliens , Creating the Predator/Alien Hybrid , and Building the Predator Homeworld . To be honest , these will have zero appeal to you if you 're like me and did n't enjoy the film , but if you 're one of the few out there that did , these will give you a nice look behind the scenes , for roughly an hour total . I 'm glad to see they included SOME bonus material here , as plenty of Director 's Cuts of films on DVD are bare-bones releases.Final Words : There 's just nothing worthwhile here . Alien Vs. Predator 's second film does nothing to redeem the weaknesses of the first , and instead drags the series ' name down further . Go watch the first two Alien films and the first Predator film , but do n't bother with the film versions of AVP .
 The bare bones of AVP-R is the Predator ship carrying the Pred-alien from the first AVP crashes back to Earth , and the mayhem that always accompanies Aliens trying to make babies ensues . Cue face-huggers . Cue bursting chest scenes . Cue clueless humans . Much running . Much screaming . Not much that is new . Except the Pred-alien , and the Predator with a Purpose.What do you get when you cross an Alien , and a Predator ? An Alien with quasi-dreadlocks and the ability to scare , intimidate , and/or command the other Aliens . Pred-alien . What do you get when Aliens over run the -LRB- at least , one of the -RRB- Predators ' favorite hunting grounds ? According to AVP-R
 Alien , Aliens and Predator are among my favorite movies of all time which is why I feel compelled to WARN other Aliens fans about the worst sequel this franchise has ever created ... AVP
 My DVD of this film is stated to be 101 minutes in duration . This Blu-ray release is stated to be 94 minutes long . If these are accurate , what a rip-off !
 This is absolutely one of the worst movies that I 've ever seen . I love cheesy horror movies . Love practically anything sci-fi , but there are lines I do n't like crossed in movies and this movie crossed every one of of them . I found it quite disturbing in many parts , and not in the ` ooh I 'm scared ' , more in the `` It 's so sad than humanity now finds this entertaining . '' So , SPOILER ALERT . First , I detested the use of kids in this . One of the first victims is a child . Yes , you see the alien burst from the chest of an 8 year old . Great , thanks , you 're killing children . Next , the pred-alien can impregnate people by distending his jaw to engulf the face of people and laying numerous eggs in each victim . It goes to a hospital , into the maternity ward . Not only do you see him standing over the cribs of newborns -LRB- thankfully we do n't get to see the aliens bursting of the bodies of 1 day olds - perhaps their is hope for humanity - but that scene was probably actually shot/made -RRB- but you do get to see him engulfing the faces of pregnant women and the new aliens now filling their stomach . Instead of continuing with my diatribe , I 'll just say this movie is pointless except for the filmaker to metaphorically say ` f ** you ' to all the boundaries of the past and ` yea , we 're going to do it and you 're going to watch it . ' I 'm very sorry I did n't read previous reviews . I just thought `` Hey , I bet it 's just cheesy in a sci-fi way . '' I actually liked the first AVP because it was fun and entertaining . This was nauseating and I hope I forget I ever saw it . Thanks guys , for ruining my love of the alien and predator franchises . Whatever film exec approved this movie should be fired , then made to watch the movie over and over and over . He 's probably a sicko anyway and would enjoy it .
 What is blu-ray doing with all the recent releases ? I bought this movie and it wo n't play properly on my Samsung BD-P1000 player , with the latest update . I also have the same problem with 3 other new releases on blu-ray . If you talk to Samsungs tech dept. , they will tell you it 's because the studios are changing the data on EACH new release and not getting the info for an update to them , yes , it sounds like a big `` it 's not me '' to me too.I am returning this to Amazon and not buying any other blu-rays for now .
 Being a fan of the Alien series , I had looked forward to this.What a waste.It 's the old slasher movie formula , but with Aliens and a Predator . Get the teens together , the bad ones get killed , the good one survives . It was all so clich&eacute;d , it was tough to watch through . No innovation at all in this story.Most of the movie is so dark -LRB- as in no lighting -RRB- I could n't tell what was going on . These idiot directors might have saved a lot of money , and just released a sound track .
 Only check out this sequel if you are a fan of gore . They really amp up the blood and guts in this one . Unfortunately , as is oft-mentioned in these reviews , it looks like The Brothers Strause made a final digital adjustment to the film and darkened all the imagery . So , the gore is there , but it 's hardly discernible . A very weak script with laughable lines does n't help either . I enjoyed the first AVP and was looking forward to this one . But it only left me hoping the next chapter would be an improvement .
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . There seemed to be sound bites stollen from the previous Alien movies , such as the little girl screaming sounded the same as Alien 2 .
 Aliens vs. Predator - Requiem -LRB- Unrated Edition -RRB- I really enjoy the premis of the Alien vs. Predator series . The first offering was in my opinion very good . Sana Lathan , was tough and sexy in the lead role . The visuals were fantastic and the story was very good . But the newest offering had a good story if only I could see what was going on . Too dark , too many things going bump in the night but I was reduced to listening to them in DTS surround . I could barely make out the creatures and the battles were very good , I think , could n't see them . A lot of the actors were unknown to me but that 's okay , Brad Pitt did n't start out at the top either . This could have been a very enjoyable movie because we are not looking for an academy award nomination here if this is the type of movie fans like me enjoy . However we do ask that we be able to at least be able to see what is going on . Sum it up , good story , I liked it , bad lighting . No excuse for the terrible lighting on this one because the producers did n't have to pay huge salaries to make this one . I only got it because I collect these but if you enjoy the series you can invest in this one and hope that a remake is done so that you can see as well as here it . Lost 2 stars for poor lighting .
 I was a tender lad of 8 when I saw the original `` Alien '' at the theater -LRB- it was the first R-rated film I was ever allowed to see -RRB- . What I saw affected me -LRB- in terms of movie-going experiences -RRB- for the rest of my life . Science fiction was being treated as an `` adult '' genre instead of the light-hearted fanatasy treatment geared toward kids and teens that it 's usually given -LRB- no offense , Lucas . I loved the Star Wars films -RRB- . Instead of bright colors , flashy laser guns and lovable robots , we were given a stark vision of a functional , dirty , backstabbing and morally bankrupt future ; and what 's worse , there is a creature out there that is darker than any nightmare you could ever envision . This creature was a cold , cunning , ruthless killer without conscience or remorse . It forever changed the way we viewed science fiction -LRB- many films have tried to copy it , but NONE have ever even come close -RRB- . Seven years later , James Cameron came along and created the PERFECT sequel with `` Aliens '' . `` Aliens '' was more of a sci-fi/action film rather that a sci-fi/horror film like `` Alien '' , but Cameron still held the alien mythology in high regards and integrated it into his story.The original `` Predator '' was more of an action vehicle for the then red-hot `` Ah-nold '' Schwarzennegger . The film was pretty good and had some very cool scenes , but not nearly as good as the first 2 `` Alien '' films . `` Predator 2 '' was OK , but really fell short of the potential that this franchise could have had . `` Alien 3 '' and `` Alien Ressurection '' were two progressively worse films in the series that pretty much ruined the whole franchise for me . Things could n't get any worse after `` Ressurection '' . WRONG ! 2004 brought us `` Aliens vs. Predator '' which I thought was just a slight step above `` Ressurection '' . It was sort of enjoyable , but it added very little to the Alien mythology.Well , `` Requiem '' brings absolutely NOTHING to the Alien or Predator franchises at all . These two iconic screen creatures have been reduced to nothing more than `` slasher '' villains like Jason , Michael Meyers , or Freddy.How sad.The plot of this film is mindless and pointless . The creatures are no longer scary and have been reduced to `` tools '' used to get a box-office draw -LRB- and even THAT did n't save this movie - it was a financial bomb -RRB- . Thank God I only rented this.I think I 'll pop in the original `` Alien '' and `` Predator '' in the DVD player and remember what it was like when movies were fresh , original , scary , exciting , and fun.Hollywood ... you suck .
 Another example of how sicko , hack movie makers have ruined the horror genre . Like the Saw and Hostel movies , this one is a celebration of torture and human suffering , and it goes way , way , way over the line by depicting children , even a baby , being mutilated alive.It was bad enough seeing a young child watch his father die , then be slaughtered himself early in the movie . But after the scene where a mother in labor and her baby are horribly tortured and killed , I actually removed this DVD from my player and smashed it against a brick wall . No kidding . I did n't watch the rest of the movie because it was in pieces on my floor.As for the `` brothers '' who made this movie , I suggest they spend a night in an emergency room , or perhaps spend a month embedded with a unit in Iraq or Afghanistan , and see if they still take the suffering of innocents so lightly . Art is art , and I 've seen plenty of depictions of children in jeopardy or in pain that were handled appropriately -LRB- The Pledge , Law & Order : SVU episodes -RRB- . I enjoyed Alien , Aliens and Alien : Resurrection immensely . This movie , though , I would argue crossed the line into obscenity . And to make matters even worse , it 's not even interesting or well made.To paraphrase Roger Ebert , if you have a friend who likes this movie , dump 'em and find a new friend .
 I draw the line with pregnat -LRB- sp -RRB- in labor being injected with an alien baby . I stopped the movie right after that . I 'm a mother and I went through labor twice . Sorry I 'm drawing the line with that . I will not watch that movie again . Luckly I got it OnDemand so I do n't have to have the DVD to worry about . I 'll be sticking with the first Alien vs Predator from now on .
 And it may as well be . Even if you watch the R-rated version , this film looked more like it was made for the Sci-Fi cable network as it is incredibly bad and it siganls the death of the two monster movie francises . I do not think Fox ever cared about either series anyway .
 This movie was pathetically dark . In some scenes , you could n't see anything but black movements on a black background ; frustrating when the scene is supposed to be crucial to the plot . Even the few daylight scenes seem poorly lighted , as if in a dream state . Once the plot settles to night and the cities power goes out , good luck trying to figure out whats going on.The plot was decent , but the fight scenes everyone buys the movie for were impossible to see : - \
 I do n't know if the movie 's good or bad , I could only watch it like 20 or 25 minutes because the image is TOO DARK . At some parts , I could n't see what was going on in the movie . Is it the DVD transfer ? Was it like this in the theatres?I 've written to amazon asking for a refund . I could n't watch the whole movie ! I had to turn off the TV because the screen was too painful to look at . Very disappointing .
 As I played the movie on my monitor I actually thought something was wrong with my monitor 's settings . But after adjusting the brightness and contrast to all possible cominations and settings I realised it was not my monitor 's fault . That was how AVP2 was made or made on the DVD . It could have been renamed AVP in Total Darkness . Extremely poor in lighting there is hardly any daylight or even light for the night and rainy scenes . Considering that the original Predator made two decades ago had numerous scenes in broad daylight AVP2 is an insult to the series . Both Alien and Predator creatures were creative masterpieces but AVP2 spoils both of them . In contrast AVP the first of the series was really made well . I wonder why with so much advancement in computer graphics technologies a movie so poorly as AVP2 was made . The story line is also very poor . Let 's hope the next one in the series offers some promise . Two stars for the creative predators and the audio otherwise the movie deserves only one star .
 Some movies are worth a thousand word treatise.The lighting , for whatever reason , is too dark to be enjoyable and the movie is difficult to watch for that reason alone.When you can make them out the graphics and special effects show this to be a big budget production . Unfortunately the script writing is a pretty fair match for the grade B acting and none of the characters are convincing enough to give a damn about when they meet a predictably tasteless and gruesome end.Because neither of the villainous reptilian monsters -LRB- good guy / bad guy ... maybe but who knows -RRB- have any lines it 's not so easy to understand any real motive behind the wholesale slaughter . Being an action adventure I guess you 're not supposed to care . I did n't ... Some movies are worth making it to the theater , the popcorn and anticipation ... others are worth the price of the DVD . If you decide to rent it go ahead but personally I thought the download was a waste of bandwidth .
 Two of Hollywood 's most famous Sci-fi creatures totally disgraced . This second movie was even worst than the first one . The stupid teenage drama and terrible acting is soo disappointing and completely ruins the movie . The visual effects were good ... which is about the only good thing but the producers of AVP : R probably watched the original Aliens and Predator movies once or twice and completely destroyed what Ridley Scott , James Cameron and John McTiernan created . Terrible movie ... i hope they 're done after this .
 This film , as the title states , is almost literally unwatchable . It is the most technically incompetent film I have ever seen from a big studio ; there is so little light in some scenes that you ca n't make out any of the `` action '' that 's supposed to be the touchstone of the piece . Other reviewers have complained that the only bad reviews are from people who are expecting `` ground-breaking '' or `` thought-provoking '' cinema . I do n't care if it 's not as intelligent or does n't carry the emotional resonance of the earlier films ; `` Alien Resurrection '' is neither of these things , but it 's still enjoyable , for the most part . This is the most disappointing film I 've ever seen ; people who were disappointed by the franchise being laid low thanks to `` Alien 3 '' had no idea what was in store down the line . I wish I could have given this zero stars .
 Wow ! What can one say about this newest installment ? ... . Not a lot , that 's for certain . Not to date myself here , but I saw the theatrical release of Alien the first time around , : : coughs :
 This review is from ; Aliens vs. Predator - Requiem -LRB- Two-Disc Special Edition with Digital Copy -RRB- Although the majority of viewers felt the first `` Aliens vs. Predator '' was a disappointment , I think many viewers will continue to be disappointed with the new installment of `` Aliens vs. Predator-Requiem '' . `` Requiem '' picks up where the last `` Aliens vs. Predator '' left off as the Predator ship carrying the dead predator impregnated with the alien crash lands on earth after all the predators are apparently killed by the hybrid alien/predator -LRB- the hybrid looks like an alien with dreadlocks -RRB- . The hybrid quickly begins to infest a small , Colorado town with alien offspring . A single predator is dispatched from the predator world to earth to take care of the alien infestation . Nice shots of the predator world ! Although this appears like a good gesture from the predator world to find and hunt the aliens , the predator pretty much kills anything that gets in his way including many humans that are innocently caught in the crossfire . The rest of the movie is pretty much a slasher type movie of many aliens killing humans like your typical Freddie Krueger or Jason flick . This tends to get tedious & very repetitious.The film is very dark as many other reviewers have pointed out . At times you can not differentiate between the aliens and the single predator . Another reviewer pointed out that the alien/predator hybrid continues to impregnate humans as host for offspring aliens , but the fully-grown aliens continue to look like just plain aliens and have no genetic resemblance of the predator like the hybrid . The film is very violent and although it did not offend or disturb me personally , I think some viewers may get disturbed in the fact that infants , a child and pregnant mothers all fall as unfortunate victims to the marauding aliens . After all the massive killings in the end , a single nuclear strike puts a merciful end to it all . We do n't even get a conclusive end to the climatic predator versus the alien/predator hybrid showdown . Just everything blown away , a handful of human survivors escape and an unusual ending that features the predator weapon in the hands of some evil looking executives that may be some seg-way to a part three . Compared to the first `` Aliens vs. Predator '' I think `` Requiem '' was a bigger disappointment . Maybe Sigourney Weaver and/or Arnold Schwarzenagger should have made a comeback to resurrect this franchise . Watch-able , but forgettable .
 There 's an old adage in the horror world
 I watched this crap about 40 minutes and couldnt take any more . I own all the Preditor and Alien disks and I cant figure out how this made the platform . First of all , the movie must have been done on the night shift . No light at all . I didnt see anything but dark things or whatever . Even the somewhat lit sceens were dark and dim . The coryogrophy or whatever may have been fine but I couldnt see it so I dont know . The 40 minutes I seen of it sucked , so what ever . The actors did there job . Too bad I couldnt see them . Common guys , light , depth of field , contrast , animation , simulation but not this.The sad thing is they have most likely made $ 40 mill on this crap alredy.ED
 Aliens Versus Predator - Requiem -LRB- or AVP
 Ugh!I bought this movie and I had to give it back the next day . I thought I was getting a Alien Movie that was supposed to improve on AVP . Instead , the director might as well called us suckers for buying this piece of garabage that he most likely thought of over a weekend full of booze and beer . It reminds me of that Tyson Vs. McNeeley fight on PPV for $ 49.95 after Tyson got out of jail . Yes , I went there . `` SUCKER '' is all over our foreheads.The lighting was a big problem . I had to personally adjust the settings on my TV so I could actually see what was going on . Any other movie , I had to adjust back so I could see THAT one.Onto the movie
 Let me just say that I 've been a big fan of both movie franchises . I had survived sitting through the first AvP movie and I sat through this.Compared to the first movie , AVP : R does hold few positive notes . It 's rated-R instead of the lower PG-13 rating the first film had . And the alien and predator share much more screen time than the last film.For the first two minutes of the film I honestly enjoyed myself.It begins where the last Alien vs. Predator left off ... on a Predator ship with a skeleton Predator crew who are going about their work . Scar -LRB- Predator protagonist from the last film -RRB- is dead . His corpse is being transported back to the Homeworld when something goes wrong ... For people who have watched the previous film , the last scene shows Scar had been implanted with an alien seed . And continuing the storyline , the Chestburster frees itself from the body and is loose on the ship . Eventually it attacks the crew and as a result , the ship plummets to Earth and crashes.Following that scene , there 's also get a truly beautiful glimpse into the Predator 's `` supposed '' Homeworld.But that 's where nearly it all just went downhill.The human side of the story is anything but entertaining . At first I thought nothing could be worse than the first AvP movie . And to be honest , the first AvP movie plot I did n't HATE , it just was completely out of place.But this movie writing and direction I thought was inexcusable . And why ? The human main characters are mainly all : High-school teenagers.Possibly the most dreaded words to hear in any film . And for me to watch as my favorite two aliens are even included with a cast of teenagers ... I was appalled.I could n't keep very optimistic , as Ricky , the main teenager character , made his appearance . I had hoped these teenagers would be at least different since it was an alien/predator film.Not the case at all . These teenagers were about as stereotypical , hormonal , sex-driven , and superficial as any other teenager character in Hollywood movies.This AvP story plays out the first half on hour about ex-convict Ricky who arrives in his hometown . Already we can clearly see he and his older cop brother have -LRB- gasp -RRB- tension in their relationship . Ricky also moans about being a pizza delivery boy while crushing on some hot blonde girl , Kristen , who is in a bad relationship with her current ` tough ' boyfriend.Throughout the entire first half I had to wonder if I was watching Alien vs Predator or something straight out of those teenager TV dramas . The banter of teenager problems and difficulties were so annoying that I could n't bring myself to care for these characters at all.There is momentary relief where it cuts to tid-bits of the aliens beginning to infest the hometown and the lone Predator who is deployed to capture the aliens.The movie tries to save itself by including another main character , Kelly , an army soldier wife who arrives home to her husband and young daughter . While she is n't a teenager , it was too blatantly obvious that it was another wannabe Ripley . Her situation is filled with problems too which I ca n't sympathize with either because of how I feel her problems are being forced onto me too quickly so the movie can continue.Ultimately , we get to the action scenes after Ricky and Kristen have an almost sex scene in their school 's indoor pool . It gets crashed when Tough Boyfriend and the gang come to beat up Ricky for stealing his girl . But then it finally gets saved when an alien comes and kills them.But even I could n't enjoy the alien killing these teenagers because seeing an alien in a high school setting felt so out of place ... That I wondered if the Alien had n't just accidentally wandered onto the set of `` Dawson 's Creek '' or some other horrid teenage drama.After that , it 's the typical run-and-survive from aliens . Only up to this point , I just want the humans to literally be wiped out because their characters are soo badly acted and written.The only highlights of the movies were the action scenes between just the Predator and Alien . The make-up , costumes , and effects used for the Predator and Alien are top-notch from the old films . It 'll make any Alien and Predator fan drool when their scenes come up.There 's no Alien Queen in this movie . Instead the focus is on a Pred-Alien , an alien/predator hybrid , that is running wild . And I was glad to see this alien species making its debut from video game to film . I just wish it was a better movie for it to debut in.Characterization was terrible . When these characters died I actually found myself cheering , which is never a good sign . The movie tries to make you care about these characters by throwing out the `` cliche '' hardships , which are almost too silly to take seriously.About the only potential character in this film , I thought , was a homeless guy with a dog named `` Butch . '' But he dies quickly.The fact this movie had EVEN a scene that included a teenage girl trying to seduce a guy by stripping off her clothes is where I draw the line . No predator or alien movie should stoop this low.For big fans of both movies , BEWARE . This is not the alien/predator movies you grew up with ! While this movie can have some great Alien/Predator action scenes , the human story you have to get through is just painful . RENT BY ALL MEANS if you at least want to satisfy your curiosity.Buying is not something I recommend , unless you absolutely want all alien/predator movies in your collection . This DVD version does n't have any behind-the-scenes , commentary , or extra footage.As for this alien/predator fan , I can only ask what they can possibly do next to these classics ?
 Seriously , this dvd is way too dark . I could n't make out any details on either the predator or the alien . The only way I could distinguish the hybrid was the dreadlocks and tail combination in silhouette . Maybe there was some light reflection off the hybrid 's alien face but that was it . Could anybody actually see anything in this movie ??
 Call his films horrible , badly-written and even filled with ripoff shots and scenes disguised as homages , at least Paul W.S. Anderson films are watchable in that dumb fun way -LRB- unlike Uwe Boll who ca n't even entertain a lobotomy patient -RRB- . When Anderson took on the Alien vs. Predator series , many groaned when it came out since it had all the aforementioned trademarks as well as being PG-13 and rather tame considering the violence found in both franchises . The sequel , clearly with intent to change that , also falls into the same problems
 This is one of the worst films I have ever seen -LRB- try to see -RRB- and a shameful abuse of one of the greatest movie monsters of all time . The Alien is no longer scary . Gone is the elegance . Gone is the menace and chilling patience . Made by people who know how to make FX but have no real idea about how to make a movie . I sometimes wondered if they were making fun of what had gone before , like a Zucker/Abrams flick as it seemed to veer into what could be construed as parody . Sadly , no.I knew going in it would be bad , and that it would probably be yet another nail in the coffin of my favorite sci-fi sequels -LRB- `` Alien '' in my case , though I do enjoy the `` Predator '' films -RRB- . I had seen the `` redband '' trailer , and stared in horror at its frenetic menagerie of 80s teen slasher clich&eacute;s ; I even watched the `` exclusive '' online clip of the film 's first five minutes , and hoped that they had been edited down from a better-paced original -LRB- as it turned out , they had not -RRB- . But even so , I gave the movie a shot . Why ? I 'm not sure . Perhaps because if a beloved artifice that one has admired for years is to be systematically dismantled and thrown on the trash heap , one should be there to watch it burn . At least , I thought , with my expectations this low , this movie 's directors would have to try very hard to undercut them.They did . I mean really , they must have tried hard . It takes some kind of effort to take two of the most durable mythologies in modern scifi and make them a backdrop to a pizza guy 's coming of age . Seriously . That is the only discernible story-arc in this entire film . Truth be told I could forgive even that if the characters had n't came pre-assembled right out of the teen movie stock barrel . Instead this film spends 40 minutes trying to make us care whether Smarmy Teen gets it off with Hot Blonde before Blond Bully Ex-Boyfriend finds out . Thank God he has Troubled Ex-Con Brother -LRB- who trumps in along with his buddy , Nice Cop -RRB- to help him out once the aliens -LRB- who arrive courtesy of `` disturbing '' evisceration of Happy Hunting Dad and his son , Curious Preteen -RRB- start to take out the population -LRB- such as Mumbling Bum Who No One Will Ever Believe and Dense Cop Who Keeps Looking In The Dark After Everyone Else Has Left -RRB- . They soon meet up with Screaming Bereft Mother and Military Chick , who saves her daughter Cute Little Girl after her husband Wussy New Man is vivisected in line with tradition.Honestly , with this zoo of automated plot-bots to manage , how do the aliens and the predators -LRB- actually a Predator -RRB- get a look in ? Well in truth , they do n't . Very little time is spent developing either character -LRB- and let 's face it , since neither character actually talks , that is n't surprising -RRB- and any tension built up between them is quickly dissipated as the film returns to the interminable `` I Know What You Did Last Summer '' slasher plot . I 'm not sure what sort of budget this had but you can see that money spent on each subsequent Alien or Predator film is getting less & less , with average special effects , no name actors , bland locations & surprisingly cheap looking production values . Please stop embarrassing yourselves even further .
 Let me begin this review by explaining to those who may not know , that there are a series of very well written AVP books . The central figure is a woman named Machiko Noguchi , who works for Weyland-Yutani Corporation . The series starts off on a colony world , and long story short , much like the original AVP movie , Machiko is blooded as a Predator warrior . But where the first AVP movie made an uninspiring choice , in the AVP books , Machiko joins the predators on their hunts across the galaxy , which makes for a gripping story with her internal conflicts between her loyalty to the predators , her hatred of the aliens , and her heritage as a human . They 're really well done , and I highly recommend them :1 . Prey -LRB- Aliens Vs. Predator , Book 1 -RRB- 2 . Hunter 's Planet -LRB- Aliens Vs. Predator , Book 2 -RRB- 3 . War -LRB- Aliens Vs. Predator , Book 3 -RRB- So , given this context , I found the first AVP movie to be by far the most closely aligned with this vision of AVP , although disappointing that it stopped short of carrying through with the theme described in the novels . Not surprisingly , I found the second AVP movie -LRB- requiem -RRB- , to not only be an unfaithful extension of that theme and a complete deviation from previously understood Alien canon , but also an utter mess of a movie in general.I would rank the Alien movies as follows :1 . Aliens -LRB- ***** -RRB- 2 . Alien -LRB- ***** -RRB- 3 . AVP 1 -LRB- *** -RRB- 4 . Alien 3 -LRB- ** -RRB- 5 . Alien Resurrection -LRB- ** -RRB- 6 . AVP Requiem -LRB- * -RRB- To provide additional insight about my view of this movie , I own all previously released Alien movies , but have no intention of wasting my money on this one . Furthermore , after I 'd finished viewing this movie at the theatre , I was actually incensed as I told myself that I 'd just lost 101 minutes of my life that I could never get back.Do yourself a favor - spend some quality time with a friend or family member , go out to a nice restaurant , or read a good book -LRB- such as those I 've listed above -RRB- , but DO NOT waste some of your precious time on this Earth watching this stinker .
 When AVP went into production fans of both the Alien and Predator movies were very excited , but a little hope was lost when it was announced Paul WS Anderson was the writer/director ; but what really got fans going crazy was when the rating was PG-13 . While one can not deny there were flaws with AVP it had more to do with the writing than anything else . Anderson 's scripts often feel like an early draft rather than final shooting script . All the Alien and Predator movies were R-rated and no doubt AVP should have as well , but when all was said and done the PG-13 rating is n't what hurt AVP . Yes it could have used more gore and action , but the problems again were with the writing.With AVP-R announced without Paul Anderson being involved and the movie being made with an R-Rating fans were once again excited . And to be totally honest after watching AVP-R I think I 'd much rather have Paul Anderson involved . AVP-R was a rather poor movie , while there was potential without Anderson I really think we would have been better off with him.The biggest problem with AVP-R is the lighting . Daniel Pearl was the DP and from what I have seen from him I have liked . He did the original Texas Chainsaw Massacre so right there he gets my respect , but the lighting here was terrible . There was more gore than AVP , but we ca n't see it ! I do n't know if Daniel Pearl was to blame or if it was Colin & Greg Strause who are the directors are too blame . Since Pearl is the DP I have to blame him . Watching this movie at times is sort of like watching a movie with your eyes closed . That was the biggest problem here , but not the only problem.The screenplay by Shane Salerno was terrible . There were far too many characters to keep track of and all were so poorly written and lack any depth at all . AVP-R is the type of movie that when all is said and done you 'll be hard pressed to remember the names of any of the characters . The script was really poor . It 's like Shane Salerno did n't even bother to try . We have the fan base for the Alien and Predator movies and well they 'll see anything we spit out . Once again Hollywood treats us like idiots.Directors Colin & Greg Strause fail at brining any suspense and tension and with the terrible lighting not much of a surprise their scenes lack any of that . The action scenes are decent , but again since we can barley see them they fail at brining any excitement . There were a couple of solid scenes , but not nearly enough to salvage this movie . Had I actually been able to see what was happening maybe AVP-R would n't have failed as much as it did ; by no means would this be a great movie , but slightly better . The final act is the worst offender ; the scenes in the hospital for the climax are so dark that if you have any interest left in the movie by this point you 'll probably lose it.AVP-R proved that the rating of AVP had nothing to do with its failure . Would an R-rating have made AVP better ? Odds are yes very slightly better , but no way would it have been great . Like I said earlier the PG-13 rating did n't hurt AVP as much as the writing and this movie proved that . AVP-R was R-rated and was n't as good as AVP , which was average at best . A lot has changed over the years , back in the 70s and 80s many movies were butchered by the MPAA and if released now most of these titles would clear and R-rating with ease and some would feature minor cuts and not be totally butchered . If AVP was released back in the 80s or mid 90s it would possibly get an R-rating . Times have changed though and AVP pulled off the PG-13 , but it is slightly more extreme than most PG-13 flicks . Paul Anderson is hated by legions of Horror/Sci-Fi fans and while I ca n't say I like the guys work I do n't hate it . I can tolerate him , but barley . And honestly I never thought I would say to myself I wish Paul Anderson did this and while watching AVP-R I found myself wishing Anderson would have done it.These cross over movies almost always seem to fail . Back in the 40s Universal did it with their monster movies and while some were fun none of them were as good as the monsters on their own . So when it came to AVP I was n't expecting anything like the movies from either series . Besides being a Vs movie it 's also a sequel to both Alien and Predator and honestly with some exceptions as a series goes on they do n't get better they might stay enjoyable if lucky . With AVP-R I was simply expecting some mindless fun , and while it was very mindless the makers forgot about the fun part.For the hardcore fans of the Alien and Predator movies are the only ones who should watch this , but I doubt this movie will live up to your expectations . This one does n't correct the problems found in AVP it just creates its own and far worse problems . With better lighting AVP-R would have been better , but still not very good either .
 There 's bad cinema , and there 's really bad cinema . And then there 's AvP Requiem . I do sympathize with the cast and crew , however , having a budget of only $ 40 million . With today 's high-tech blue screens , CGI and special effects computers , $ 40 million ai n't much . But it should still be possible to make a fair film from that meager amount.Regardless of budgetary constraints -LRB- Pitch Blackcost only $ 23 million to make -RRB- , one would hope for at least some cool camera shots , great action sequences , and good gadgets . Not so . The filming is dark . Too dark . In fact , it was so dark I could n't tell who was doing what to whom . `` Are they having sex ? Or is that blood spurting from someone 's eye ? `` Next problem
 By definition , a movie is `` a motion picture . '' How can there be any motion when the entire screen is black ? Even with all the lights out , and your equipment adjusted to enhance , the action you are able to see in this flick is confusing at best . Most of the time will be spent wondering what you are supposed to be looking at . The rest of the time will be spent wondering why the heck you should care - in addition to being pi ** ed off because you spent good money on this mud . AVPR would be a great case study for future film students . This is what happens when artistic self-indulgence gets in the way of the story . You ca n't RELATE to the story on the screen if you ca n't SEE the story on the screen -LRB- like writing that story on white paper using white ink -RRB- . Subjecting film students to mandatory viewing of this `` movie '' should drive the point home quite neatly . There are failures on all other levels , too . Due to the lack of comprehensive visuals , this could almost be repackaged as an audio book - if it was n't for the shoddy writing and the sub-zero acting . `` On earth everyone can hear you scream . '' They are screaming REFUND !
 What happened . I have been a Alien and Predator fan since I was able to remember . After reading all the comics and playing al the games I could not wait for the movie . AvP 1 was n't bad but completely unfullfilling . I figured round 2 they would improve the action with a decent story-line but no . AvP Requim has awesome action but awful story . I brought 5 friends and they all hated life after . How hard is it to make a decent plot ? The action is awesome , the original soundtrack and sfx are all there , new weapons , tons of killings , but the plot is a teenage drama , A TEENAGE DRAMA !!! What the hell where these guys thinking . I finally get the action I wanted , a Predalien , tons of aliens , still only 1 predator -LRB- which is another screw up -RRB- and then they gave us this plot , I felt cheated in life . I hope Fox realizes they messed up big time and sell the franchise to a company -LRB- WB , Paramount , MGM even Disney !!! -RRB- they wont ruin this anymore .
 My wife and I both loved AVP . It began with an archeological dig , which we love , paying homage to The Thing . AVP 2 , as we 'll call this , was a disaster.There was a lot of action . That 's true . If we 'd been able to see any of it , it would have been good . This movie made us stop and increase brightness for our picture to where it distorted every other channel/movie . Just so we could try to watch AVP 2 . The aliens were given dreadlocks -LRB- I think -- hard to really see -RRB- , so it was almost impossible to tell if it was an alien or the Predator.The day in this Colorado town was odd
 I think it 's safe to say that the AvP crossover is not Hollywood 's thing . This movie sucked . it had decent action scenes , but it was too dark to ever get a good sense of what was going on . Acting and storyline were sub = par at best . The deal with the hybrid impregnating pregnant women was distasteful and offensive . I guess the Strause Brothers and their mom did n't get along too well .
 Top 10 Reasons This Movie Sucks1 . Characters are bad , their performances are bad and at every opportunity they make bad choices . Especially the sheriff that guy was retarded or something .2 . What was the predator 's motivation ? At first I thought it was here to cover up / kill the escaped aliens when it was hiding bodies but then it started randomly killing people and leaving them skinned and hanging in trees .3 . I thought the National Guard troops were going to make the movie interesting . I was really hoping for some aliens/space marines style action . But they were all killed in like a minute by the aliens . `` Game over man . `` 4 . Alien acid blood flying everywhere and no one getting burned .5 . The blond girl getting killed .6 . Her borderline retarded boyfriend living .7 . Predator taking off all his weapons to fight the boss alien . Guess he wanted to keep it fare .8 . Aliens no longer need to lay eggs they now simply spit half a dozen embryos down people 's throats . And all half dozen of them come popping out of their chest two and one half minutes later . Good for them that was a real weakness .9 . Fights are so dark you ca n't tell the Alien from the predator when they are rolling around . But with the amount of alien acid blood flying around he should have been a puddle .10 . The paratroopers should have mowed the survivors down as they exited the crashed helicopter . They just nuked the town for Christ sake they would want to cover that up . And the government deciding to nuke a town based on a 2 second clip of a alien.It 's like this movie was written by a couple of stupid drunken frat boys . I hear their next movie will be called `` Ninjas VS Pirates '' . Hope this review helps.Thanks ,
 Insipid . Abysmal . Wretched . Horrible . Abhorrent ... when something is this bad , how can words describe it?The direction was absolutely terrible - constantly dark , murky , and muted lighting makes it difficult to see anything . These directors clearly do not know what they are doing . There is the total absence of a narrative or conflict that drives movies and make the original two Aliens movies great and first Predator decent . The story ca n't decide if it is a teenage horror movie , science fiction , or action thriller . Of course , with directors as incompetent as these , it fails miserably on all counts . They ca n't even get one out of three right . It is pointlessly cruel - one could tolerate an exploding pregnant woman 's abdomen or the implied death of 20 or so infants in a hospital if there was a point or even in a teenage boy kind of attempt-to-be-edgy-and-artsy way , but in this context there was no point . While Battlefield Earth was a good bad movie , thus making it a mildly pleasant , albeit absurd , diversion , this film is the worst kind
 It might have been a LITTLE fun if you could have SEEN anything . It 's almost unbelievable that anyone could spent $ 40 million dollars on a film that is so DARKLY LIT that you ca n't see a f# $ % ing thing!I guess these film makers forget that peaple actually want to WATCH a film . I was pleasantly surprised with AVP -LRB- my first reaction on seeing the title was `` god that 's stupid '' -RRB- but it was actually pretty cool . Unfortunately , this one goes on the trash heap . What a shameful waste .
 I didnt expect myself to really like this movie , and I thought it would be somewhat entertaining . But the farther I got into it , the more I was appalled at how could they let someone turn this incredibly ridiculous script into a movie . The pinnacle of the absurdness was the movie 's copy cat use of soldiers and the nuke scene like in Aliens , except it was like watching it remade from a mind of a 10 year old . There are a lot of children fans of AvP who like the comic bookish feel of it and want to see stuff like Aliens vs Superman , Aliens vs Halo , Predators vs DBZ . You know ... the stuff nerdy kids think of and dont appreciate the original version . Its like they took a couple from this pool of kids and let them make a movie . Im sure others have gone in depth of how much this movie and the other AvP movie have tainted the Alien and Predator universes . Actually , tainted so much that the people who made Predators and Ridley Scott making the Alien prequel all unacknowledged AvP . Either way , I at least want to add my vote at decreasing the overall rating of this stupid production .
 This is going to be really quick . This is literally the worst lighting -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- I have ever seen ! Light is one of the most basic aspects of film and this has none of it ! I 'm watching it as I write this review and I can barely make out a face and I NEVER see the Alien or Predator fully . Many hunting scenes were lost of any suspense for me because i could n't see anything !! I hear it 's different on Blu-Ray if you have 1080p and a decent television but after this I do n't even care anymore . I will never watch a film by these directors again . I put them in the Uwe Boll caliber of directing , with a slight nod to Uwe becuase at least i could SEE his films -- I just wish I had n't .
 What a sad and tired old franchise this has become ! Without even a pretence of a story-line , `` Alien vs Predator 2 '' is simply a string of gory set scenes about as entertaining to watch as a highway pile-up . I suppose that fans of the classic originals could amuse themselves during the 94 minutes of this movie by trying to count just how many iconic storyboard pages -LRB- and even lines of dialog -RRB- have been lifted entire and strung together to form this mess . But only if they were really , really , bored ...
 I never thought I 'd say this but I really , really hope that they NEVER make another AVP movie again . The people in this movie -LRB- like AVP -RRB- are just there to fill in the time . They ca n't act . They are annoying . I wanted them all to die . In the movie a kid gets face-hugged and I thought it was freaking hillarious!The alien and predator fighting is hard to discern . It is dark . The people who made this movie wanted you to use your imagination a lot . That , or they did n't want to spend more money making some actual decent action sequences.Another thing that ticks me off about this movie is a lot of their lines come directly from the earlier predator/alien movies . I 'm sure they would call it paying homage to these films but I think the more likely reason is they could n't come up with good original dialogue so they decided to steal it.Rather than buying it , do a youtube search for this video 's best moments . The condensed youtube clips are better than the whole movie .
 I could not believe it . This os simply one of the worst movies ever . IT 's cheap , sickening , useless . IT does not serve even as mindless fun . evn if your turn off your brain , your senses will alert you how the intentions of the producers are fake , from the absurd lack of lightning -LRB- where you ca n't see the fights -RRB- , to fast editing , through horrible `` acting '' and obnoxious directing -LRB- by two guys ! -RRB- It 's onet of the worst movies ever , where producers thought
 What in the world is going on ? Aliens crash burn in an isolated Colorado town -- this isolation is so serendipitous as the viewer later learns . A hunky Predator comes after them . What saves this movie by a hair is P 's dreads . He 's a mighty machismo other-worldly being ! Uh-uh-uuh ! A charmer to be sure what with all the special weapons he continues to pull from his body-armored suit!Pity the poor pitiful people who happenstance come face to face with the Aliens or the Predator . I was hoping Predator alone would try to make the acquaintance of at least one human as his ally . Did n't happen . He `` disappeared '' all who crossed his path.As for those skittery Aliens , what gives there ? Their birth cycle has racheted up several revolutions as Mom first `` impregnates '' a human , then Babies , make that plural , erupt -- ka-powie ! from their stomachs . Yoush ! Sickening before with John Hurt , still sickening with little boys and women ! They still do all that drippy stuff EVERYWHERE!The sheriff tries , heaven knows he tries , but he is just one mewling human against the ferocity of Aliens and a Predator . Then there are those teenagers who are so tough until they actually face the real bullies ! Bye bye bravado , hello yellow!How all this ends is a shocker , but the only way . Maybe there will never ever EVER be another battle between Aliens and one Predator on this planet . If there is , maybe they will film with a little more light . It was too dark to tell who was losing or winning ! Frankly , I favored the dude with the dreads . Go pity-pat , my heart !
 From what i could see of the movie it was laughably bad - perhaps some lighting on the set would have exposed the cheap costumes and smirks from the actors ? I was riveted to the screen - not because there was an iota of drama , intelligence or wit but just to try and make out what was going on ! The studio has got to be pretty cycnical to release such garbage technically .
 I enjoyed the first Alien vs Predator movie . This current movie made no logical sense . Predators would just automatically appear to create drama in the location of the main actors . I would compare this to Jurassic Park II . It was just a bloodbath with poor acting . It 's not worth the money watching it even once .
 Let me begin this review by explaining to those who may not know , that there are a series of very well written AVP books . The central figure is a woman named Machiko Noguchi , who works for Weyland-Yutani Corporation . The series starts off on a colony world , and long story short , much like the original AVP movie , Machiko is blooded as a Predator warrior . But where the first AVP movie made an uninspiring choice , in the AVP books , Machiko joins the predators on their hunts across the galaxy , which makes for a gripping story with her internal conflicts between her loyalty to the predators , her hatred of the aliens , and her heritage as a human . They 're really well done , and I highly recommend them :1 . Prey -LRB- Aliens Vs. Predator , Book 1 -RRB- 2 . Hunter 's Planet -LRB- Aliens Vs. Predator , Book 2 -RRB- 3 . War -LRB- Aliens Vs. Predator , Book 3 -RRB- So , given this context , I found the first AVP movie to be by far the most closely aligned with this vision of AVP , although disappointing that it stopped short of carrying through with the theme described in the novels . Not surprisingly , I found the second AVP movie -LRB- requiem -RRB- , to not only be an unfaithful extension of that theme and a complete deviation from previously understood Alien canon , but also an utter mess of a movie in general.I would rank the Alien movies as follows :1 . Aliens -LRB- ***** -RRB- 2 . Alien -LRB- ***** -RRB- 3 . AVP 1 -LRB- *** -RRB- 4 . Alien 3 -LRB- ** -RRB- 5 . Alien Resurrection -LRB- ** -RRB- 6 . AVP Requiem -LRB- * -RRB- To provide additional insight about my view of this movie , I own all previously released Alien movies , but have no intention of wasting my money on this one . Furthermore , after I 'd finished viewing this movie at the theatre , I was actually incensed as I told myself that I 'd just lost 101 minutes of my life that I could never get back.Do yourself a favor - spend some quality time with a friend or family member , go out to a nice restaurant , or read a good book -LRB- such as those I 've listed above -RRB- , but DO NOT waste some of your precious time on this Earth watching this stinker .
 If you were barely able to sit through AVP , This one is n't what you 'd expect at all . Opening night I went with all my buddies , and suprisingly it was a packed theater until 30 min into the film.This movie Lacked everything ... acting , character development , story . . it was just a CGI production show that still did n't shine at its greatest yet inconcieved moments ... These new movies will never be able to be in the same ranks as the original Predator 1-2 and Alien 1-2 series due to amatuer Directors . But thats just my opinion ... . Do n't waste your money buying it , Rent it at blockbuster or download it if your that bored .
 My biggest complaint about this poor excuse of a movie is with the directors themselves ! The Strauses ' obviously think that the viewing audience for AVP Requiem would be a bunch of ten year olds because that is the level of extremely poor film making and utter lack of imagination that was put into this poor excuse of a sequel , of an otherwise fine series . The Strauses ' just figured that if they make the entire picture so dark to the point that the viewers can not make heads or tails out of what is going on , then they have done their job . Wrong !!! I got so sick of watching the almost black picture and not being able to tell what was what that I just turned it off halfway through ! Still do n't know how it ended and I do not care !! I am just appalled that anyone cam call themselves a film maker , and then proceeds to make everything so dark that you ca n't even see the aliens or anything else for that matter ! It is just a sad testament to how far Hollywood has gone down hill . I know Spielberg is expensive , but I would n't pay the Strauses ' two cents to waste more film and insult more audience members by making them sit through another film of their handiwork ! This is just garbage of a film because `` YOU CAN `` T SEE ANYTHING !!! '' AVP Requiem = Pathetic film making at it 's finest !!!
 This movie COULDA BEEN better , though it 's worth watching for the monster scenes . The Alien and the Predator monsters are believable , and worth seeing over and over again.So GIVE US SUSTAINABLE PLOTS ! This review offers some woulda-coulda-shoulda plots , in hopes some producer or writer will see them , get the idea , and keep these monsters going with BETTER PLOTS . Since you 've got so much back-film infrastructure to work with , you save money in new productions simply by making BETTER PLOTS . The market is established . Could be a franchise of 12 or more movies , not just a few with always the same shoot-em-up boring theme.Example
 Like its predecessor , this film was not even about Aliens vs Predators . For some odd reason Paul Anderson and the Strause Brothers have felt it their duty to focus on the human characters and their backstories . Why ??? The audience already knows that most if not all of the humans are going to be Alien lunch and most importantly THE MOVIE IS N'T ABOUT THEM !!! Who cares about some small town cop driving around and saying hello to everyone ? Who cares about some highschool kid trying to get with his crush despite her idiot boyfriend getting in the way ? Who cares about some woman getting back from a deployment and having to reacquaint herself with her daughter ? WHY ARE WE BEING SUBJECTED TO CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT ON CHARACTERS WE DO NOT CARE ABOUT ? I ask these questions because this is what we get to watch for a third of the movie.Spoilers : Once we get to see the Predator -LRB- the directors decided to only put one in the movie -RRB- he is essentially cleaning up the mess that the Aliens left behind . So he spends 20 minutes of the film literally cleaning crap up . Once he finally encounters the Aliens they fight and fight and fight . The humans get in the way and quickly die -LRB- luckily we knew their backstory -RRB- then a nuclear bomb gets dropped on the town . The end.The fight scenes are shot really quickly and in very dark settings so you can barely interpret who is doing what . And since there is only one Predator all you get are quick fights with no real epic battle . The final Predator/Predalien fight is anti-climactic due to once again the camera shots being too quick and placed in too dark a setting.Put your money towards Alien/Aliens BLU-RAY and watch them back to back . You will be glad you did .
 I 've given this movie three tries to win me over . I watched it all the way through the first time , and thought it was horrible . I figured it had to be better than I remembered , so I tried two more times . Could n't make it past 10 or 15 minutes in those times . It 's not even `` so bad it 's good . '' It 's just plain godawful .
 Ok , as far as a review I have to agree that this movie did n't have the best acting or character development -LRB- CD -RRB- but honestly ... I am not watching Aliens , Predator , or AvP films for deep discussion or CD . I 'm watching them for their guilty pleasure action value . This film has that in spades and it is failthful to both genres -LRB- A and P -RRB- with the portayal of the ` beasts ' down to looks and sound effects.I bought this fancy version of the film looking forward to the additional footage . I knew what to expect considering the reviews I have read and also having seen the additional footage at a friend 's house on his disc . However , when I got my Blu-ray and watched the unrated version , the scene where Jessie is bisected by the predator 's disc has been changed so that it 's the same scene in both versions of the film ! She gets pinned to the wall and that 's it . Her lower half DOES NOT fall off/separate from her upper half in the theater or unrated versions of the film on my disc.I know that I saw this with my own eyes previously at my friend 's house because it jumped off the screen at me as a big change to the scene and made the kid 's rage even more understandable ... considering he was crushing on her ... HARD . Anyway , I have also read about that scene in countless reviews so I know I did n't dream it up . Will someone please help me unravel this mystery ?! Because this disc is defective or worse ... edited by some conservative anti-violence censor I have to rate this low as I bought this special version soley to have the option to watch the theatrical release and the longer ... more hard-core unrated version which I saw at a friend 's house . Why is this scene altered ? I do n't feel like I got my money 's worth . What gives here ?!?!?!
 Like its 2004 predecessor , 2007 's `` Aliens vs. Predator
 Question
 Let me begin this review by explaining to those who may not know , that there are a series of very well written AVP books . The central figure is a woman named Machiko Noguchi , who works for Weyland-Yutani Corporation . The series starts off on a colony world , and long story short , much like the original AVP movie , Machiko is blooded as a Predator warrior . But where the first AVP movie made an uninspiring choice , in the AVP books , Machiko joins the predators on their hunts across the galaxy , which makes for a gripping story with her internal conflicts between her loyalty to the predators , her hatred of the aliens , and her heritage as a human . They 're really well done , and I highly recommend them :1 . Prey -LRB- Aliens Vs. Predator , Book 1 -RRB- 2 . Hunter 's Planet -LRB- Aliens Vs. Predator , Book 2 -RRB- 3 . War -LRB- Aliens Vs. Predator , Book 3 -RRB- So , given this context , I found the first AVP movie to be by far the most closely aligned with this vision of AVP , although disappointing that it stopped short of carrying through with the theme described in the novels . Not surprisingly , I found the second AVP movie -LRB- requiem -RRB- , to not only be an unfaithful extension of that theme and a complete deviation from previously understood Alien canon , but also an utter mess of a movie in general.I would rank the Alien movies as follows :1 . Aliens -LRB- ***** -RRB- 2 . Alien -LRB- ***** -RRB- 3 . AVP 1 -LRB- *** -RRB- 4 . Alien 3 -LRB- ** -RRB- 5 . Alien Resurrection -LRB- ** -RRB- 6 . AVP Requiem -LRB- * -RRB- To provide additional insight about my view of this movie , I own all previously released Alien movies , but have no intention of wasting my money on this one . Furthermore , after I 'd finished viewing this movie at the theatre , I was actually incensed as I told myself that I 'd just lost 101 minutes of my life that I could never get back.Do yourself a favor - spend some quality time with a friend or family member , go out to a nice restaurant , or read a good book -LRB- such as those I 've listed above -RRB- , but DO NOT waste some of your precious time on this Earth watching this stinker .
 More of the same , as the first AvP.It 's a rental at best .
 Loathsome , boring and stupid crud that does not even achieve Z movie status.Have I mentioned the fact that this insult to our intelligence is despicable?A lame attempt at edginess which only succeeds in pounding a long overdue stake through both zombie-like and increasingly unprofitable franchises - and I must gloat.Finally put them out of their misery , fools . And us!Except for some ridiculously brief glimpses of the Predators ' technology and home planet - which are imaginatively conceived but ineptly lit , shot and edited - and one long shot of their crashed ship , there is NOTHING worth seeing in this thing.As for the repulsive hospital sequence
 An earlier Tom Selleck movie ; long winded and boring ; you 'll enjoy Quigley , Crossfire Trail and Monte Walsh much better .
 Howdy , After I read the book `` The Shadow Riders '' from Louis L'Amour I had to have this movie.But what a disappointment!Only about 30 % of the movie content follows the book.I will never understand how these movie makers destroy good stories.I love watching western movies and I collect them -LRB- have abt . 100 now -RRB- . In this movie most of the characters act like they are having fun witheverything . Not once did I see the real concern about those kidnappedpeople . The whole thing just looks to clean and like a Sunday picnic.Why the hell did they have to bust out Happy Jack Traven -LRB- Black Jack -RRB- ofjail ? Instead of adding dubios action scenes , they should have just stuckwith the book and we would be able to see a 5 star movie . Too bad !!! I gave two stars , because I love Ben Johnson and Tom Selleck.Wil
 I 'm a Selleck fan and hold Elliot to be a close second in the realm of movie and TV cowboys . And I think that Ross is about as sweet as eye candy can get . But , try as they all might , they just ca n't get this horse to go.The plot is ludicrous , the pace is incredibily uneven , the bad guys are caricatures , and , worst of all , this viewer just did n't care if any of the characters lived or died . Actually , if they had died , the whole thing would have sooner come to a merciful end.Selleck is OK , Elliot scowls a lot , and -LRB- forgive me -RRB- Ross does the worst acting of a commendable career.As others have said -- see Monte Walsh or Riders of the Purple Sage . Just shoot his horse .
 First off , I love westerns , whether on film or paper . Plus I 'm a great fan of Louis L'Amour . So I was disappointed with this adaptation of one of his best stories . Although the basic plot starts off somewhat close to the book , by the middle of the movie it 's strayed off so far as to not be recognizable . So hampered by that , I found The Shadow Riders to be lacking not only as a adaptation but as a western as well.With a strong cast , inluding Tom Selleck , Sam Elliott , Katherine Ross , Ben Johnson , and R. G. Armstrong , to name a few , this could have been so much better . But being a `` Made for TV '' movie it was watered down from the start . Parts that should have been intense became almost tongue-in-cheek , the villians were almost comical in their characterizations , and the plot suffered because of it . At times it was almost like you were watching a comedy instead of what should have been a dark and intense film about a family trying to rescue their children before they 're sold off into slavery in Mexico.And that is where the problems lies . The film makers NEVER took the plot seriously and it shows in the acting , especially with Selleck . Watching him here all I can see is Magnum PI on a horse . When you see him in later westerns , such asMonte Walsh , Last Stand At Saber River , or evenQuigley Down Underyou see performances that make you forget who is playing the role . Not here.There may be a couple of good moments but they are few and far between . I would recommend buying this only if you are rounding out some sort of western collection . Otherwise , do n't bother .
 I was totally unimpressed with this movie . I am a huge L'Amour fan , but the movie that resulted was slow and boring .
 I 'm sorry to have to say this movie was slow moving & boring at times . The story line was good , but not filled in with enough action , as you would expect a western to have . I think this story would have been better served as a hour TV special , removing all the useless parts that made it boring at times . This review is not against the actors , they did a good job with what they had ... they did n't have much to work with is all . Buy another Tom Selleck western , he has made many other good ones . Quigley Down Under ... one of his best !
 I was caught up in the advertising hype which mentioned `` Lonesome Dove `` and I thought it was a sequel by the same author , not Louis Lamour .
 I like both Selleck and Elliot in most of their westerns , but this is the exception that makes the rule . It does have its moments , particularly , in the final showdown . But , for the most part , it plods along with terrible dialog , huge lapses in logistical logic , and a ridiculous musical score that must have been barrowed from anything but a western . I ca n't blame the actors since they had to contend with a script that seemed like a 12 year old had written . Rent this or , better yet , Tivo it when it 's on the late , late , late movie where it belongs . If the prequel , ` The Sacketts , ' is anything like this dog , I 'll have to pass on it .
 This is one which I did not even get to see . it is described as an all-regions DVD but is probably an Region 1 coded DVD . If you are outside the USA and Canada , do n't make the mistake of buying this one unless you have a multi-regions player . I 'll see it once I get a muti-regions player .
 Good westerns are hard to find these days and this one is as bad as they get . Riders of the Purple Sage -LRB- 1996 -RRB- with Ed Harris is for instance , much , much better ; also Open Range which should be released soon on DVD .
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen !!!!! I Save your money .
 This is the movie that soured Louis L'Amour on Hollywood . According to an interview , L'Amour so wished that they would have the screenplay follow his stories . This movie does n't come close and suffers for it.The book was pure Western drama , while the film is tongue in cheek humor.One of the best characters in the book is no where to be found in the move , that being Kate 's uncle . He is incredibly interesting in the book , and is the reason the girls never are taken from the shore as they are in the movie.Kate 's character is strong in the movie , but much stronger and more plausible in the book . Lastly , Uncle Jack is made into a scalawag in the movie , while in the book is much more a true uncle.The movie does have a great cast , exceptional costuming , and some funny one liners , but if you have read the book you will find the movie very disappointing .
 This review is not regarding the actual film itself , but rather the poor quality of this DVD release.The transfer used on this `` 25th Anniversary Edition '' DVD is of VHS quality . The colors are extremely dull and washed out , and it 's clear that the print did not come from a film source.This is quite surprising considering the transfer used on the Trimark DVD released way back in 1998 did come from a good looking film print ! That is still the version to get if you 're seeking the best looking transfer available on DVD.The 5.1 audio mix used is also quite generic . It has no extra depth over the original 2.0 mix , and even sounds `` tinny '' in a fake sort of way.They 've also shoved all of the bonus material onto a single-layer disc , and thus compression artifacts are often very noticeable.The bonus features on the disc are interesting , but nothing to scream home about . And you can find all of these features on the previous `` Collector 's Edition '' that this same DVD studio released in 2005 .
 I purchased this DVD and just finished watching it . It not often you can go wrong with either Tom Selleck or Sam Elliott . Well this is one case where the directing and the script was so poor that even these two could n't pull it off . When everyone stinks , it is appropriate to blame the director . The acting by Selleck , Elliot , and the venerable Ben Johnson -- was stilted and put on . At the end it struck me that I had been watching an extended version of Dukes of Hazzard , but without cars . Unless you have the opportunity to see this film first , I would highly recommend you not risk your money on it . If you have seen it and this is your cup of tea , then by all means go for it . To each his own .
 If you can enjoy this production you 've got too much time on your hands - get out and discover the world and life God created for you.Tom Selleck and Sam Elliot are not expected to act in the movie , just be . Elliot is supposed to bowl over the women by his mere presence and phony , deeply-intoned half-hillbilly voice . Selleck is like a walking Gentleman 's Quarterly cover . This is one of those productions made to give certain actors a format to be seen rather than a format in which to labor to give the audience something of enduring value . The plot is credible but the execution of the story-line is for morons . For example , Selleck and Elliot sneaking up on alert sentries from behind ; breaking Ben Johnson out of jail and the guards arriving just a moment too late to intervene . This is drivel for imbeciles . Look elsewhere for entertainment . This production should be relegated to the ash bin of history .
 The screenshot shudders everytime a new subtitles comes on screen , or every few seconds . Gave me a massive headache after about 10 minutes . No problems without subtitles . Poor production I suppose .
 This film seems to want to have it both ways - offering the premise that not all disability is disposable - just Sampedro 's . An incredible amount of talent and creativity went into a film that pays homage to ... well , plainly put - a man that was too petulant to live . The movie presents Ramon Sampedro - a talented , intelligent and articulate man as someone who ultimately proves to be a self-pitying whiner.It was not that he was not capable of living a life of accomplishment and satisfaction - he simply refused to . Despite the acclaim and admiration that his writing had brought to him , despite the devotion of those around him that loved and cared for him , Sampedro seems a bit like the child who gathers his marbles up from the playground and marches home because someone had n't played by his rules . -LRB- Refusing a wheelchair ? C'mon ! -RRB- Granted , the stress , humiliation and despair of being a quadriplegic can not be minimalized nor discounted . However , giving up on what you may have once hoped your life would be for what it ultimately becomes proves to be difficult for all of us - no matter what the size or nature of our own personal challenges . -LRB- Oddly enough the very limitations that he views as untenable are most likely the factors that pushed him to reach inside himself and find a voice that brought him such attention and celebrity . Imagine the platform that was his ... and was thrown away -RRB- Yes , yes - allow the man to end his life if he is incapable of recognizing the gift that he squandered ; let us be done with him if he so chooses . We should not , however , celebrate his cowardice - the easy out - this foolish waste of something precious . What an insult this film seems to those who struggle quietly everyday with half the talents , abilities or the emotional resources of devoted family and friends that were at Sampedro 's disposal . Those gifts for which others could only envy , Sampedro discarded in self-indulgent and careless abandon . The joys that others could only dream about , he chose to reject.It would be better instead for us to triumph with Stephen Hawking -LRB- `` Brief History of Time '' -RRB- , Christy Brown -LRB- `` My Left Foot '' -RRB- or Helen Keller -LRB- `` The Miracle Worker '' -RRB- - each of whom had to face the equal of the challenges that Sampedro faced , but did not cower in resignation or mawkish self-absorption . Instead they rose above the limitations -LRB- those imposed on them either by themselves or those around them -RRB- and made all our lives better for their struggle .
 If you revere life , it is hard not to find this movie infuriating.The story
 What a terrible year for the disabled ! Especially after a T.V. movie of the week type dishonest mediocrity like `` Million Dollar Baby '' cleaned up at the oscars . Before it was Planned Parenthood showing up at the oscars for an equally shoddy and purely politically self-serving `` Cider House Rules . '' I was almost expecting the Hemlock Society at this years awards.I suppose the irony that the script never would have come to be if someone had killed him like he wanted requires too much insight and intelligence ?! While people are certainly entitled to have views opposing to mine , the incredibly biased term `` death with dignity ' '' all too much bullies and preempts `` discussion . '' -LRB- However what is dignified about putting a bag over someone 's head or starving and dehydrating them to death is beyond me ! Or even the repellant and feeble minded cowardice involved in refusing the kind of suicide prevention counseling support we are ethically obliged to offer the healthy and able bodied . -RRB- It is sad that cinema seems to have no more artistic expression to offer ; only nazi era politicized propaganda .
 I bought this as a way to practice some of my flamenco work . I should be teaching her . Wow , this was some of the worst technique I have ever seen in flamenco dancer with her waving of the arms , or whatever it was . Hope she dances better than she teaches .
 I ordered two DVDs by this dancer . One locked up entirely so that it could not be played . The other played a bit but skipped and froze as well . Very poor quality DVDs and amateurish content . A waste of money !
 Double Vision was Taiwan 's most expensive production ever -LRB- at just over a million bucks -RRB- and directed by Chen Kuo-fu , who did the wonderfully quirky The Personals . This is basically a clone of Se7en with a supernatural twist and a marketable Hollywood almost-star David Morse . Sadly , all that effort only goes to prove that Taiwan is just as capable of making soulless cinematic knockoffs as well as Hollywood . This film combines a muddled script filled with cring-inducing dialogues , plus indecisive direction and mostly stiff acting into a mess with a high production value . It tried very hard to be very moody , but only ends up being manipulative and unsubtle . Worst of all is that awful ending , with its sappy message spelled out literally for all audience to see . Argh , it makes me embarrassed to be a Taiwanese ex-pat . Truth be told , the story is actually kind of interesting , and the film could have been somewhat enjoyable if it was n't executed without any care for plausibility and so much care for melodrama . BTW , can someone tell me how David Morse can walk into a room and dig up the precise piece of evidence without knowing where to look ?
 This movie is supposed to be great . Headed by outstanding and proven casts such as Tony Leung , David Morse and Rene Liu , it simply could n't go wrong . For Asian standard , this production is rendered as sleek and cohesive but for Western standard , it is a slightly off the mark . However , the production value in Asia has certainly come a long way and it bounds to improve further . The movie started off with several people been killed off in different forms and then , Taiwanese authority has to eat the humble pie and proclaimed that with limited technology and detective skills to deal with such a complex case -LRB- s -RRB- , it sought assistance of FBI . Thus , the unlikely pairing of two authority figures of very different cultural backgrounds . Naturally , there are conflicts but through time working together , both start to respect one another 's dedication to their professionand we gradually come to understand that their dedication comes at a great personal cost . As this is an Asian case , it is up to the viewers to decide if science should reign or that paranormal supernatural power rules . The production team endeavours to create a tense atmosphere and to a certain extent , it works . To simplify the description of this movie , it is a mismatches of Seven -LRB- going through several sins -RRB- and X-Files -LRB- particularly with Mulder having to deal with his personal ghost -RRB- . Overall , a rather good effort but somehow , it 's lacking of the X factor to make it standing out from the crowd . Watchable .
 DOUBLE VISION -LSB- Shuang Tong -RSB- -LRB- Taiwan - 2002 -RRB- Aspect ratio
 I watched 3 minutes of it & threw it in a dumpster , the sync was even bad , it was out if sync , DO N'T WASTE UR MONEY ON THIS DVD
 So I bought this film soley on the fact that David Morse was involved . And though my love for David is great it was not enough to overcome the fact that this film is horrible . I found it slow and for a horror , I must have blinked when the scares were taking place for there were no chills to be had . The best scare was the worst moment in the film but I do n't want to give anything away to those who might want to give it a try . If you do n't mind wasting $ 4 on a movie give it a go .
 i was excited to see this movie because i 'm a fan of clea duvall . her performances in girl , interrupted and but i 'm a cheerleader were wonderful . but this movie lacked something . or maybe some things would be more accurate . it seemed like a predictable storyline was taken and then a bunch of random odds and ends were thrown in to `` complicate '' the story and give it meaning . however , these scenes and pieces of information merely served as useless and annoying deviations from an already dull movie . the cinematograpy was good , but it did n't make up for the movie 's shortcomings .
 I went out and bought this video based on reviews I 'd read here and was overwhelmingly disappointed . I painfully sat through this entire movie waiting , hoping , praying for something interesting to happen , but unfortunately , IT NEVER DID . It started out slow and pretty much dragged on at the same pace thoughout . The characters were boring and devoid of any real substance . The interaction between Clea DuVall -LRB- Cally -RRB- who by the way was great in `` But I 'm a Cheerleader '' and Daryl Hannah -LRB- Sabine -RRB- , was confusing as to what the real attraction was between them , so instead you got a lot of mindless dialogue . I love Daryl Hannah and I thought Eric Roberts was superb in `` Its My Party '' but not even they could do justice to this very bad movie . Since I ca n't get my money back , if anyone 's looking for a used VHS copy , I seem to have one available !!
 Do n't waste your time or money . This movie is plain flat boring . I wish I could get my money back !
 This movie was so horrible that I feel it would be morally wrong for me to withhold my opinion of it . It made me feel that it is my duty to inform the public of how atrocious it is . The acting of Daryl Hannah was pathetically dramatic . She gave the impression of a combination of helplessness and wanting to seduce everything that she was confronted with . Acting was dry . I felt bad for Clea DuVall . I pictured her thinking , `` Why am I doing this horrible movie . '' The script was random and fake . Scenes that had absolutely no relevance appeared out of nowhere . There was some nice cinematography , but that does n't make the film worth watching . Do n't waste your time !
 Wildflowers is about 17-year-old Cally 's search for her past . She was raised on a commune by hippies in the 1960 's -LRB- the movie is set in 1985 -RRB- , and now she lives with her father . She 's been told little about her mother , except that she had to leave Cally and her father because she got in trouble for her political activities . Cally becomes convinced that the woman she meets in San Francisco -LRB- Daryl Hannah -RRB- is her mother , and she tries to become friends with the woman . As she learns more about the woman and her father , she also begins to understand herself better . The story is simple and straight forward , and the style and acting are extremely low-key . Although the movie is not great by any standards , it is fairly likeable . Look fast for a quick appearance by Blue 's Traveller . Overall , a very average small-budget film .
 I just saw this movie last night and was captivated enough to stay up until midnight on a weekday . It was visually beautiful , so much so that it 's almost a fantasy . People live on boats , have gorgeous furniture and willowy , gauzy clothing , hang out in coffee shops , read poems in an eclectic bookstore and do n't seem to have real jobs , responsibilities or school . Clea DuVall is excellent but as a 17 year-old you would think her dad might be more worried when she stays out all night and does n't come home for days . No one else mentioned that Eric Roberts -LRB- who is gorgeous and about 20 + yrs . older than her -RRB- has an intimate encounter w/her - did this bother anyone else but me ? This is one of those movies you get lost in because it 's so wonderfully unrealistic and you dream about life being that carefree and beautiful ... then the dog barks , the phone rings , your kids start fighting , etc. . Why ca n't we all sleep on the ocean beach , hike in beautiful deserted pastures in CA , sleep with gorgeous older men , have a fascinating hip mom to get drunk with ? It kind of left me unsatisfied with my existence , but that 's another story ...
 This film gave me the feeling that it could have been both good and interesting if it had beendone by someone with a pulse . The acting talent is there and the story seemed like it could have been interesting , but this film is slow and boring . Each scene seems to go on endlessly . Each plot point is unendingly belabored . There are numerous inexplicable scenes which only serve to muddle up the story line further . By the time the film moves from one plot point to another you 've nearly forgotten what came before . This film left me scratching my head trying to figure out what happened . Completely forgettable . Forget it .
 It 's not very often that I eagerly anticipate a Dolph Lundgren film , but `` Command Performance '' was an exception . Granted , other than that it would feature Dolph exercising his little-known talent of drumming for the first time on film , the movie did n't promote itself as anything particularly out-of-the-ordinary -LRB- with the possible exception that it promised a showdown between Lundgren and Dave ` Fenrir Greyback ' Legeno of the later `` Harry Potter '' films -RRB- , but the general expectations regarding this film were surprisingly high in the DTV realm . I expected director Dolph to deliver something unexpected and explosive - perhaps even something to redefine himself as an action hero - so I fully admit that the major disappointment I suffered while watching this film is solely my fault ... but that does n't make this film any less boring.The story
 This is one of the worst movies that I 've seen in a long time . I was rooting for it to be over . Why is it so bad ? Before I answer that let me briefly give you the plot : A Shaolin monk comes to New York to raise his nephew after his brother and wife were killed in some accident . A pretty , young social worker helps him to make the transition as he is a fish out of water . A former student of the monk 's convinces him to open up a school and then the monk ends up in a variety of fights , most brought on by his friend who is in deep with a loan shark , and fights some nutcase in a backroom warehouse in order to save his pupils.Now back to why it 's so bad . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The acting is stultifyingly horrendous and even painful to watch at times . The only people who get a `` pass '' , barely , on the acting front are the attractive social worker -LRB- played by Kristen Dougherty -RRB- and the postal delivery officer who is on screen all of 30 seconds . Sometimes the acting is so bad it 's funny . Here , it is simply so bad it hurts . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The fight choreography leaves a lot , and I mean a whole lot , to be desired . It is obvious that our lead , Peng Zhang Li , is himself an actual martial artist but he seriously lacks charisma and his talent does n't translate to the screen in this effort . Also , there are several groan inducing instances where he could have been slashed to death as fighters waited their turn as he beats up their comrades before they step in to get beat up . How kind of them . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Blech ! The `` romance '' ! Li 's nephew 's social worker falls for him and it does n't feel real in the least . Within the first ten minutes of the movie I told my wife , `` They better not put these two together . They do n't fit . '' But of course they did . -LRB- 4 -RRB- It would be kind to say that the direction lacks crispness and that the script lacks polish . I 'll leave it at that.So why did n't I give this a one star as so many others -LRB- rightfully -RRB- have ? Maybe because the derivative plot -LRB- that 's really not a criticism when it comes to a kung fu movie -RRB- tries to overreach and I can appreciate that . Maybe because it tries to channel Jackie Chan and `` Bloodsport '' . Maybe because in one fight scene in a warehouse with lots and lots -LRB- and I mean lots -RRB- of big , empty cardboard boxes and a forklift there was a moment that made me recall a bit of `` Rumble In the Bronx '' . Maybe because , though it is a lousy movie , it 's not entirely unwatchable . Maybe . My advice to you if you have n't seen it yet but have determined to watch it for some reason after reading this review ? Invite some friends over for a party and have fun mocking the movie . Turn the volume off and pick characters and put words in their mouths . Do this and you 'll thank me . Otherwise , do n't say that I did n't warn you .
 Totally agree with one star ranking . In fact , people should get a refund . Lead actor is wooden , support actors look like students , back ground sets are poor ; kung action are much better in OTHER movies ... skip this one !!!!
 THE LAST KUNG FU MONK -LRB- a/k/a THE LAST KUNG FU MAN , 2010 , writ . / dir/starring Peng Zhang Li -RRB- brought to you by the same hucksters who did 2009 's THE MAN FROM SHAOLIN . Let me begin by saying there is no excuse on earth for something this rotten and misleading . Before going on to peruse the other two reviews of this , I am writing my own WARNING
 Simplistic plot , poor acting , even poorer directing . This film is a disgrace to all Chinese ; this film should never have been made .
 Terrible acting and story.Never went far enough into to finish it.Had a hopeful story line but you could n't sit through it .
 Poor quality . Terrible actors or parts?Could not bear to watch another secondof the movie without pulling my hair if you know what i mean .
 We rented this movie ... because the cover looks good ... well NEVER judge a book by its cover sure tag this well . The flick is BAD , BAD , BAD , BAD period . How can anyone rate this flick with a five stars ! They must be watching a different movie . Do not be fooled ! Read all the 1 star reviewers ... . they hit the nail on the head . I have seen bad movies , but this one is the worst . We shut it off after the fight in the restaurant ... just BAD , BAD , BAD ...
 I have watched my share of bad movies.I confess to a wide tolerance for bad movies . Especially when it has a Kung Fu theme.However , this movies BLOWS.It sucks so massively I am nearly at a loss of words to describe the suck-age that is this movie.Bad acting . Terrible dialogue . Stilted performance . Very bad choreography in the fight scenes.Almost any other Kung Fu movie is better by an order of 10x . I 'm including all of those 1970 's Saturday afternoon matinee fodder ... A better movie ? Any one of the recent Yip Man movies ...
 I have never written a review , but I figure I 'd better warn those hardcore action movie enthusiast . It 's just all wrong . It 's a chick flick disguised as an action movie . Other than the few flashback clips , there is nothing that would convince me that this guy really is or has ever been a monk.Pretty decent martial arts choreography at times , but that 's where the talent ends -LRB- I guess that 's why I fell asleep twice 15 min into the movie -RRB- . The rest was just a big disappointment , Silly and awful acting , Very long and boring periods between the action . Terrible script . It seems like they played the same crappy background music through the whole film , it 's more like a martial arts soap opera , If I had a choice of watching this movie again , or having my toenails ripped from my flesh , I 'd opt for the latter .
 Wow . While I do n't mind some scenes of a wild-eyed innocent in the big city struggling with umbrellas etc. ... the main character in this movie struggles with just about everything . His one skill is to yell `` Stop '' whenever he is ready to intervene when someone is being abused farther than he can stomach -LRB- and he lets it go on for awhile -RRB- . Based from what we can gather in this flick ... monks can not wake up in time to see their ward off to school , wash clothes , pick up dirty dishes , relate to others and their favorite thing to make for dinner is a phone call to carry out.The fight scenes are nothing special and the plot is horrific to match the `` acting '' . Each scene ends in a fade out so the new one can start -LRB- monks ca n't direct I guess either . My favorite unbeleivable plot lines stems from the female lead -LRB- `` I quit my job with social services so I can help raise this pre-teen with this guy who ca n't even look me in the eye so I know he loves me although he comes from a culture where they do n't interact with women and we wo n't need money once his school takes off that his idiot friend is in deep to some kind of gang for '' . -RRB- You can pass on this ... or buy my copy .
 Other than some okay fight scenes and attractive females , this movie is pretty predictable and poorly acted . It lead me to fast forward to fight scenes and finished the movie in about 30 more minutes after the first 30 minutes of `` sheesh , I 'm watching this why ? ''
 Sub-par story/script . Lead roles were blah . Kung Fu action scenes were OK . Flashbacks to monk period seemed disconnected from present day story ??
 I really feel like the director attempted to do a good job but had no prior experience . Most of the scenes seem like they were cut off midway in between the conversation . Plus several scenes seem forced as if the character had no purpose to actually be there talking . There were a few scenes that just did not need to exist . The acting was terrible but I believe that was in part due to poor directing . I just think the director was in over their head not knowing how to get the right amount of emotion from his actors to create the right feeling or mood from the scenes . A very interesting film but all together just awful . Great film to see so you know what not to do when attempting to direct the filming of a movie .
 Remember the really bad singer laughably thinking they are a talented good singer on American idol ? Well you get the idea ...
 What happens when you rip-off the plot of the Warriors and combine it with a future world and cruddy kung-fu action scenes ? You get the Purifiers ; an even more cruddy allegory about a street gang who performs good moral services that becomes the target of every other street gang under the order of Moses -LRB- Kevin McKidd of Trainspotting and HBO 's Rome -RRB- who is basically this movie 's version of Cyrus from the Warriors , only he does n't die in the beginning . Moses has his sights set on Purifiers leader John -LRB- Gordon Alexander , who also did the fight choreography -RRB- since the both of them have a past together , or something like that . The saddest part of the Purifiers is that it seemed like there was an actual interesting -LRB- somewhat -RRB- story to tell here , but it all gets lost in the mix of annoying quick-cut editing , terrible acting , atrocious dialogue , and lame slow motion fight sequences that we 've seen thousands of times before , and done much better as well . If the film has one thing going for it , it 's that it 's a low budget movie , yet it does n't always look that way . That aside , there 's nothing else redeeming about the Purifiers one bit . Lord of the Rings and Lost star Dominic Monaghan appears on the cover of the DVD , and he 's in it as well , but he 's not the main attraction here -LRB- and appears to sleepwalk throughout much of the running time -RRB- , so even his fans will be disappointed .
 Ok , You tend to get films where you watch them and you get so in to the movie that you dont realise where the time went ... how I wish this was one of those films . This is one of those absolutely terrible films where you wish you could reclaim the last 2 hours of your life so that you could waste it on something much more productive like watching paint dry.First of all the script is so predictable that all of us managed to guess what the actors were going to say before they said it . The script is about as complex and thrilling as spitting chewing gum out in the street.Ok , now that we have established that the film is terrible and the script is a complete waste of paper and ink I shall move on to the fight scenes.Considering that this film uses martial artist with absolutely amazing abilities Ashley Beck , Shane Steyn , Chris Jones and Silvio Symac to name a few , it just really lets you down when the fight scenes do not involve these skills to be shown . Instead the fight scenes are totally unbelievable with a chubby biker chick in a white pvc outfit back handing a man and woman about a field . If you are lucky enough to be treated to a nice bit of kicking the director decides not keep the shot wide enough or at the right angle so that you may view the grace of the martial artists.As one fellow reviewer stated this is a B-movie , however I believe that even B-movies would be ashamed of this film . The budget to this film makes Xena Warrior Princess look like it had the budget of Lord of the Rings.This film fails where Kickboxer 4 somehow managed to get a few things right . If the director and editor were not laughed out of this business then it proves the World is not fair.There are two reasons why you should buy this film : -1 . You wish to laugh yourself to death with the bad acting .2 . You wish to use the DVD as a shiny mug stopper when you realise you just wasted your money.Overall I would give this film 0 out 5 however I have to select 1 . My opinion ... dont waste your life and paint that wall that your parents want doing .
 `` The Purifiers '' is one of several bosom projects of director/writer/producer Richard Jobson -LRB- 16 Years of Alcohol -RRB- , but as far as I know , it 's the only martial arts-themed film he 's done . Ambitious beyond its presumably meager budget , it 's practically a retelling ofThe Warriorswith a cast comprised almost entirely of promising young superkickers and is , without a doubt , one of the artsy-est karate pictures I have ever seen . It seems to have gained some notoriety in small circles on the internet , some of which is exaggerated but that 's not to say the movie does n't have overbearing faults . I do n't know whether this one will fill a niche for anyone , but I can definitely see why it never made the mainstream.The story
 Can not believe I bought this , watched about half of title , could n't take it any more , removed it from my DVD player , and right into the trash can.Don ' t waste your money
 Yep this film sucks . Saw this at Cannes two years ago and was bored rigid by the whole affair.Whilst the idea is okay , it feels little more than a cheap , poorly made remake of the far better ` The Warriors ' . Gordon Alexander -LRB- the real star of the film -RRB- , Brandan Carr , Cecily Faye and Jamie Choo are all superb if all under used where as Chris Jones , Silvio Symac and Shane Steyn -LRB- as well as many other great UK action stars -RRB- are pushed aside for the less talented Monaghan.What bugged me the most was the over use of sloooooowwwww mooootioooon for EVERY fight.Jobson , former rock icon and solid director in his own right , is well out of his depth here and generally does a really bad job of making a poor film better.Please avoid . It may make them Stop them making pap like this .
 The Purifiers -LRB- John , Sol , Raz , Li , Frances ... the other girl -RRB- have all been invited to a meeting held by the powerful Moses , played by Kevin McKidd -LRB- Dog Soldiers -RRB- who wants all the `` kung-fu '' gangs to join with him in changing new ways but if any of them dont want to join they have to leave quietly plus their in deep shiznot for not joining and will be either killed or get their asses kicked ... so , that 's what The Purifiers do , they leave because their leader John doesnt want this new change and what happens next was interesting because it looked like it was going to be a modern day THE WARRIORS , WHICH IT WASNT !!! Which is wasnt , it had some things , like `` We have to make it to the station to get back '' and they have some weird gang names like The Wolves and others I dont remember ... I do remember the shiny crosses on t-shirts on that one gang but seriously what was with the frickin ' slow motion fighting ... this isnt Power Rangers and that 's what the fight sequences looked like oh and we can thank Mr. Gordon Alexander -LRB- Pure Vengeance -RRB- for that ... I 'm not . Dominic Monaghan -LRB- Tv 's LOST . . watch him in this show . . he 's much better -RRB- betrays his own people , wow , too bad he wasnt a drug addict in here , that would of been fun ... betraying his friends for drugs . Kevin McKidd , he 's alright but he fights like a pansy . Rachel Grant -LRB- Die Another Day -RRB- and Amber Sainsbury -LRB- Channelling Baby , `` Hex '' -RRB- are just eye candy ... that other girl wasnt that good looking . I wanted a gang to rev up an engine and say `` Purifiers ... come out to playeyay !! '' , that 's already been done -LRB- THE WARRIORS !!!!! -RRB- but it would of been funny if they did it .
 This a poor copy of `` The Warriors , '' which was quite interesting many years ago.How dare these people to misuse such remarkable athletic talent ? They even have one of the best female Karate champs in the world doing her thing to no avail.As a martial arts movie , this thing fails miserably . As an action flick it is far below the worst of Hong-Kong products.Do not buy it , do not rent it , stay away from this boring , slow , idiotic piece of garbage .
 I liked the first two seasons of &#34; The Commander &#34; but as the series roled on , Amanda Burton seems to play her part with more disdain . She seems pretentious . I 've come to dislike her character . It could be the writing , or the director or the actress . I just seem to dislike her more and more . I do n't know too many people who would like this woman , if she were real .
 I ca N'T WATCH this as my equipment does n't have the capacity for streaming . I loved Seasons 1 and 2 . I thought I was buying the actual DVD .
 1 Disc Widescreen , released June 29 , 2010 `` It Came From Kuchar '' is a documentary film by Jennifer M. Kroot about filmmaking twins George and Mike Kuchar . The brothers are famous for creating crazy , no-budget underground movies from cheap video cameras and making stars out of their friends and family in the 1950s , 1960s , and beyond with their B-movies . They still make films today in their old style working on diaries , personal films , and films for class . Not only do they create , but they teach . As a professor , George Kuchar still inspires new film students today with this inventiveness and speedy cranking out of films . The Kuchars were the so-called `` Mozarts of 8mm cinema '' in their day and created such gems as `` I Was a Teenage Rumpot '' , `` Sins of the Fleshapoids '' , and `` Hold Me When I `` m Naked . `` The twins were identical even though they do not look alike as much as they used to . When the camera cuts back and forth from them quickly while they are telling stories , they sound exactly the same and have distinctive matching Bronx accents.This film really covers their history of how they got into filmwork , what specifically inspired their stories and techniques , and how their popularity grew . They started out making films together but eventually split apart and began new types of projects on their own , not because they were fighting , but because they had so many films in their heads to make and different lines along which they wanted to create them . Each had a unique style with recurring themes.Not only were the brothers prevalent in sci-fi horror genre , but several of their films dealt with exploring sexuality , even if that means with a gorilla . Much of the acting can range from realism to more often being melodramatic and overly strange with the added on eyebrows , makeup , masks , and silly costumes . They paved the way for generations to come by putting no restrictions on their creativity and their ingenious tactics for working without a budget.This is an interesting documentary for future filmmakers and people who just love seeing this type of far out imaginative material.Bonus Features : There is audio commentary with the Kuchar brothers and director Jennifer M. Kroot where you can enjoy more ramblings from their Bronx accents as they talk about where ideas came from and why they did certain specific things in the film clips being shown while they watch.There is also 48 minutes of 28 deleted/extended scenes to get even more background on the wealth of film created by George and Mike Kuchar and would be fantastic for study for amateur film students who are inspired by and want to piggyback off these types of B sci-fi/horror movies . More of their films are brought up like `` Portrait of Ramona '' and `` Prescription in Blue '' among others.Two months before the premiere of `` It Came From Kuchar '' , an underground film contest `` It Came From You ! '' was held for the chance to be featured at the screening and on this DVD , so the winning film `` Egg Replacer '' by Chrisjof Whiteman is an extra . It 's ... weird .
 Bad movie about bad movies , made by bad people from an unfortunate time in underground film . Enough with the glorification of the losers around Warhol 's ` Factory ' . An inch deep by a mile wide unfunny misogyny . Knowing you 're unfunny does n't make it alright .
 This movie was very poor quality . Poor production and slow story line . I do not recommend this movie at all . Do n't bother to rent or buy .
 Yet another film about ... well , it has so many elements I 've seen before , it 's really a whole lot of `` yet another films '' tied together into a mess.Among other things , PRIMEVAL is about two White Big Game Hunters going after a crocodile that thousands of natives are too incompetent to hunt on their own . Sort of like Val Kilmer in THE GHOST AND THE DARKNESS . And Jon Voight 's White Big Game Hunter in ANACONDA.PRIMEVAL is also about a giant underwater predator -LRB- like JAWS -- in fact , one of PRIMEVAL 's characters mentions JAWS -RRB- . But I preferred THE GREAT ALLIGATOR -LRB- aka THE BIG ALLIGATOR RIVER -RRB- , a 1980 Italian JAWS ripoff . It was lots more fun than PRIMEVAL.If this is a messy review , so is PRIMEVAL . Its White Big Game Hunter teams up with another White Big Game Hunter -LRB- one who 's more high-tech , less blood-thirsty -RRB- , and three TV journalists -LRB- this is really their story -RRB- , and some Good Peaceful Africans . Together , they fight both the crocodile and the Evil Africans who follow an Evil Warlord.And that 's one of my biggest peeves . One of the most annoying Hollywood cliches , one that appears in both dystopian sci-fi TV shows , and Third World adventure films . Seems that the problem with all dysfunctional societies is that there 's One Evil Person -LRB- warlord , dictator , whoever -RRB- , and everyone else is good and wants a peaceful , fair democracy . All it takes to save society is kill this One Evil Person , which the newcomer heroes do within 90 minutes , after millions of people living under the regime have been failing for years.SPOILER : In PRIMEVAL , this Evil Warlord has been terrorizing his nation for years . But then he 's stupid enough to enter the jungle with only ONE BODYGUARD , and allows the heroes to lure him to the crocodile , which then kills him . Happy ending!In reality , all people are brutalized in years-long civil wars . Both sides have `` bad '' guys , and all `` bad '' guys are complex -LRB- not just entirely evil -RRB- . It 's never as easy as `` kill this one man , and all will be well . '' Societal problems are structural , not rooted in one person.Well , okay . So PRIMEVAL is n't TRAFFIC or CRASH , or any of those intelligent films that examine the structural complexity of social problems . But neither is it a fun horror film . As others have said , it 's a mess that tries to be everything , and succeeds at being nothing . * THE GREAT ALLIGATOR -LRB- aka THE BIG ALLIGATOR RIVER -RRB- does n't have PRIMEVAL 's modern special effects , but it 's a lot more `` horror fun . '' * SYRIANA and MARIA FULL OF GRACE and BEYOND BORDERS are better examinations of Third World social problems . * THE GHOST AND THE DARKNESS is a better film about White Big Game Hunters . * THE KILLING FIELDS and THE YEAR OF LIVING DANGEROUSLY are better films about journalists in a Third World battle zone.PRIMEVAL fails on every level . Its characters are forgettable ; its plot so cliched that we know where it 's going . I was fast-forwarding just to get it over with it .
 Strangely enough , I probably picked the lesser of 2 evils to rent since Primeval was released on DVD the same day as Ghost Rider , the critically-and-fan-panned comic book film . I knew that one would be terrible but there was always that slight glimmer of hope with this one . Slither did n't look terribly interesting but I found it quite ... fun , so could Primeval do the same thing ? The answer is a huge no as there is so many problems with this one it 's hard to tell where to start.A TV news station sends Tim , Steven and budding reporter Aviva to Burundi , Africa to investigate `` Gustave '' , a killer known for being vicious and more than 300 kills . Thing is , Gustave is a huge crocodile so capturing it is of course the main thing . But that 's not all they have to tend with as there is a civil war in the country happening and a warlord so bad they nickname him `` Little Gustave '' . Will the team make it out alive or will they shot or even munched?Of course the main attraction with the movie is to see people getting bitten and thrased around and you 'll get this in spades . The problem ? It 's hard to see . While there is some night attacks , the crocodile just looks badly animated that it looks like a big blurry glob when it gets more quicker . This is basically a B-movie or even a C so if you want to see well-developed characters , look elsewhere . The one character that audiences will grow to like and tries to get out of their one-note persona does n't even last through the movie . Oops . The only cool people are Dominic Purcell of Prison Break who plays that kind of cool anti-hero role and Brooke Langdon who really just looks hot.But ultimately the main problem with the film is that it just feels so dull . It 's one of those kind of films where tension almost seems cut down by useless scenes or attacks that do n't feel as exciting . Think back to Jaws or Alien -LRB- s -RRB- where you felt at every turn something can happen which made you on edge . Here you feel like `` just bring back the blurry crocodile already '' . The civil war sidestory is n't terribly interesting either and it feels like a really lackluster way to inject some human drama in the film . There 's even a epiphany by one of the characters to hammer in the message . Bah.Should you rent it ? No . Buy it ? Definately not . But if you ca n't seem to find anything else , still look some more and if nothing 's there still , just read a book .
 to me it was decent iliked how it is suppoedly based on real events and i though it could of ben a tad bit better if some of th escn werent so dark and maybe a little bit longer but i still liked waht it was and mostly hwo it was suppsoedly based on real events
 I am a true B movie fan and am very used to terrible movies , but this one could n't even be enjoyed from a B perspective . I actaully shut this one off due to complete bordem which is something I never do . The best thing I can suggest for this dvd is that you use it as a frisbee to wing at someone.It was inspired by the true story of a 25 foot crocodile that was responsible for over 300 deaths . This inspires a crew of flunkies to go to Africa to find the man eating beast , but instead takes a turn towards the economic problems of the people . I wish in the first 10 minutes the croc would have eaten the crew and gotten the movie over with . Orlando Jones starred in this mess in which I saw better acting from him in his old sprite commercials.This one definately does n't get my seal of approval . Instead of wasting an hour and a half on this disaster pick up a B masterpiece like `` Death Ring '' or `` Lock Up ''
 PRIMEVAL is a movie about a giant man-eating crocodile stalking the people who live along an African river who also cleverly eludes the journalists and scientists trying to capture him . A movie with that basic description is not going to be credible or even particularly good . And it is not good ... make no mistake . But amazingly , it is far more ambitious that I would ever have suspected it might be , with many m ore positives that I might have expected.One of the biggest plusses is the setting -LRB- or scenery -RRB- . Set in modern day Africa , in the country of Burundi ... it is expansively filmed and truly showcases the harsh yet starkly beautiful landscapes . I 'm not sure where the movie was filmed and whether the topography bears any relation to Burundi ... but it was very nice to look at . The cinematographer has processed his work in such a way that the colors are super-saturated -LRB- which helps give the landscapes a rich look too -RRB- . The brown tones of the stark landscape really pop out in a gripping way that makes the air seem hot . I expected the movie to have a cursory , uninspired look , but it was really a high point.Plot-wise , the movie is ambitious as well . We have American journalists coming to the country in the hopes of capturing on film the infamous Gustav , a giant croc that has killed hundreds of natives . Gustav is suddenly world renowned because he killed a white forensic scientist . Racial tensions are a key theme of the whole movie ... as is the fact that this is a war-torn country -LRB- similar to the more infamous Rwanda or Darfur -RRB- , and the vicious warlords rule things outside of the city and away from the prying eyes of civilization . The journalists and the hunter they hire are not only endangered by the croc , but by the very socio-political milieu they have been dropped in . The film takes some obvious shots at the way the west ignored the troubles in Africa ... but who expected a movie about a killer reptile to make any political points , however unsubtle ? In fact , many of the more effective scenes feature the frightening warlords and no crocodile.For a slasher-type film ... and that 's what this is , only substituting a crocodile for Michael Myers ... the cast is slightly better than usual . Rather than a bunch of generic attractive teenagers , we 've got known faces such as PRISON BREAK star Dominic Purcell , comic actor Orlando Jones and even DAS BOOT star Jurgen Prochnow . This is not to say that the script gives them much to do or that they provide Oscar-winning performances ... but it 's nice to see people who are n't 30 year-olds pretending to be teens . The performances , all cardboard characters , are solid but thoroughly unexceptional.So this all sounds pretty decent right ? Decent acting , nice cinematography , more brains than usual and a man-eating croc on the rampage . What could be better ? Well , sad to say , the movie is boring . Despite all the elements thrown in to spice things up ... the set up to the action seems to take forever , and involves a lot of utterly trite dialogue . Once the croc begins to become a real presence in the film , most of his appearances are devoid of tension . And the effects that render the beast are pretty sub-par . So you 've got a movie where everyone is playing it quite straight and serious ... but action sequences that are cheesy enough to fit right in to PIRANHAS . But mostly the film just drags and drags . In the final 10 minutes or so , the action finally kicks into high gear ... but by then we are well past caring in the least . It 's a 90 minute movie that feels like a full 2 hour slog . A film like this , even with serious overtones , demands to be brisk , fast-paced and action-focused . Instead , it is turgid.So , I was sure this would be a one-star debacle . Instead , it is a 2 star waste of time . Better than expected , but still not worth anyone 's time .
 When reading the storyline of Primeval , you 'd think that it was a Sci-Fi Channel original movie getting steady rotation on the weekend , and it would feel right at home as well . Prison Break 's Dominic Purcell and funnyman Orlando Jones play two members of a TV crew planning to get some footage of a gigantic killer crocodile , but instead fall prey to it as it terrorizes the African landscape . The first thing you 'll notice when you see the beast of the film -LRB- dubbed Gustave -RRB- is that the CGI effects borderline passable and made for TV bad . Combine this with the cardboard acting -LRB- Purcell is asleep at the wheel , and Jones is the standard joke cracking sidekick -RRB- and civilian direction , and you get this exercise in B-movie mediocrity . It 's not absolutely terrible by any means , and if you so desire to see Primeval , you probably already know what to expect here . Then again , there are better ways to spend your horror movie viewing time .
 The Croc was so cartoony I thought I was watching the sequel to Pete 's Dragon . At no time in the movie are you fooled by the croc . When the croc runs it 's even funnier than watching Steven Seagal run . The direct to video Crocodile movies look better in a lot of ways .
 PRIMEVAL is not your typical giant crocodile movie ... it does n't know whether it wants to be a horror movie or a study of civil war and unrest in Africa . But either way , it 's a misfire . The script is contrived and a little tedious ; the special effects are okay , but there 's not enough of the crocodile . The direction is reminiscent of early MTV and a copy of such films as HOSTEL and SAW . Much of the action is filmed in the dark and it 's difficult to see what 's going on . The acting from Dominic Purcell and Orlando Jones disappointing ; only veteran Jurgen Prochnow manages to give a solid supporting performance . Horror fans will probably be disappointed .
 I like so many others saw the preview on TV for the `` new horrific true story serial killer film '' in the winter of 2007 and was glued to the previews . It was hawked on tv as being a true story involving the most notorius serial killer of all-time , with the killer commiting over 300 murders and still being at large.Imagine my surprise when I went into the theater to see this flick and I found out it was about a huge Nile Crocodile.How can they actually call this a serial killer film when it is about a freakin ' croc ? I was expecting a true to life Hannibal Lecter killer or maybe a Zodiac who was still out prowling around . I wanted FBI manhunts and profilers working all hours of the night to try and get a break in the case.Nothing.Instead , I got a croc flick that was even more dissapointing than Lake Placid.The acting was atrocious . The CGI was obvious . It was horrible . The story was non existant . I have yet to meet anybody who has seen this pile that felt that they spent their time wisely watching this . Please save yourself the trouble and pass on by . Very dissapointing.Which is a shame because the true tale of the real Gustave is actually quite fascinating . It is amazing to think that there really is a croc out there that is over 25 feet long especially when the longest one ever captured on record was only just over 15 feet . I do recommend checking out some information on the real deal and then skipping this flick .
 Once again Hollywood has mislead us into watching a movie . If you were to watch the trailers you would think this was going to be a slasher thriller of gigantic proportions . What a hoax!It is hard to say just what this movie wanted to be about . The plot has been gone over , so I wo n't do that . What I will say is that it starts out gathering a herd of ` unsuspecting ' victims and relocating them to where the danger is ... all typical.However , on the way , we learn of the political unrest in the land they travel to . From there on this movie flips back and forth from being the slasher/thriller to being an expose of murder and mayhem generated by the local king.It flips and flops so poorly that it never dwells in any area long enough which is distracting . The acting is poor save for Orlando Bloom.The only thing this movie does do is pull the two plots together in at the end ... for about 3 minutes.What could they have been thinking?I do n't know about anyone else out there ... but I 'm getting really tired of the ` Bait and switch ' routine that Hollywood is doing to get people to watch movies.If you 're absolutely bored and up for ANY kind of distraction this movie will suffice ... while you do laundry or cooking or something else.Otherwise ... pass it by . Honestly is n't worth the money they spent on it .
 Phew , while this film was action-packed , surprising , and terrifying , when one is able to see what was happening , I will also state I agree with these other reviewers in saying the premise of this film was contrived and deceiving . Having seen the trailer numerous times on my home television with the exact phrase `` serial killer in Africa '' flashing each and every time , I was immediately sold on the idea being a horror fan and all that . Instead , with this film , we are treated , no insulted , to a remake of some kind of 1999 's Lake Placid and not even a decent one . Lake Placid , in case you reading this have n't watched it , was funny , terrifying and memorable whereas this film , Primeval , well , I ca n't even remember one single phrase spoken in the film . Anyways , I do n't wish to spend all night blasting this movie , no matter how much it deserves to . It just seems like more and more movies are being produced , filmed , and then relased direct-to-video with only a handful select films being released to theaters and even then it 's a stretch to really catch a good film every now . True film is fast becoming a dying art and if seem doubtful , just look at what 's being released in theaters this summer ... Shrek the Third , Spider-Man 3 , Pirates of the Caribbean 3 . Hollywood , without a doubt , has flushed the concept of originality down the porcelain master so instead of spending our hard-earned cash on decent , unique , innovative films , we are throwing it out the window on junk . What 's worse is when life becomes so dull , you find yourself wanting to see the same peice of crap twice in theaters . Now the original Pirates of the Caribbean , which was decent just for the record , I ended up watching 5 times in theaters and I 'm sure someone out there has my record beaten by more than half . -LRB- By the way , I have all my ticket stubs to prove MY claim -RRB- . Getting back to Primeval ... Look , if you want a realistic , up-to date , NON-FICTIONAL story about serial killers in Africa , watch Blood Diamond , with Leo Dicaprio and the always luminous Jen Connelly . The film , which has received 5 academy awards nominations , was filmed on location , and is in my opinion , gruesome , riveting , compelling and provocative . Really , I have n't purchased a single diamond since the film 's domestic theatrical release.One more thing , I 'm just wondering who the creature effects wizard was ? Stan Winston , who is most famous for his original Zenomorph -LRB- ALIEN , 1979 -RRB- and the creature from SPECIES -LRB- the human form being portrayed by the sight for sore eyes Canadian-born Natasha Henstridge -RRB- and also the crocodile from Lake Placid , sure as Hell did n't waste time with this film . His designs tend to rely mainly on animatronics and costumes with dependance on computer-generation being secondary -LRB- 1999 's End of Days being the exception to that statement -RRB- . In conclusion , the bottom line is not to hold any expectancy for originality any more . As someone very cynical -LRB- not me -RRB- said ... `` If you expect nothing , you wo n't be disappointed ''
 As if Africa did n't have problems enough to deal with - now we can add a giant primordial crocodile to the mix.Laughingly based on a `` true story , '' `` Primeval '' is a mediocre monster movie in which three American reporters , a trained crocodile expert and a surly German guide -LRB- `` Das Boot '' 's Jurgen Prochnow -RRB- travel through the wilds of Burundi to track down the legendary man-munching menace known to the local natives as `` Gustave . '' In addition to the creature , the team has to contend with some vicious tribal leaders who are waging an intense civil war in the region.Afflicted with a paltry budget , `` Primeval '' is marred by uneven acting , cheap-looking special effects and the all-too-common chauvinistic attitude that sees Africans as either malefactors intent on slaughtering their own people or incompetent victims just waiting for some knight-in-shining-armor Westerners to come riding in on their white horses to save them . In fact , so much time is devoted to the conflict between the Americans and the African warlords that it 's quite easy to forget that the giant crocodile is in the movie at all . Actually , considering the rather unconvincing appearance of the creature on screen , that might , in fact , be the best thing that could have happened to the movie .
 Seriously , this movie is really not good . If you want a great Crocodile movie , go see `` Lake Placid '' . Better actors , much better acting , and a more realistic crocodile ... but not by much!People have gone over the plot , so I will not rehash it here.The plot is not very good as it intermixes the horror Crocodile and the African political storylines . And as with most bad horror movies , stupid decisions are made at times that wind up killing the actors.Jurgen Prochnow 's talents are wasted in this film as the big-game hunter who is supposed to help the film crew . Dominic Purcell once again proves he has no acting talent . I wish they would kill him off on `` Prison Break '' . The only talent here is Orlando Jones . He does a relatively good job , but we do not even see him being killed . He just pops up dead later on . . What a waste!The bonus features on the DVD are thin . There is one `` deleted '' scene that is pretty amusing , where they show a scene on how the Warlord was supposedly to be killed originally . The `` Making of '' is not very interesting.I did give the movie 2 stars , because it did keep me watching for 90 minutes .
 - Take the cinematography from `` Ghost in the Darkness '' - Africa landscapes-Throw in the boat from `` Anaconda '' - The guy from 7up & Mad TV for comic relief - with a few good laughs-A few elements from `` Lake Placid '' - Some villians from `` Black Hawk Down '' -LRB- two plot lines going here -RRB- - Have the Crocodile attack either like `` Jurassic park 3 '' or a serial killer.You basically have a Saturday night rental that you can leave on as you half pay attention and guess which common movie plot line they will do.It is what it is ; not good , but not really bad either . The cinamatographer will difenantly get more work .
 Primeval is fairly good ... however I found a better Croc flick ... Rogue . I would recommend Rogue anyday rather than Primeval .
 If two stories converge in a movie , that is normal , when done correctly , but one must override the other . Was the prime story in this movie teaching us about Africa , and our negelect of it , or about the giant monster that must be destroyed . Either story would have been good separately as different movies , but this movie did not converge the two properly . This movie was advertised as a monster movie and thusly that should have been the central focus . Primeval was not a waste , just misproduced .
 Why they would choose the title sequence like Se7en , instead of something strikingly NEW that that title was then , appropriately indicates the shifting , erratic , hard to follow action scenes that follow.I 'll ignore the plot because who wants that ? We want croc action , which is all any characters are good for . The audience wants to be fed by the croc .1 -RRB- Once again another movie where the menial amount of monster scenes served seek to be more complicated and sophisticated - the worse flaw of the remake of King Kong that brought credibility down to a new level - instead of seeing the wisdom of going back to simplicity and clarity where all power and tension is . And newness .2 -RRB- As if that mistake is n't enough , all but one of Gustave 's scenes are in the dark -LRB- of course -RRB- , so you can see but 10 % of all the beautifully rendered beast . At least in Kong you could always see the creatures - and every hair of Kong .3 -RRB- Commit to that the third celluloid sin of `` the school of spaztic schizo eclectic editing '' and you have the thick flick hat trick.As with so many films , they try for the first half hour , with humour and some cleverness , then they slowly go to sleep - as if that 's ok - so the movie gradually descends the even darker road of inevitability - using the tired old tricks , increasingly more , and becoming any other film but itself.How many times have you thought
 This film was a blown opportunity in my view . This could have been an excellent `` us against it '' thriller in theJawsvein , but instead , in a lackluster attempt at being self-important , it meanders through the issues of an African Nation 's bloody civil war in such a distracting and , very sadly , superficial manner . Part of me is glad that while seeing what I thought would be something of a monster flick I got a bit more , but I 'm disturbed by the overly preachy nature of the film 's `` humanity '' message while at the same time resorting to graphic scenes but superficial treatment of a subject that requires more attention and respect as done in the filmsHotel Rwanda , Blood Diamond -LSB- HD DVD -RSB- , andThe Last King of Scotland.One ca n't blame the writers too harshly for trying to be ambitious and do more with this genre , but somehow a scene or two of genocide thrown into a `` monster '' flick just seems inappropriate to me . It would be like having a flashback scene of the Holocaust from Dr. Hammond inJurassic Park . I have no clue to that character 's actual background ; I am just trying to make an illustrative point here how not treating this subject matter with more reverence and care makes human rights and lives seem trivial.At least the writers and director got the intense action sequences right . I found them to be very suspenseful and appropriately graphic for this kind of film . The mix of animatronics and CGI special effects were passable , but not overly impressive . Personally , I 've grown weary of average efforts with CGI . Either give me the best special effects you have to offer or do n't bother . I really hate it when CGI effects are imployed so obviously.Finally , this film simply tries to be too many things and does n't market itself fairly . Perhaps , to be fair , it is difficult to market a film that tries to tackle too many things . While this film had some decent acting , intense and memorable moments , and mostly believable dialogue , it is n't a cohesive film and seems shallow .
 `` Primeval '' tricked me . I knew nothing about the film other than a brief blurb I 'd read that said it was about a serial killer and was based on a true story . Turns out the `` serial killer '' is , in fact , a large , hundred-year old crocodile named Gustave . Ho ho!Eh.The story is about a news team that has been sent to Africa in order to cover a story on -LRB- and perhaps capture -RRB- the elusive beast . The movie briefly explains why a blood-thirsty crocodile is news -LRB- and even why it would be left up to journalists , a cameraman , and two wild animal experts to catch a critter that 's been eating unsuspecting humans for decades -RRB- , but the explanation is weak , at best.Even weaker is the awkward melding of the croc plot with another story thread involving an African civil war that is propogated and prolonged by a blood-thirsty warlord named -- that 's right -- Gustave . Is this a powerful political metaphor ? Probably . Is it done well ? Of course it is n't . Populated by stock characters of the worst kind -LRB- although Orlando Jones manages to do some good things with his smart-aleck cameraman role -RRB- , `` Primeval '' succumbs to ludicrousness -LRB- the characters , after a recent croc attack , decide that a rickety shack built IN the river is their best safe haven -RRB- , pointlessness -LRB- the dull bonfire `` bonding '' scene where a tribal drum session is followed by the Westerners singing `` Amazing Grace '' off-key -RRB- , and confusion -LRB- most of the croc attacks take place at night and are dizzyingly hard to follow -RRB- . Tack on a hokey -LRB- albeit unfortunately true -RRB- message about American apathy toward African brutality , and you 're left with a jury-rigged mess of a movie , a schizophrenic cinematic experience that tries to be viscerally scintillating as well as politically charged . If it had picked one or the other , it may have had at least a shred of consistency to give it pluck and cohesion . Instead , it 's a mawkish blend of macabre and moralistic.And it 's not about a serial killer .
 I like giant crocodile movies and I 'm guessing you do too if you 're thinking about seeing this movie . DON `` T !!! Take it from a crocodile fan!The plot
 Here 's a quote from J.D. Salinger 's `` The Catcher in the Rye ''
 I liked the women in this movie . I liked what they were trying to accomplish . I was rooting for them . That said , I have seen better crafted -LRB- produced , shot , edited -RRB- documentaries done by 6th graders . The production value was seriously atrocious , and I would venture to say , maybe the worst I 've ever seen . Would I recommend watching it ? Yes , I think so . But only if you can overlook the homespun , `` I did this in my basement as I had time '' feel .
 Totally not a reliable running movie to show to new runners at the HS or College level , it just talks about the life and drama of a running club called &#34; Bandidos &#34; . In most of the movie there was just people talking .
 because the series is good as ever . the quality of the jewel cases is lowest quality . when i took out the dvds for the first time , the plastic broke at 50 different spots and was completely destroyed . so 5 stars for the series , 1 star for the casing .
 I purchased this item in early December for Christmas . It qualified for the Super Free Shipping deal they were running at the time . It took over three weeks for this item to be shipped . I did n't receive it until Christmas Eve . I will NEVER use Amazon again unless they improve their so called FREE SHIPPING Offers . It was not worth the headache or anxiety that it caused .
 This service - although a great idea - BLOWS ! It took me over 5 hours to download 4 episodes of CSI . I 'm on cable and pay an additional 15 bux a month for the ultra high speed service.I can think of many ways to improve the interface , however right now I 'm so frustrated with just trying to download my episodes that I just want to bash my head through the wall.Great idea Amazon - however , needs MUCH improvement !
 Tried using it with Mac . Wo n't work . Used it in Windows . It 's okay , but you 're better off going to iTunes for your tv programs .
 Amazon should expose the subtitles languages avaiable in this dvd ; I 'm aware that it is in english , considering I 'm buying it in a foreign site , but it should be done.Thank you
 It really sucks , tried to download but it 's not able to be viewed in pc 's outsided the united states . Crikey.I 'll have to wait for reruns to watch it on the telly.Whatta shame amazon dot com . Let 's send a CSI to yer headquarters .
 This movie was so one-sided and misleading I wanted to vomit . The husband and wife are so home-birth , anti-hospital it is sickening . The husband seems to have the attitude that ALL women should give birth naturally , and gives the impression that there is never any good reason for a c-section . He seeks out the opinions of medical ` professionals ' and women who only agree with his views . As a registered nurse , I had to roll my eyes when he lists off all of the potential complications of an epidural or c-section , including fetal and maternal death . In case he was unaware , those are also risks of CHILDBIRTH in general . As someone who had a c-section -LRB- not by choice-I actually had a midwife for my prenatal care & delivery and we tried everything to get the baby out before having to resort to the c-section -RRB- , this movie disgusts me . After the birth of their child , there are some complications and they have to take the baby to the hospital , where she has to spend a few days in the NICU . You 'd think after the hospital staff save his baby 's life , he would admit that maybe hospitals do have some value and be grateful ... but no ; all he can do is complain about the hospital experience , and how he never recieved a diagnosis for his baby . I can tell you by looking at her , the baby was in respiratory distress ! There 's your diagnosis . This guy is a true moron , and the movie is not informative in the least if you are looking for objective , factual information backed with scientific data and statistics .
 First off this movie isnt about pregnancy in America . Its about childbirth . Second the view of this movie is so biased and one sided . There is no representation of both sides so that the viewer can use the information presented to make up their own mind . Hospital birth is completely looked down upon as are epidurals and c-sections . C-sections are viewed as completely elective which is not always the case . My sister had to have an emergency c-section because my nephew 's heart rate dropped . Thank goodness she was in the hospital . And what about mothers of multiples or those with other health issues that can create complications ? Also premature birth should be considered . Its just ridiculous to assume home birth is the safest choice in ALL situations . When they started talking about women having orgasms during labor I laughed out loud . In one instance an older man goes on about how painless natural child birth is based on some story out of Africa . This movie may have set out to prove a point but it was sorely lost within the biased material . No medical evidence was shown proving home birth is better or by far safer than hospital birth . Child birth is a miracle regardless of how they get here and no expecting mother should be made to feel less of a woman for not having a natural home birth . To each his own . If someone wants to have their child at home or in a tub of water or without drugs that is their choice . It is also their choice to have them in a hospital with or without drugs or by whatever means possible . Whatever is best for mama and baby I say . This movie does n't educate . It only tries to force an opinion on you .
 I am a big believer in natural birth and home birth , and am planning a birth-center birth with our first . However , this movie was just awful . It is exactly the kind of thing I do NOT want those around me who are unsure about out-of-hospital birth to see , because it is antagonistic , unclear , and full of stupid questions which are easy to counter and occlude the real , important points that could be made . The filmmaker is obnoxious and self-centered , and quite frankly comes across as just plain unintelligent . I feel like if those around me who do n't like out-of-hospital birth saw this they would be reassured that their feelings that out-of-hospital birth is just for crazy people were justified.The only reason this gets 2 stars instead of 1 is that it did have some good information sprinkled among the junk.Honestly , I think the natural birth community would be better off if this video was never made . The Business of Being Born had its own agenda , but at least it was much more clearly organized and backed up by facts . This makes a very real , legitimate movement look stupid .
 This documentary fits it 's agenda and that is to Promote the use of midwives and make aware the disarray of the US maternity system . I found many points valid however most information is `` cherry picked '' or any other words `` half truths . '' It is true that maternity care in the U.S. Is in dire need of reformation . However this film is very biased and on several points inaccurate . Ex . Epidural use is linked to teenage drug abuse and suicide . Really . I personally had a completely natural birth , I share a family bed , breastfed my son for 17mo , and use cloth diapers ... . And even I by the end of this film wanted to punch that man in the face . Especially after his comments regarding his daughters NICU stay . I 'd say watch it , certainly do n't take it a gospel .
 This film is completely one-sided . The filmmakers do n't interview anyone with a different point of view than themselves . They say they `` tried '' to reach the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists , but that they `` did n't speak to filmmakers . '' OK , then go find 10 doctors who do n't represent ACOG , and have them tell you in rational terms why all OB/GYN 's are n't evil , money-grubbing monsters . I think they have a valid reason to want to encourage mothers to consider their options . I also agree that we have medicalized pregnancy in America . But at least try to present both sides accurately . Do n't just use angry midwives and PhD 's who have an axe to grind as your experts .
 I wish I could give this movie less than 1 star . I wo n't repeat what all the other negative reviews have said , but I completely agree . I support ANY method of birth the mother and father choose and feel most comfortable with , and am so thankful there is free choice in the matter . I know women who have had beautiful births at home/in birthing center , however this movie made me feel angry toward that option . I do n't believe the filmmaker did any favors to the midwifery system with this film .
 My husband and I watched this movie together as we are currently expecting . I made it further than my husband -LRB- almost to the end -RRB- , but we still turned it off early because we were so frustrated and annoyed with the husband/filmmaker ! We are opting to have our baby in a birthing center and definitely support a more natural approach to birth , but I agree with the other comments that say the filmmaker 's attitude towards hospitals was ridiculous and over the top . He seemed so hell bent on making his point that by the end of the movie I was not sure I could even trust some of the information given . Even after the hospital staff saved his baby 's life , all he could do was complain that the nurses wanted to hold her too much ! Gim me a break ! Yes , there are reasons to be informed and skeptical towards birthing in a hospital , but the way he portrayed hospitals and the people who work in them got to be pretty offensive . Do yourself a favor and skip this movie . The filmmaker is a dopey dumbo .
 Watching this movie made my pregnant wife literally physically uncomfortable . It was n't the subject matter . We know that because we watched the Business of Being Born last week and really enjoyed the experience . It 's basically the same documentary , after all
 Was there some interesting info ? I guess . But oh my gosh . This guy set out to tear down the medical system and was going to do it regardless of what he found . Sorry , pal , that you opted to not purchase medical insurance and that wonderful care here in the US is expensive . Sorry that your baby was sick and that you had to go to the evil hospital that charged you $ 21K for a week there . What a puke fest . And yes . I 've had a baby . I found a hospital and doctor who I knew would be respectful to me and my wishes . I usually do n't write these things , but I ca n't stand this leftist hippy bull shiz . Do n't waste your time .
 I really felt it was a low blow on AMERICA once again . If you think it is so much better having a baby in another country , go ahead ... do it ... and stay there why you are at it.GOD made hospitals and doctors and nurses for a reason . . sure because human ego boosting money obsessed mind sets are EVERYWHERE , some probably give more medicine and make you think you need it more than they have too because they want to make more money off you in a time of crazy emtions , but thats your problem , Stay strong !!! Dont give in !!! Sure there is plenty of great stories of wonderful births that have happen right in someones bedroom . . so nice :-RRB- ... but then their is just as many stories about awful things that happen at home too ... LIKE DEATH , they forgot to put a couple of those stories in here too ! Same for hospitals wonderful births happen in hospitals and so do DEATHS!But when GOD gives you the tools to possible have a more succesful birth and you dont use it ... ? Again hospitals , doctors , nurses are here for a REASON . Dont be foolish , USE THEM .
 I ca n't begin to describe how irritating I found this movie . Although I am totally pro home-birth and alarmed by the birth statistics in the US , I could not get past how self-absorbed the filmmaker/father was . I really regret having watching this film , except for the brief clips of Ina May Gaskin . She 's awesome and outshines any penny-ante Michael Moore wannabes .
 There are far better films about childbirth and homebirth vs hospital birth -LRB- see The Business of Being Born -RRB- . The film makers of Pregnant in America are inexperienced and the film is difficult to watch on a technical , as well as a cognitive , level . The narrative and narration is slow and frustrating . Important pieces of information are dropped and then never dealt with or fully explained . Do not watch this film if you are pregnant ! In fact , skip it all together . My husband and I feel we wasted 2 hours of our evening .
 I am currently a midwifery student at The Florida School of Traditional Midwifery . Naturally , I am an advocate for home birth , and a woman 's right to choose her own special birthplan . However , the hospital IS NOT THE ENEMY , nor is the medical community . This documentary only served to make me feel sorry for the wife of the selfish man who created it . His aggressive behavior is silly and confrontational , and his communication skills are poor . Not all hospital births are horrible . Obstetricians are n't all hell-bent on making women suffer through torturous and traumatic births . Placing blame and pointing fingers will not heal a broken system , but only hinder it further.If you are interested in birth related dvds you may want to check out the following
 If the goal is this project is to truly empower women , perhaps the director would respect female intelligence enough by presenting an unbiased piece . This excuse for a documentary relied on the voices of only carefully selected `` experts , '' and I often found myself left wanting cold , hard statistics . In addition , the personal experiences of the filmmaker and his wife only served as a 25-minute distraction rather than an enhancement to the documentary 's thesis . Next time , sir , respect your audience to present facts with journalistic integrity . Do n't endanger the lives of unborn children by scaring women away from hospitals .
 First , I have to point out how poorly made this movie was . Everything from the lighting , to the background music , to the decision of when to cut an interview was tasteless . Probably the most nauseating part was Steve 's inclusion of his own emotional and unintelligent conversations with himself , which show him to be the meat-head you well imagined as the creator of this vacuous project.As for the content and the message , Steve 's belligerent attacks on the medical community at large detract from what is truly a valid complaint against the American birthing system . He tries to vilify multiple health institutions for not allowing him to use his camera . Steve may have glossed over HIPAA as a silly excuse , but as a registered nurse I can assure you that those rules are real and necessary . What if the camera had caught a group of healthcare professionals trying to have a private conversation about a patient 's HIV status ? There is a reason you ca n't walk around a hospital with a camcorder.Steve also criticized administrative personnel for their trivialization of his questions and concerns . Given Steve 's unprofessional dress , demeanor , and conversational skills , I do n't blame them one bit for asking if he went to college . I might have asked if he had finished high school.What REALLY got me irate was Steve 's commentary on the NICU staff . Just as everyone who supports the natural childbirth movement teaches , sometimes things do n't go according to plan and mother or baby must go to the hospital . When Steve and Mandy had to take their newborn to the hospital Steve had the following complaints : - He was n't immediately given a list of evidence for treatment , alternatives , options , and percentages -LRB- Hey Steve , maybe they were too busy taking care of your newborn child to compile all the statistics for you . -RRB- - The baby was poked with too many needles because the nurse missed the first time . -LRB- Ever heard the term needle in a haystack ? That 's kind of what finding a vein in an infant is like . I 'd like to see you try , Steve . -RRB- - The baby was moved in ways `` a mother would never move her child '' -LRB- Next time , just keep your baby at home where only you and mom can touch it . But do n't get angry when the baby dies from lack of medical attention . -RRB- - The baby was looking around frantically wondering where mom was , and instead was only able to see people `` just doing their job '' who were n't in love with the baby . -LRB- Again , keep the baby at home if this bothers you . But , well , yeah , it might die . And next time you see a NICU nurse , tell them thank you because by `` just doing their job '' they have saved the lives of countless infants . -RRB- - The nurses wanted to hold the baby too much , and I 'm the father . -LRB- But wait , Steve , I thought the nurses were heartless androids , just doing a job . Do you want them to care or do you not want them to care ? For the love of God , please quite whining . -RRB- - We never got a diagnosis after repeatedly questioning the doctors . -LRB- You 're right Steve , they probably were avoiding you . Because you are just that annoying and obnoxious . -RRB- And just when you think he could n't be more of a pompous ass , he says , `` It took a lot of work to manage the hospital staff , because they were n't perfect , far from perfect . '' MANAGE ? You had to MANAGE them ?? You must have had one heck of a quickie course to become an M.D. or R.N. overnight and start managing these people . Next time , I 'll hold the camera and you can spend seven 12-hour shifts taking care of a sick newborn while the parents hover obsessively over your shoulder . And while you 're at it I 'll ask you to throw in a couple extra peripheral IV 's . I 'd like to see how you `` manage '' that.More women do need to know that childbirth can happen without being `` pitted '' or speared by an epidural . Unfortunately this documentary leaves women with nothing but more fear and uncertainty and is completely counterproductive .
 This documentary is self-absorbed , inaccurate , and offensive in every way . I found it very hard to watch , and I confess I did n't watch it from start to finish.I am an aspiring midwife -LRB- 3 months to go ! -RRB- , nurse , and former doula - I agree that there are few things more amazing than being able to witness and participate in a normal birth . But , no ... this documentary is not a celebration of anything . In fact , I 've never seen a film that 's so blatantly hateful and full of misleading and incomplete information . I 'm actually quite disappointed that some of the experts that I appreciate and look up to were a part of this film.What was particularly troubling was the filmmaker 's account of his daughter 's hospitalization at the end of the film . I agree with another post that it is likely that their daughter had GBS , and whether or not this is true , if a critical infant requires hospitalization , there is n't always a diagnosis . And it was absolutely 100 % appropriate for the midwife to recognize tachypnea and other signs of distress in the newborn and recommend taking the baby to the hospital . The anger and immaturity of the filmmaker manifested as attacks against the care team at the hospital was misguided and childish.Not everyone in the hospital is out to get you . Healthcare is a service , and that is why a lot of kind , compassionate , and intelligent people go into this field , people who work very hard to ensure the safety and health of others . People who lose sleep over little details of quality on a regular basis , believe me I know.The healthcare system is not perfect and there are a lot of problems in Obstetrics - but this sort of response is disproportionate and unproductive.Besides , the film just is n't even good.My advice , skip it - it 's unwatchable - and unnecessarily depressing .
 The movie is badly done on a technical level , especially the way interviews are cut . However , I could easily look past that if it were n't for ... The father creating this film is narcissistic , aggressive and puts very little of his wife into the film . She 's the one having the baby , yet we get precious little of her perspective . It 's all about the father , who is rude and self-absorbed . Friends , we all know the medical side of childbirth in this country is often behind the times , compared to other countries and pro-natural research . However , treating medical staff like evil villains does nothing to improve anything . I 've known several OB/GYN 's and hospitals who are adamantly for natural childbirth and respecting the Mother Nature . There is no need to make sweeping assumptions that all doctors are crooks , which is essentially what this film does.The comment at the end about `` managing '' the NICU staff ... So arrogant !
 Natalie Jane 's review and nurses perspective I could n't agree with more . Buonaugurio bumbles along trying to make a point about home birth but fails by being totally a self absorbed , poorly dressed , inarticulate meathead . Sticking the camera in his wifes face , when she clearly seemed annoyed , was painful to watch . That scene where shes crying , suggesting that the traveling and -LRB- implied -RRB- the film was bringing her down . And then during the birth it appeared she did n't even want Buonaugurio near her , as the sign on the door said keep out . I was thinking maybe her labor was so long because she had to worry about where Buonaugurio was and if he had the camera on . At the end I was expecting to find out she left him . Only truly interesting parts were the interviews in Holland and Germany showing how natural birth is common and integrated into the culture and medical system . It 's too bad since the concept of the film was to promote midwifery and home birth and it really just left me annoyed . Hospitals are n't bad . It 's a complex system with problems that saved your daughters life .
 This documentary was both astonishingly incorrect and hypocritical . The director and his wife will likely be inspiration for many couples of equal or lesser intelligence in their misguided and irritatingly superior attempt to stick it to the medical system . While a very few of their points regarding health care costs and greedy practitioners have merit , the overall idea this film conveys to the public is that doctors and medicine can not be trusted . And , what about the deeper messages it sends to women ? According to Steve and Mandy , childbirth without medicine proves you are a real woman . Women who give in to any form of pain medication are weak and selfish for subjecting the baby to the narcotics . Hospitals are not only unnecessary , but if you choose to give birth there , you obviously do n't want to nurture your child or bother breastfeeding . Not to mention , women are so weak they will not be able to stand up to the doctors that are itching to slice them open and pry the baby from their bosom before bonding is able to inflict mother or child . Besides , the earlier the better ... complications result in longer stays and larger bills!With poisonous accusations such as these , a pregnancy would be a terrifying concept . Luckily , I found out for myself that in all but the rarest of cases , humanity prevails . And , since my first child was born mere months after this documentary 's finale birth , I am willing to bet anyone can disprove 90 % of the statements from this movie . I gave birth at a very large , teaching hospital with a wonderful female doctor that was available and approachable throughout my entire pregnancy . I chose a large birthing suite , invited friends and family , had birthing balls , a large tub for water birthing , a television with DVD and cable , the ability to roam freely until the very end of the labor , and attentive nurses and my doctor on the floor -LRB- yet , discrete enough to minimize interruptions to the family -RRB- available throughout the process . I had full control over my decisions , a pre-written plan between me and the doctor for the birth , midwives and lactation specialists on hand , and the hospital did not believe in inducing or scheduling a c-section without medical necessity . My husband was able to cut the cord and I was able to hold my son the moment he emerged , and within minutes of his following cleanup and PKU routine . I did not even rest those first few days as he was in the room with me and the breastfeeding specialist made frequent trips to my room to establish a habit for us to feed regularly and offer assistance . I even gave him his first bath in the nursery once I was feeling up to it . Now , that said , I was induced since I had high blood pressure and was at risk for pre-eclampsia as well as diabetes . I was one day past term before my doctor finally gave in to that option . I did have an epidural , my choice , and it only limited my legs from moving so I was capable of pushing and otherwise participating . In fact , I had intended to hold out if I was not in too much pain , but the ridiculous and distracting discomfort was enough to completely change my mind . Once it was in place , I was actually able to relax , nap , and honestly enjoy the birth pain-free . I can not imagine not choosing to create such a peaceful and exciting memory and feel sorrow for women that miss out on that feeling . I also needed stitches afterward and again felt nothing during the process other than joy in holding my new baby . After leaving the hospital , I felt sore but confident in the fact that my child was part of my family . My doctor and her nursing staff demanded a picture at the checkup , and when I returned for prenatal care a month after that for the next child , they were pleased to see us again and more than welcoming.Perhaps my experience is unique . . however , I can not recommend any other option after the amazing treatment I received . My second birth was more complicated , and in fact makes me concerned for the infant Bella that was born with her cord around her neck ! My daughter was as well , along with other issues , and what is not addressed in the movie is that depending on the severity of the oxygen loss and duration of time her breathing was limited , there could be long term effects on both her mental abilities as well as physical problems . The fact that her subsequent breathing difficulties and lethargy were possibly related to the cord constriction at birth did not seem to come up again in the film makes me strongly suspect the director chose to leave off the explanation on why his daughter may have been hospitalized for days in the NICU . It would hurt his stance to mention that his own daughter may end up with mental retardation or other learning disabilities for a condition that can be prevented ... in a hospital . My daughter was only cut off for a few minutes as the staff responded quickly and a passing doctor stepped in to safely deliver her , naturally , when her monitors suddenly went offline and she moved into the birth canal hours before we expected . While in my case , it was a quick change , Mandy seemed to have been in hard labor for an extended period of time and if the cord was limiting Bella 's air intake , her decision to stay home may have resulted in a lost opportunity to prevent brain damage . I am not saying that natural birth is impossible or dangerous in every instance ... just that hospitals have policies and practices in place due to necessity and hindsight.In my opinion , there is only one message that expecting mothers should heed , and it is , ironically , the main argument of the movie
 I did not like this movie . I know little about the process of childbirth , I was hoping to gain some insight on my own , but I felt like this movie was `` all up in your face '' that hospital births are BAD , instead of presenting it in a non biased view . Both sides of the argument are not fairly represented . Either ways I just did n't enjoy this movie . It just bombards you with somewhat the same message and constant repetition of how you should do home birth , no drugs during it , because its bad for you yada yada yada ... Just 20 mins of watching I became extremely uninterested . Despite the facts and information presented , I still feel indifferent towards the subject of childbirth location , use of anesthesia , etc , because this is a biased film . Furthermore this film should not to named PREGNANT in America , it hardly touches on pregnancy , just child birth . This is misleading as when I first read the title I was expecting it to maybe talk about a broader topics of pregnancy in general , such as controversial topics like teen pregnancy or even how pregnant woman are treated in corporate America . I ca n't help but think its called `` Pregnant in America '' just to attract more attention as it did for me , this should be called `` Do n't Give Birth at the Hospitals , Because Clearly Home Birth is Better , We Do it , So Should You '' .
 I generally like to say good things in a review , but this movie was just bad . It lacks wit or insight . Unless you just gave birth and finished breast feeding and are looking for a drinking game -LRB- every time the director is mean to a hospital worker for no reason take a shot -RRB- , AVOID .
 The dad made this birth completely about him and what he wanted . His wife is crying because she 's overwhelmed and scared making the movie and their first child at the same time and he sticks the camera in her face . She was in pain and wanted medication and to go to the hospital and he would n't let her . Their baby could n't breath and he finally allowed her to go to the hospital . He even flat out says `` It was my decision to make . '' Like the mom had no say . And then he STILL blames the docs and makes them out to be evil . I 've had a natural childbirth and would love to do it again , but this was a propaganda film created by a misogynist who wants to control women 's birth experience just as much as the doctors do .
 This film is NOT about being Pregnant In America . It is about a bashing of c-sections and epidurals . Plan and simple.Note to self
 Dance , Girl , DanceI am a big fan of Maureen O'Hara , but this movie was not the vehicle for her talent . The story is so weak , you have to think about it before you realize there is one at all.The one and only possible interest is seeing Lucille Ball as a young actress before comedy became her trademark .
 From the very beginning this documentary seemed like it droned on and on . From the monotone voices to the inaccuracies reported , this documentary was horrible written and horribly put together . It was a waste of money and a waste of time . The only good thing about this is that it put me to sleep within 20 minutes .
 I was very disappointed in what should have been a great set . Despite all the talk on this set about the Ulmer Restoration Corp. and some French restorations , there are just too many unacceptable issues . On disc 1 , Strange Illusion is a French restoration . There is a long sequence where the audio is seriously out-of-sync with the picture . I do n't see how it could of been restored that way , so that must be a problem with the DVD production . The overall picture quality is better on the Roan edition , but it has problems with splices and low audio . The Strange Woman looks fine , but at one point has a fade out in the middle of dialogue where it looks to have missing footage . There are also numerous audio breaks during the preacher 's speech near the end . I found the commentary very informative , though . The special features on this disc are good , except the trailers are rather rough . On disc 2 , the French restoration of Bluebeard is a disaster . They actually used an edited print . These French restorations are quite cheap ones . There were numerous edits during the initial puppet show . It was obviously deliberate , because every scene which shows the puppeteers working the strings was edited out . The Roan edition has the complete print and is recommended over this . After all this , Daughter of Dr. Jekyll is actually a very good print in its OAR . The special features on this disc are excellent . On disc 3 , Moon Over Harlem is a fair print with a few splices . Goodbye , Mr. Germ is a good print with only one splice . Swiss Family Robinson is a very good print , but unfortunately has an All Day Ent . logo throughout , thereby ruining any viewing of it . This set is too problematic to give anymore than 2 stars .
 none . Noticed with panasonic viera have to return , load again for some movies , only had trouble with a couple of old movies so far . Two so far no audio at all . New TV . Newer mac desk top , ethernet to TV .
 I would 've given it zero stars if it were possible . I felt nothing for the characters . I simply did n't care about them one way or the other . The way women were portrayed was disgusting . Every typical , cookie cutter , gag for a teen sex comedy was used , so much so that I found this movie boring . A total waste of money .
 This was a decent little movie . It was very low budget , but like an early reviewer said it does n't feel like it after you continue to watch it . I almost turned it off in the first 15 minutes of the movie , but decided to stick it out . The storyline of the two bullies of the Frat picking on the smaller pledger had me hooked and I wanted to see the bullies get theirs.There are some some actors many will recognized in this movie -LRB- Sherminator for one -RRB- who all did a good job . The rest of the cast was pretty bad . I took this as just like one of those USA `` Up All Night '' movies . Its a `` American Pie/Animal House '' wannabee.Too much gross humor for me . Those are cheap laughs . I am starting to get tired of them and I everytime I see these movies I understand why the youth of America today does n't truly know what funny is . Its sad . Have guys do their thing on a cookie and the last man to `` pop '' eat it is on NOT , I REPEAT NOT FUNNY . ITS GROSS .
 One thing 's for sure : GOING GREEK will never be shown in the fraternal society.Few Frat guys may ask why this movie is called GOING GREEK , but few may even ask if it is even neccessary to transform these teens from Avrg . teenagers into frat guys.Final thougts : I am advising college teens NOT towatch this for a study of live in fraternity.Or for un.It 's just Boring.Boring Boring boring Boring .
 The jokes are lame and not funny . It brings scat humor to a new level . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 It 's a new school year , and that means fraternity initiations . The film is almost what you expect - not too dull , not very imaginative . However , two important caveats
 Wow ! Not since my brush with Beat Takeshi 's `` Hana-bi '' has a film tested the limits of my patience , for this film is neither engaging nor funny . Storytelling -LRB- thinly , a college student joins a fraternity so that his cousin can join too , not knowing that he is being used to defeat a rival fraternity -RRB- and character development -LRB- just look at the `` romance '' -RRB- , not to mention many missed opportunities at good humor , take a backseat in this 90-minute collection of what pretend to be disgusting -LRB- though well-meaning -RRB- gags . Even though some of the gags when left in isolation are quite funny , the supposed grossness of the movie quickly becomes boring since nothing apparently is at stake , so the gags exist without meaning . Surely someone with an inclination towards gross-out gags may enjoy it . Yet after repeated viewings , even he may find it frustrating to question , in ultimate futility , what is the urgency and the gravity that keeps our heroes performing these scenes.Though it 's admirable that the film was shot with an extremely low budget , it 's sad to see a slew of young talents with true potential bogged down in a film like this , especially the Plum One , Charlie Talbert , and his buddy , Chris Owen .
 I watched this movie because it was filmed mostly in my town , and I know some of the extras . It 's always fun to see your friends on the big screen and see familiar sites . But , this movie is too odd . By the main character 's name , &#34; Ida &#34; , I thought this must be taking place in an earlier decade . But it 's current by the automobiles . With all the perverts in the world today , what mother would let her daughter go with an old man and a group of strangers out on the road ? Besides that , the side stories are many and not completed . It 's just not a well written movie . But I thought the actiing was good ! I think my adult kids would be totally bored , as would my grandchildren .
 Reviews are funny things
 Alright , we should never hope for too much from films based on video games but the first two films were atleast decent with an actual plot ; escape the hive and then escape Raccoon City . This film 's plot really does n't come into play until the last 20 minutes or so . The first 1:10 minutes of this relatively short movie is simply divided up between watching Alice roam the desert , watching the band of survivors roam the desert and watching the evil scientist plot his experiments.The special effects are good and it was cool to see Alice with her new abilities but after that , it was n't much of a movie . The big shock value of seeing the world destroyed by the virus and the hordes of zombies did n't cover up the lack of a plot.Then , the movie just kind of ends with so many things unresolved . Yes I know , they did that on purpose so they can make a forth film and continue to rake money on mediocre films . If the film producers , writers and directors had any intregrity , they would have made this film atleast 2 hours long and wrapped up the story . Instead , at the pace the series is going , we 're in for several more films and it will become the next `` Friday The 13th '' series that never ever die ... sadly.The film only gets points for entertainment value ... this is n't a movie you will want to buy because it 's not worth watching again . Get it through netflix or just wait for it when it comes on TV .
 When they set such a high standard in Part 2 , you would expect the producers to come up with something better for Part 3 . But no , instead we get a brown-sand and brown-tone saturated film with absolutely no direction , except to let us glimpse one final shot at the end that tells us that there WILL be a Part Four.As an avid watcher of the first two parts , it seemed to me that things were finally coming together for the whole franchise . Milla Jovovich , normally a great actress , seemed to be having trouble getting into the skin of her character but there were moments in Part Two where she seemed more at ease being the superhero she was supposed to . However in Part Three , the ` Old West ' spin on things reduces the film to a caricature of itself , and there were points where I could not believe they would commit such hilarious segments to screen . There is one exceptionally poorly choreographed scene here that is an absolute rip off of the '50s cowboy flicks , with Milla playing ` gangsta ' . Even on paper , this looks ludicrous , but when you watch her fighting and mouthing these inane one-liners , you ca n't help but wonder where it all went wrong.Prime problem is the casting . Ali Larter -LRB- the psychotic blonde from `` Heroes '' -RRB- has no business being in this film . Her role could have been played from anyone as clueless as Lindsay Lohan to Paris Hilton . That 's how vaccuous the character is . And then there is Ashanti . Does anyone even remember Ashanti anymore ? How on earth did she land a movie role ? Thankfully , she is killed halfway through the film , in one of the more intentionally gory sequences , and yes , the movie did get a little better after this.Oh yes , and then you have the ` hero ' who ` gives up his life ' to ` save the world ' . Are we not tired yet of this theme ? In this particular scenario , he turns out to be a romantic interest for Milla Jovovich , but yes , parting is such sweet sorrow , so he says goodbye to everyone -LRB- a humungously long sequence that reminded me of some sordid Bollywood saga -RRB- and drives his vehicle into the zombie lair to explode the entire arena . That is not a spoiler , really , just a statement of how dumb this movie gets as it goes along.Sadly , the Milla connection does not work here . And what was up with her face ? EVERY SCENE that Milla 's face is in is digitally ` touched-up ' so that it looks like she stepped out of a L'Oreal Commercial . We are supposed to believe the woman looks this gorgeous all the time , when in fact the character is a filthy desert renegade , with biological problems to add to it . There were closeups of her that even had glitter and you could see how they tried hard to cake her face up with foundation . Everyone else looked really rough though . What was going on?Part Three of the Resident Evil Franchise is easily the WORST part of the series so far . I think Part Four should be better , because honestly they could not have sunk lower . The best part of this film was the opening when Milla is trapped in the facility and tries to break free . The revelation of the clones were interesting , but it all feels like I 've seen this before on some vapid TV Show . Currently , I would rate the video game and its ' bare-boned storyline higher than what they tried to do here.Very Disappointing . Back to the old drawing board , I guess.Two Generous Stars .
 This movie is bad - so bad , in fact , that I would rather it had n't been made.In lue of this travesty of film-making , watch Resident Evil
 Spoilers may follow , depending upon what trailers you seen or what your expectations are ... The things that set the Resident Evil movies apart from typical zombie movies have apparently been used up . This third installment in the series is best described as dumb . Not the good dumb that you get in the campy zombie movies that do n't pretend to take themselves or their subjects seriously , but the bad dumb where the movie is trying not to be dumb but still being dumb.The movie stars Alice , the mutantly-engineered butt-kicking heroine of the series . Only now her arsenal also includes some criminally underused powers -LRB- call it telekinesis for lack of something better -RRB- . Though her powers can tip any scale she still prefers good old fashioned boots and knives when she fights though - do n't ask me why , that is just how she rolls.Also in the movie -LRB- but hardly important -RRB- is a convoy of survivors uninfected by the zombie plague that is hard at work destroying the planet . They have apparently been on the move for some time nowbut have n't really learned much along the way and it soon becomesobvious that their survival is more about luck than any real skillor intelligence . Soon the survivors are being picked off en massas fodder to bloody up the action sequences - hey , the movie needssomeone for the zombies to kill , right ? Really , do n't bother getting attached to anyone they have zero effect on the story.Just like every other zombie film there are certain roles that must be filled . You must have the hero/heroin who chooses to die with spectacular honor and intestinal fortitude despite their death actually accomplishing nothing that could n't have been accomplished in some other manner . You must have the infected person who hides their infection from everyone and then at the worst possible time when everyone is already neck deep in trouble they turn into a zombie and attack some unsuspecting person.The movie is full of stupid things like this . How about crows carrying people around and pushing out windows ? Yup , you 've even got those.Really the movie runs in circles setting up one brief fight with another but it is only action for the sake of action . The plot here is almost non-existent , the characters are disposable , and the villain is entirely forgettable .
 This is no way near as good as the first two movies . This was a big disappointment . First of all , movies where there are just desert and sand really turn me off . They 're boring and not much to look at . The zombies were very cheesey . No where near being scary as they were in the first two . They do n't look like zombies when they run around quickly , nimbly and attack with accuracy . And the main `` boss '' of the movie was supposed to give fans what they want in a Resident Evil fell FLAT !! I do n't want to spoil it for you , but you 'll see . No where near what the games produced . The problem of the movie was the pace and the story . Somewhere between the Road Warrior -LRB- Which was a better post-apocalyptic movie then this one -RRB- and Day of the Dead . If you are familar with the original `` Day of the Dead '' you 'll see what I mean.I recommend you NOT pay the 10.00 admission ticket to see this movie . Instead wait until you can see it on cable , or rent it from the library for 3.00 . That 's if you are a fan of the series & games.That 's it .
 The first RE intrigued me for the initial 10-15 minutes
 WARNING
 The Resident Evil series -LRB- games and movies -RRB- need to be brought to an end . I fell in love with R.E. 2 and have been a supporter since but lately the games and the movies are just rediculous . The first movie was cool , the second not as good -LRB- which is usuall -RRB- and this last installment is just plain stupid . And for those people that say `` do n't judge the movie cuz the game '' , shut up ! The only reason they made the movie was beacuase of the game and its fans and supporters . This movie has nothing to do with R.E. except for the title . It disgusts me that they have destroyed such a classic . Everything must have an end and it 's about time for R.E. and Milla Jovovitch . She looked horrible and her acting was just par . The end of the movie only confirms that my statement . IF you can find some joy in this movie I am happy for you . I did not see this in the theater and just finished watching the rental and I am so sad I did . The creators have the distinct pleasure of tarnishing my favourite game .
 As I watched Resident Evil
 I really dug the first Resident Evil for its tight plot and superior set design . Apocolypse was more average thanks in large part to the movie 's clumsy handling of the Nemesis monster.Now comes Extinction , possibly the last and definitely the least in the series.Extinction takes place several years after the 2nd . The T-virus has turned the Earth into Planet Zombie and there are scattered tribes of humans trying to survive by any means they can . One group , led by Ali Larter from Heroes , and including a couple of characters from Apocolypse , meet up with Alice -LRB- Milla Jovovich -RRB- who has isolated herself from human contact because of the scary new powers she obtained from the Umbrella Corporation . The company , which has survived the holocaust by going underground , has been searching for her to continue it 's experiments . Which of course begs the question ; if there is no one left on Earth , why bother ? And how will they continue experimenting ? What with humanity being wiped out and all . But you know big corporations , always in it to make a buck , even if there are no economies left . Anyway , once they find her they unleash a group of zombies to try to kill her friends . This leads to the inevitable showdown between Alice & Dr. Isaacs who has turned into some kind of monster after being infected with an advance strain of the T-virus . I ca n't fault the director for trying to film RE : E in a different fashion from the first two movies -LRB- broad daylight instead of night -RRB- but Extinction does n't contain a a shred of suspence and by using P.O.V. shots some of the action is filmed so up close you ca n't tell what 's happenening . Like the caravan in the desert , Extinction wanders aimlessly looking for ... something ... anything.But the movie does accomplish something . Like every other flick Jovovich does , it somehow manages to get her out of her clothes . I ca n't believe I 'm writing this but I 'm getting sick of seeing her naked . It just goes to show you just how far Resident Evil has fallen .
 movie is disappointing , the movie doesnt measure up to the video gamesi watched the movie with disgust and slight resentment of a butchered video game , the movie sucks for the following reasons : forgettable plottired rip off of other filmsplayed out clichedont waste your time with resident evil apocalypse , it is a waste of timestick to the video games like resident evil 4 and 5 , they are fun and an entertainment
 This is one of those movie series in which it becomes progressively worse with each installment . Not much I can say , but the women are atypical stereotypes of the aggressive females ; long on angst and short on acting skills . Laughable plots and more laughable are the actors trying to reach out `` acting '' . If you like sci-fi action flicks -LRB- there are boring sequences -RRB- , this is pretty good . But do n't ever expect Oscar performances in these movies . I guess no one really does .
 Well I have been waiting for this movie to come out so that I can download it and watch it . I want to rent it however , not buy a file that I may not be able to use at a latter time , so I am immensely frustrated that I will not be able to circumvent the brick and morter store , which by the way is out . I understand that this is a place for reviewing the movie , but I am annoyed at the Sell but no Rent option . !! - R -
 One star because I can not give it no stars.A feeble excuse to move from one fight/shooting/zombie scene to the next . No plot . No story . No excuse.The laziest excuse for a movie I have seen in a long , long time .
 i only rented this cause a friend told me too , and thats the last time i take my friends advice on movies . now i didnt see the first 2 but im glad i didnt , cause this movie didnt entertain me at all . i love zombie movies and even though there were zombies in this film it wasnt as gory as it should be and zombie films should be funny and gory . this was neither . this should only appeal to the die hard fans of this trilogy and im praying those are few and far between
 I have to go one star on this.First off , there was no story whatsoever . And consider - Im a fan of the previous two movies . I know sometimes people say the plot sucked , or was virtually nonexistent in a movie . But in this movie , the plot wasnt virtually nonexistent , there absolutely was no plot at all . The movie was just a series of scenes loosely connected together.Speaking of which , I counted at least 5 scenes that were direct rip offs of much better movies . Did they think no one would notice they just pulled the `` bob '' scene directly out of Romero 's film ? Its like the movie was written by committee - or a 12 year old . Maybe a committee of 12 year olds?Oh , and lastly , what in the world did they do to Milla 's face ? She was CGI 'd the whole movie - and it looked ridiculous . They had one of the most beautiful women on film , and then turn her face into a bizarre photochop experiment ? I really really hope this isnt the future of films , she looked like a freak.In a word . Awful .
 I missed this flick when it came out and I should have left it that way because this is a terrible movie . I bought the DVD because I am a fan of the series but I wasted my money and time . Extinction is a tired plot with no suspenseful build-up , just a bunch of shooting in the hot desert sun as zombies fall thisaway and thataway.The only good thing I can say about Extinction is that Milla Jovovich looks good no matter how ratty her clothes are . For that , this wreck gets one star .
 So far the Unbox project is a total loss . I 've purchased -LRB- not rented -RRB- videos that I ca n't even access anymore . My library rarely is correct on what items I have purchased . I have yet to get ANY help from Amazon regarding these problems.This is just icing on the cake of the crud service Unbox represents . I highly recommend not using Unbox service until they turn it around or at least admit to the countless bugs it has.The actual movie is fun for people that enjoy this genre .
 First she could make your nose bleed with a thought -LRB- apocalypse -RRB- , now she uses her powers to burn birds . And apparently she can be turned on and off with a switch . This one is longer and more boring , and the clones at the end , that was even worse . This is not resident evil , this is a bad mix between mad max and whatever they could think of . Milla is a good actress , but this Alice character is more robot than human . 28 weeks later and Warning sign are better than this one .
 I could go on about just how terrible this movie was , in every respect from the acting to the plot to character development , but I supposes I wasted enough time watching it .
 First , as a giant resident evil fan and someone who plays all games this movie is a HUGE mistake . It 's one thing for it to be a movie with some parts of a game like the first two movies , but this movie is just horrible . With the first movie getting just a taste of the original game with a whole new story written into it along with the second one allowing Nemesis to be involved for some reason even though he was in the 3rd game not the second . Finally , this movie is just totally wrong and had nothing to do with any game and allowing another movie to be lined up is even worse . The new movie has no resident evil touch in it besides the crows and the tyrant which if you play the games you know that the crows do n't ATTACK and that the TYRANT is in a totally different game and has nothing to do with this stupid story line . I think this movie should have been scrapped from the script stage . If you 're going to make a game into a movie do it like Silent Hill and follow the story line of the GAME . It 's not right to do parts of things with your own touch to it cause from my personnal view this movie is garbage . I would n't advise anyone see this movie for any reason unless you follow nothing of the game . The clones of the main character is just stupid and leaves number
 Good special effects ... plot is shot.Pretty star as supergirl does n't cut it .
 Well I decided that I wanted to get this first thing on Tuesday morning , so when I woke up I could watch this . Big mistake , it is currently 2 January and it has not been able to be downloaded to my computer , whereas I could have gotten it from Wal-Mart when I was there at 1 am on the 1st . Anyways this just goes to prove do n't pre-order these movies ...
 I own a Sony Bravia KDL-46V2500 -LRB- 46 inch LCD -RRB- which is full HD -LRB- 1080p -RRB- and my Sony VAIO VGN-FZ180E / B 15.4 '' Notebook with a Blu-Ray drive is linked to the LCD via a Sony STR-DA5300ES receiver which has both Dolby TrueHD and dts-HD Master Audio support . I have more than 20 Blu-Ray discs , all of which play perfectly well with this setup . I bought the RE3 Blu-Ray knowing that it was one of Sony 's first Profile 1.1 releases because it was promised that you could still play the disc even if you had Profile 1.0 -LRB- but you would obviously miss out on some of the special features like PIP and I was okay with that -RRB- . My software player is WinDVD BD -LRB- the latest version which does n't support Version 1.1 playback -RRB- . WinDVD came out with a press release saying that it was certified as 1.1 compliant in end Nov. 2007 , but an upgrade or patch to that effect is yet to be released as far as I know . Bottom line , I have a movie I love on my hands , but a disc that does n't work . I am sure that more Blu-ray laptop/desktop owners are gon na start complaining about this issue en masse soon . . Addendum
 Resident Evil Extinction was ok , I 'd watch it again , but I would have to be really bored to do so . It took too long for the action to start and once it did , there not enough of it . I 'm also not a big fan of one the actors that played in this installment but thank goodness that person had a small part.Resident Evil and Resident Evil Apocalypse were much better . I 'd highly recommend those two movies . Sometimes it 's best to quit while you 're a head and that is what they should have done .
 I love the first Resident Evil . The second one is ok . This one is the worst one for me . There are some good action scenes , but nothing new or interesting . It 's quite boring I think . If you 're thinking about buying it , think twice . Rent it first .
 Frankly , I do n't mind the resident evil movies , but I do n't like them that much either but this third installment is just ... lousy , of course the zombies look great and there are plenty of cool action shots etc , its a hollywood product so that can go without saying and since it should be expected does n't play any role as to how I rated this film.What I 'm talking about is the total lack of any story , characters still so stupid they do n't immediately aim for the head -LRB- though they finally have a few gooey headshots though no complete head splatters but the majority are the quick head jerk cut aways from resident evils past -RRB- , and total lack of any sort of characterization aside from lining up for food , driving , searching for cigarettes or screaming while getting eaten that 's it and even that 's done on a completely generic level , I did n't care about any of the 1 dimensional characters , exactly as in the previous resident evil movies . The lack of any cool mutations showing up , as in the video games , is really disappointing though the evil scientist mutating into the monster from the end of the original video game did make me shout with glee , but too little too late.Anyway this movie is definitely not worth seeing in theaters , it does nothing the other two did n't already do before and even when it throws in something seemingly new it 's taken directly from the original resident evil video game -LRB- the crows and boss mutation -RRB- instead of at least using a more recent game , anyway should n't they have done that kinda thing earlier , you know in the first movie ! Simply wait for it to come out on DVD and rent it if you just have to see it .
 Resident Evil
 Running Time
 The first copy did n't play to end I am still waiting for a replacement when is this going to happen ???????
 Hi . I 've just watched the Resident Evil - Extinction . And I 'll like to make a few comments -LSB- please forgive my poor english and gramme mistake -RSB- . Where is Alice 's character ? Alice seen to be getting more gutless . She point a gun everywhere she goes in the gas station . Remember how Alice used to be in Apocalypse - steady , calm and cool.What has Alice become '' a human being with supernature power . Moving stones and motorbike into the air . Burning microchip in Satetile ? '' Alice becomes X-MEN after the escape in Apocalypse.Why is there so many supporting actors and actress . Milla looks like leading supporting actress rather than playing the leading role in the movie.The mansion in resident evil - death is no escape is above ground . Now they buried it deep underground . For what ? Cut and paste to make the movie lengthy and fighting scene for Alice and Dr Sam Issac?And where is Jill Valentine and Angie Ashford . MIA -LRB- Missing In Action -RRB- . No telling whether they are - dead or alive or hiding in Alsaka.Injecting T-virus + antivirus make you human and you do it couple of times you becomes monster that heals instantly . You bet Dr. Sam Isaacs will reanimate and come back alive in next resident evil.If you wants to see Milla Jovovich in actions get Resident Evil - Apocalypse and Resident Evil - Death is no escape and UltraViolet `` Director Cut '' -LRB- I 'm still waiting . -RRB- 5 Stars for Milla Jovovich and 2 stars for the plot .
 I am a big fan of Milla Jovovich . But I must say I also do n't cut her much if any slack if her movies stink . I liked the first Resident Evil movie and thought the second one was just plain horrible . I had heard from several people and from several reviews that this movie basically was a dog . I must say that after watching it that I thought it was n't that bad and was superior to # 2 . I liked Milla 's action scenes and though the movie was n't as good as the first it was entertaining .
 The one thing I can honsetly say that I did not like was not getting an explanation for what happened during Alice 's time with the Umbrella Corporation.Also the notable absence of Jill Valentine or Angela , the doctor 's daughter.All in all the movie was n't bad , but it seems to leave more questions than answers.I would have liked to have seen Alice 's powers progress more seeing that in the last movie she was taken away to a facility where she could master them better.Still , it was a good sci-fi horror action movie .
 Watching this third installment of Resident Evil is like watching The Empire Strikes Back without having seen any other Star Wars movies . The T-virus has devastated the world and Alice has escaped from where she was et the end of the second movie . Everything is dying and there are few remaining survivors . Alice meets up with a convoy of survivors while the Umbrella Corporation is trying to find her to further their own research.Alice knows some of the people in the convoy and there is a history . There are references to events not in the previous movies . Alice exhibits some new talents . But in the end it seems like very little has happened or been resolved.I really enjoyed the first two movies but was at a loss with this one . I am convinced that in order to appreciate this movie you have to by the two-movie edition of the first films that includes the important linking story . I wish they had included it with this movie as I do n't feel like buying the other two a second time . This movie is set in the desert and the daylight thus giving it a different feel than the other two . But it is the lack of a complete story that is its downfall . With no real beginning or end this is just a snapshot in time . I ca n't really recommend this one .
 The Resident Evil series is one of the most famous video game sagas in existance , right up there with Dragon Warrior , Final Fantasy , Madden , Mario , etc. . The stories are full of twists and dark secrets , and the games are nothing but fun , especially lately with Resident Evil 4 winning game of they year many times over and Resident Evil 5 looking amazing.That being said , the movies are disappointing . I would n't call them bad , and they definately are n't good , but disappointing they are . I personally liked the first movie . It had style and environment , and that made up for the fact that it had absolutely nothing to do with they game . However , as the trilogy went on , the lack of the real story really hurt the series and ultimately doomed it.While better than the mess that was the second movie , Resident Evil Road Warrior -LRB- i.e. Extinction -RRB- still comes up short of both the environment and style of the first movie as well as the whole premise of the video games which made Resident Evil cool in the first place .
 When they set such a high standard in Part 2 , you would expect the producers to come up with something better for Part 3 . But no , instead we get a brown-sand and brown-tone saturated film with absolutely no direction , except to let us glimpse one final shot at the end that tells us that there WILL be a Part Four.As an avid watcher of the first two parts , it seemed to me that things were finally coming together for the whole franchise . Milla Jovovich , normally a great actress , seemed to be having trouble getting into the skin of her character but there were moments in Part Two where she seemed more at ease being the superhero she was supposed to . However in Part Three , the ` Old West ' spin on things reduces the film to a caricature of itself , and there were points where I could not believe they would commit such hilarious segments to screen . There is one exceptionally poorly choreographed scene here that is an absolute rip off of the '50s cowboy flicks , with Milla playing ` gangsta ' . Even on paper , this looks ludicrous , but when you watch her fighting and mouthing these inane one-liners , you ca n't help but wonder where it all went wrong.Prime problem is the casting . Ali Larter -LRB- the psychotic blonde from `` Heroes '' -RRB- has no business being in this film . Her role could have been played from anyone as clueless as Lindsay Lohan to Paris Hilton . That 's how vaccuous the character is . And then there is Ashanti . Does anyone even remember Ashanti anymore ? How on earth did she land a movie role ? Thankfully , she is killed halfway through the film , in one of the more intentionally gory sequences , and yes , the movie did get a little better after this.Oh yes , and then you have the ` hero ' who ` gives up his life ' to ` save the world ' . Are we not tired yet of this theme ? In this particular scenario , he turns out to be a romantic interest for Milla Jovovich , but yes , parting is such sweet sorrow , so he says goodbye to everyone -LRB- a humungously long sequence that reminded me of some sordid Bollywood saga -RRB- and drives his vehicle into the zombie lair to explode the entire arena . That is not a spoiler , really , just a statement of how dumb this movie gets as it goes along.Sadly , the Milla connection does not work here . And what was up with her face ? EVERY SCENE that Milla 's face is in is digitally ` touched-up ' so that it looks like she stepped out of a L'Oreal Commercial . We are supposed to believe the woman looks this gorgeous all the time , when in fact the character is a filthy desert renegade , with biological problems to add to it . There were closeups of her that even had glitter and you could see how they tried hard to cake her face up with foundation . Everyone else looked really rough though . What was going on?Part Three of the Resident Evil Franchise is easily the WORST part of the series so far . I think Part Four should be better , because honestly they could not have sunk lower . The best part of this film was the opening when Milla is trapped in the facility and tries to break free . The revelation of the clones were interesting , but it all feels like I 've seen this before on some vapid TV Show . Currently , I would rate the video game and its ' bare-boned storyline higher than what they tried to do here.Very Disappointing . Back to the old drawing board , I guess.Two Generous Stars .
 DVD did not play nor was the beginning in English . You get what you pay for , I payed for crap and I got crap .
 What a missed opportunity one just about every level . After the first film -LRB- which was just OK -RRB- then the second , which is my favorite in the series , but still not a great flick , comes Resident Evil
 i really liked the first resident evil and the second was ok , but not the worst movie i 'd ever seen . this one was worse than the second ... but again , not the worst movie i 've ever seen . the action was really good and bloody , but the story was just terrible and the final fight was SUPER lame . the only reason i did n't completely hate the film was that i saw it for free with a coupon that came with the resident evil two pack . if i 'd had to pay to see it , i would have been very upset . however , like a sucker i will probably go to the theater to see the next installment , if it is ever made . by the way , the worst movie ever is `` the core ''
 Lame third Resident Evil film with a horde of zombies . And false advertising - no skin ? I would not recommend it .
 Too many things that make no sense make this difficult to get emotionally invested . E.g. the desert installation has a chain link fence that can hold up against 500 + zombies leaning on it , with no zombie even climbed it -LRB- we know they can do it per the first 2 movies -RRB- . Where did this batch of zombies come from anyway ? The installation supposedly was isolated from the start , so how did the zombie figured this out -LRB- w / no brains -RRB- . The corpses of the cloned Alice stay nice and fresh for days on end . Out in the open desert . With no crows eating them . Why do they have to throw them in a ditch -- why not just chuck it over the fence and feed the zombies -LRB- help a brother out -RRB- . That 's just in the first 10 minutes of the movie.action sequences are so-so , nothing that had n't been done the last two times.Quality of the video transfer is excellent with very few undesirable enhancements.The sound seems too clean , lacks a desert ambiance . E.g. , Alice 's voice over of what happened to the world lack a desert grittiness , sounded like a nice voice over in an expensive studio .
 idk what happened after the second one but i sure dropped in quality this one just plain out wasnt that good
 Resident evil originated from a survival horror video game , where unlike a first person shooter , the emphasis was on conservation of ammo , and puzzle solving.As the series progressed , say by RE Code Veronica , the creature designs got more and more interesting and the plots more enveloping.So did this translate to the last movie adaption?Instead we get a bizarre decision to make our main character Mila -LRB- who is hot at least -RRB- to develop increasingly powerful psychic abilities . Abilities that allow her to essentially destroy any number of baddies with a grimace.You do n't need to have a literary degree to know that giving your good guy all the superpowers does n't make for good movie watching .
 In Resident Evil
 If you interested in watching this movie via download , you will have to wait just like me . As of Jan 2 08 Unbox has not made this available for download . I have preordered the movie and have not been able to download it yet . I hope its worth the wait . Happy New Year . .
 These movies have been very bad and are to be listed as `` unhealthy Cult Entertainment '' . The director of this movie would not know a good script or cast if he saw one . Everyone looks clueless and wooden in the parts , and Milla Jovovich should find better movie roles to do then this . That is if Hollywood ever sends her a good script to begin with .
 As a guy who plays the games I can say as a fan of Resident Evil that watching this movie is equivalent to being violated by a rusty chainsaw . Alice is n't so much a character as an eldritch abomination feeding on the competence of everyone from the games . What 's worse Alice 's powers do n't make sense even in the often absurd rules of the games
 BORING !!! Big disappointment !!! Nothing like the other two , this third try should have been GREAT !! But it is a serious FLOP ! Extintion is EXTINCT!If you have time to waste on a movie , then RENT do not buy , better yet borrow from a friend - they probably wo n't want it back either .
 this movie was a little on the corny side to me ! the only thing i liked about this movie is how all of the original characters from part two all died ! other then that ... i wish i could get my money back from the movie ticket !
 Little better than a Hallmark film , Away From Her is written , shot and scored with a sentimentality that is no less tedious for being restrained . Julie Christie is convincingly vague , but Olympia Dukakis grates on the nerves and Gordon Pinsent carries impassive non-acting to the verge of paralysis .
 This is a horrible movie ! Nobody under 60 could honestly say they enjoyed it ! I could see how senior citizen could like it . I 'd rather stare at the wall .
 I tried to watch this movie on a flight . It was so bad I ended up starring off into space for 3 hours than watch it , and I 'll just about watch anything on TV . Only senior citizens can possibly like it .
 I expected more from these actors and this much acclaimed film . I thought it was boring as all get out . It kept jumping around sequentially and at one point I realized it had taken about 15 minutes just to watch the male lead pull up to a house , park his car , and go up to the door , and I still was unsure of who the person who answered the door was.Gordon Pinsent had only one facial expression the whole 30 or 45 minutes I watched . Everybody except the tour guide at the nursing home talked in the same subdued voices.If anyone cares , there definitely was at least one F word ; the husband uses it towards his wife when she teases him and he ca n't take it.Lots of unrealistic stuff . Why would the husband leave his wife 's room and then zip his fly and buckle his belt in the public hallway of the nursing home ? Does he have Alzheimers too ? I could n't keep watching long enough to find out . Fiona deciding that it was time to go into full care seemed absurd . Most people use in-home care or assisted care until their condition progresses too far . I 've never heard of anyone just deciding to check themselves into full care ; usually people fight it tooth and nail , do n't even want to give up their drivers license . Would you let someone with Alzheimers go off crosscountry skiing alone and not go looking for them till it 's almost dark?I thought the care facility was unrealistic , but now that I 've read that the film is Canadian , it may well be accurate , just not what we Americans are used to . My aunt went into a Canadian nursing home and it was somewhat like the one in the film and she did n't have lots of money . In fact -LRB- and this is less than 10 years ago -RRB- she had about $ 100,000 total assets and her attorney told me it would last her about 10 years in that nursing home . -LRB- Try that in the U.S. ! -RRB- Contrast that with my mother , who had dementia , and ended up in a top echelon nursing home in a major U.S. city , that could n't hold a candle to the one in the film . Even so , it was where the elite of the city ended up -- a former newscaster , head of a large nonprofit , CEO 's , etc. . Do n't get me wrong , it was a very nice nursing home , just not the luxury level depicted in the movie .
 One of the most disappointing overhyped films I 've ever seen.To me , this movie was a comedy . I had to laugh at this lameportrayal of someone with Alzheimer 's . -LRB- `` It 's time for me togo to the nursing home , darling . '' -RRB- Does anyone on this 4 starslist have a family member with Alzheimer 's ? A more realisticfilm is A Song for Martin - but even that only scrapes thesurface . Prepare yourself for one or all of the above in thereal world of Alzheimer 's
 This movie made me angry , because it makes Alzheimer 's look so much more benign than it is . Most caregivers are forced to keep their Alzheimer 's victim at home for much longer . And where are the rages , the suspicion , the accusations , the delusions , the paranoia , the halluciations , the catastrophic reactions , the hitting and screaming that a caregiver must suffer through ? Where is the diaper changing ? Where are the sleepless nights ? To enter a facility like Fiona does , one must be exceedingly wealthy , even in Canada , I imagine . And why end the movie on a up-beat note - where she is remembering momentarily ? It gives the impression that things will get better when they only get worse .
 I know I am in the minority here but I have been a caregiver for my wife who has had Alzheimer 's disease for more than 6 years and so have firsthand experience with the ravages of the disease . This movie is unrealistic , absurd , and preposterous . It 's difficult enough to get people to understand what Alzheimer 's disease is like ; a ridiculous film like this does n't help and does a disservice to the victims of the disease and those who care for them . The film makers seem clueless about Alzheimer 's disease -- shame on them . Skip this film and instead watch `` A Song For Martin . ''
 Agreeing with a previous review , I found this film to be extremely unrealistic in terms of what the experience of Alzheimer 's is like -LRB- the character of Fiona had dependable and insightful short-term memory , for the most part , though she was confused randomly -RRB- ; and what long-term care facilities are like . Maybe they are significantly different in Canada . As a gerontologist , I kept wanting to point out numerous inaccuracies . Not allowed to visit one 's relative for the 1st 30 days of a stay ? Big open spaces , with the long-term care facility staff having ample time to sit and chat with visitors ? I do n't think so . Then there is the issue of whose responsibility it is to help the residents keep fit . Why did n't staff have Fiona talk to a psychologist or psychiatrist ? Many problems with this . HOWEVER , Julie Christie and Olympia Dukakis are wonderful to see in action . The husband was about as animated as the man Fiona befriends who can not speak or do much of anything . But the female actors -LRB- including the nurse -RRB- were great .
 Normally I would consider giving this beautiful movie four of five stars . But this DVD comes with a prequel , in which the actors explain to the audience just what a terrible ordeal Alzheimer 's is . I suppose that 's to ensure that those of us who do not get the point of the movie will still get the message . If the filmmakers are going to use the DVD as a bully pulpit , should not the DVD be free ?
 ... it just does n't seem to be realistic or well written . The choppy sequencing does nothing to add to the story line , and , as another reviewer commented , none of the characters is very likeable . The portrayal of Alzheimer 's Disease is n't very typical from my experience . Away From Her is one of those films that you begin watching , hoping a good story will develop ... only to find out that you 're still waiting for that story an hour into the movie . Overall , I would say this film would be a decent effort for a first-time filmmaker -LRB- which it is -RRB- , but it 's nothing near what an Oscar-nominated production should be .
 I heard about this movie from a radio talk show host who said he saw it on an airplane and it was one of the best movies he has seen . Two red flags
 This appears to be a re-release of the 2010 film called `` 13 hours . `` Sarah -LRB- Isabella Calthorpe -RRB- , who has been away from home for a long time , returns to England from LA. . The house is being remodeled . We are introduced to Duncan -LRB- Simon MacCorkindale -RRB- , Sarah 's stepfather . There are some bill issues and mom is away for ... ? but will return in a couple of days . She is accused of keeping a boyfriend and draining the family of money . Sarah joins her brother out in the garage/barn where we are introduced to the rest of the gang . She has 3 brothers
 Set in the murky English countryside , NIGHT WOLF could have been a worthy werewolf saga . The operable word here is COULD ; poor lighting , a muddled , predictable script and weak performances sabotage the film 's effectiveness . The effects are likewise unimaginative and the movie employs lots of screaming and jittery camera work to elicit the suspense.Isabella Calthorpe and REVENGE 's Joshua Bowman struggle but ca n't overcome the material . AMERICAN WEREWOLF and THE HOWLING are still the most enjoyable wolf-tales . Watch them instead .
 One of the reasons I decided to give this a try was because of the `` From one of the producers of Dog Soldiers '' on the cover . Dog Soldiers is a great a movie . Unfortunately , the producer they got for this film must have been the one that sucked , cause this movie was bad . The `` big name '' Tom Felton is killed off early on , leaving you with some truly horrific acting . The special effects were less than lack luster . And if that was n't bad enough , the `` werewolf '' looked truly horrible . I 've seen better makeup on kids at halloween.The only good thing about the movie was ... wait . . there was n't any.Absolutely do n't waste your time on this , unless you want to see the crappiest werewolf movie since Full Moon High . -LRB- at least that was comical ! -RRB-
 this is apparently a classic in France , but there are much better French farces , especially those by francis veber , such as the dinner game
 When I pruchased this DVD the description made no indication that it was in any particular language , but it did indicate that the DVD format type was compatible in Canada and the US . Yes , I knew it was a French film . However , given it was of a format for the North American market I made the presumption it at least had subtitles . It does n't . Since there is an option in the description profile to input the language , it is reasonable to expect the seller to advise the user of the language in the film and whether there are subtitles.Even in light of their poor description of this item the seller was not cooperative on a return .
 All in all a great movie ... . If I understood what they were saying . I speak French ok , but was hoping to get subtitles . You will NOT find subtitles . Disregard what other reviews you have read .
 First off , a word of warning . This movie and the 2007 All Hallows Eve version -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0016PNM9Y/ref=docs-os-doi_0 -RRB- are EXACTLY the same movie . I guess someone decided to repackage the movie for a new release.Beyond that , this is a low budget indie horror movie . Minimal blood , minimal nudity.Not great , but not that bad . I 've paid more to watch worse .
 I vaguely remember seeing this as a first run movie `` way back when '' and remembered it as being much better . I recently rewatched it and was disappointed . Betty Grable is as gorgeous as ever and does a good job with what she has to work with but the story is silly and the movie drags . Betty , in a dual role as Angelina , ruling countess of an Italian principality , and her ancestor Francesca , struggles to save her country from a Hungarian invasion . In the process the ghost of Francesca makes the Hungarian leader fall in love with her and , by association , with Angelina . There is the typical Hollywood happy ending even though it defies all logic . I wish I could recommend it higher but it was all I could do to finish .
 The worst Betty Grable movie I have ever tried to watch . The acting is poor and the plot is stupid . I bought a copy taken off of the movie channel . I did not know it was not put out by a studio . It was advertised as new . A copy is not new in my opionion . Do not waste your money .
 Received the item in what appeared to be `` new '' condition , but when we watched it , there were many parts that stopped and started and jumped . Several places we missed because of the quality of the tape . I had thrown away the outer package , so do n't know how to send it back for a replacement , but it was definitely `` not new '' . Please help me to get a refund or a replacement .
 After reading the book 3 times , I was disapointed in the movie script . The Captain played by Robert Mitchum was assumed to have many children in the town -LRB- due to the many town kids who had his trademark coal black wavy hair -RRB- His wife was homely and was of high moral fiber . His own son Theron was strong , smart and very athletic . His mother doted on him and his father taught him how to hunt . Theron got Libby pregnant and Libby 's father thought it was the Captain and shot him to death . Theron disapeared in the woods and was never found and the Captains wife died a broken woman who never knew her husband 's love . If the movie would have followed the book , it would have been a far better movie !
 I ordered Home from the Hill because I remember it being partially filmed in a neighboring town when I was a young teen . When I saw the movie at that tender age I had really liked it . It was a trip down memory lane . Unfortunately , the movie did not age well on any level . The novel is wonderful I would love to see an updated movie version of it .
 Another film that gets better treatment on the PAL release -LRB- 1.85:1 -RRB- . But on the US -LRB- NTSC -RRB- release we get Chop & Crop -LRB- 1.33 Pan & Scan -RRB- . Another one I will pass on and rated 1 star because of this !!
 I enjoyed the accent . I enjoyed the period costuming and hair styles . That is pretty much where it ends though.I do n't think that the movie made it 30 seconds straight without someone dropping the `` F '' bomb . The `` bad '' language was forced and it showed . It did nothing to improve the story . It was like watching Lavern and Shirley with potty mouths.All of the men in the story were pictured as stupid , controlling and abusive . The two women showed the only intelligence in the movie . Even the male cop was a doughnut eating cliche , trying to get what he wants through intimidation . You can only think of him as stupid.I watched the movie because it has such glowing reviews and it had Bruce Willis in it . I wish someone would have told me that you had to have the maturity of a high-school sophomore to appreciate the language and exaggerated fighting . By the time you get to the end you are exhausted by all of the yelling and fighting.Aside from all of that , it was slow , boring and tedious . I would not recommend it to anyone with more than one brain cell .
 This movie worked as well as Bruce and Demi 's marriage . Bad phony Jersey accents and horrible acting by Bruce and Demi . Is this what Hollywood considers its A-List ? I hope not because you need to huff a Costco size can of whipping cream to sit through this boring movie . Mary had a little lamb who said this movie is baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaddddd . Only watch if you feel like a laugh and want to judge some poor acting . Bruce does crack a joke about a guy losing his hair Mr. Moorhead who has more head than hair . I guess the hair kharma police came for Bruce soon after .
 This is a terribly boring movie with a totally predictable plot . Basically the only point of this movie is too look at the buff bodies of the gymnasts . My wife liked the six pack abs , but I could not stand to watch this stupid movie .
 Loved it when i had watched it when i was 13 . But now that i am 26 ... It was bad . Soooo bad ! There really was n't a story line . It was just awful .
 I rated it low because I thought I was getting a DVD . Otherwise I would rate it as 5 stars because I love the movie .
 I wasted two weeks of my life working in this film . When it was filming in Phoenix , Az. . Terrible story . Mitch Gaylord was stuck up . Pass on this .
 I guess that was just the rebel nature in him ... C'mon this is one of those flicks that made use of every possible cliche , and relied on a soundtrack to sell it ... Eighties teen cinema at it 's absolute worst.Do not bother with this unless Andy Taylor 's killer music video is still included on current copies , it 's the only reason I let this stinker take up any shelf space , and the only reason it 's getting a one star rating.Don ' t say I did n't warn you ...
 I remember watching this movie when I was much younger , when Mitch Gaylord was basking in his Olympics fame . I looked for this movie in the discounted bin at WalMart for many years , but never found it . Decided to buy from Amazon to see if it is what I remembered . Unfortunatley , I must have been too young , because this movie was a dissapointment . My husband enjoyed Janet Jones though , cute . It was fun to walk down memory lane , but skip this movie .
 Much as I love Jenna Fisher -LRB- that 's why I watched the movie -RRB- , this was n't really a successful mockumentary . I got the jokes -- the thrust of the film is poking fun at the mindset of those who wrap up their self-importance in the guise of trying to help others -- but the comedy just fell flat here . Much as I wanted to like it , I did n't .
 We love Jenna Fischer 's acting , but we found this quite slow and awkward , like a high-end student film . The pacing was slow and the gags just not that amusing . It was essentially one extended not-terribly-funny joke , and rather painful to watch . We could n't make it through more than half of the movie ; it just felt like an uncomfortable waste of time and money .
 I am a big fan of the Office , and of the mockumentaries mentioned , and of just good old regular documentaries , which are often funny unintentionally.I thought there were a few bright moments in this otherwise strained mockumentary . But not nearly enough to make it worth watching.I just did n't like it at all . Although I must say it mocked everything bad about today 's affluent yuppie culture . For my money I 'll take the utterly horrid couple in Best in Show - the Lawyers with Braces ! on My Mac , at Starbucks ! It was sooo good . -LRB- Best in Show -RRB- Lolli-love was not .
 I thought this film was interesting because i can see it appears everywhere online ; nevertheless , it was really boring and ridiculous and superficial ; after seeing the first 20 minutes , i tried to surf through the movie and then turned it off . Not was even worth a laugh !
 The title of the film and the cast would seem to portend a fun and interesting movie . Alas , this is not the case . The story line is such an over-used one , with quirky patches , and the acting is barely adequate . What a waste of such a talent as Scott Thompson . I was disappointed in the film from beginning to end and actually had to almost discipline myself to watch it to the end , since I had purchased it . After considering it , I later decided to watch it again , and my reaction had n't changed , but knowing what was coming seemed to make the movie even more insipid .
 Ok ... Leave your joke in the comment box , I 'm sure it 's hilarious . As for this movie , it WAS hilarious ... at first ... but it quickly got old . Its about four gay friends , the summer before college , on a mission to get laid . Along the way they meet their fair share of weird characters and it 's pretty much the same as 1000 other coming of age teen comedies , except for the gay part ... This movie has some really funny parts , especially the interaction with the lesbians , THAT was classic ! Unfortunately , they continue focusing on the one subject , and the jokes just stop being funny after about twenty minutes or so . It 's a cool idea , it 's a gutsy film to make , and I give praise to everyone brave enough to be a part of it . It probably would have been good if it was n't so narrow-minded .
 it was ok but i wouldnt have bought it if i seen the movie before hand
 I was really hoping that this movie would be a truly funny movie dealing with gay issues . However , in my opinion it was a movie that was very closely modelled on the movie `` American Pie '' , but a lot less funny . Substituting a Quiche Lorraine instead of an Apple Pie , four gay guys instead of four straight ones , someones grandfather instead of Stifler 's Mother and a overly loud lesbian instead of ` the Sherminator ' does not make this movie all that different from `` American Pie ' . I am surprised the makers of this film havent been slapped with a copyright lawsuit . Most roles feed on gay stereotypes and are over-acted to the level of being annoying rather than likeable . Yes , this movie is meant to be a spoof , but its lack of originality severely hampers this aim . Surely the gay film community is capable of a movie with more originality and imagination than this one .
 Well this was a pretty `` fleshy '' movie . Funny , and juvenile , lots of dic # jokes , fart jokes and butt sex jokes . I really liked the loud fat lesbian , but then again who does n't like a loud fat lesbian . It was kind of what I expected . I dont think too many straight people would appreciate it . I thought it had some pretty funny moments .
 -LSB- NOTE
 This movie makes `` American Pie '' look like Shakespeare . Every other one star review is dead on ; this movie is torture . For the record
 I had heard that some of the young actors involved in this did n't do any press for it . I had assumed they were somewhat leery of being associated with a -LSB- . . -RSB- themed film -LRB- another beef of mine entirely . . -RRB- but now I suspect that they saw the finished product and were horrified at how awful it is . An embarrassment for everybody involved . Graham Norton should be forced to do community service , and Richard Hatch should go to jail for showing us everything . Oh wait , he is in jail . Lypsinka seems to think he 's more talented than he is , and Scott Thompson is completely wasted.If the filmmakers had tried to come up with something new , it could have worked . Instead , they not only parody the American Pie movies , but even rip off whole scenes - only they always go one further and make a bad joke worse . Jonah Blechman wins the award for most annoying and unfunny character of all time whom we 're supposed to find outrageous , but is just rather creepy . I hope this brings Blechman 's comedy career to a close . Anybody who dances for Hatch in his underwear and then has an explosive scene on the toilet does n't really deserve more work.Truly one of the worst movies of all time , this movie aims low and achieves that goal . But is that really anything to be proud of ?
 When I first heard there was going to be a gay parody of the American Pie films , my interest was piqued . American Pie was good coming-of-age teenage sex comedy with a heart ... you ended up caring for the characters a lot in spite of the inspired silliness of the brand of comedy . I wish the same could be said of ANOTHER GAY MOVIE , but in putting it up next to the American Pie trilogy , it ends up looking like a comparison between a filet mignon and a cheap greasy-spoon cheeseburger . Poking fun at gay stereotypes is one thing ; but in order to make it work and not insult the intelligence of even the average movie-goer , there has to BE some intelligence at the core of the movie and all its elements
 I realize that many people thought this movie was funny . And I agree , some parts were funny.However , I forced myself to watch this movie just because I wanted to know what all the hype was about , and I really do n't think the movie was anything to build up . I 'm still amazed that I sat through the whole thing.The movie plays on stereotypes , which does not represent the community as a whole . I do n't think I would ever want a straight friend of mine to see this movie because it so clearly feeds on the assumptions that build the deep-rooted hate that still exists in our society . This movie left NOTHING to the imagination , and seemed to not be a movie , but instead an expression of `` how far can the gays push the envelope . `` Honestly , there were times when my mouth dropped because I was shocked that this movie was going so far over the edge . I love being gay , but this movie worries me because the audience rarely sees the characters as normal human beings . All they see are sex-crazed queers -LRB- gays and lesbians alike , because Muffler is n't any different than the 4 guys -RRB- . In my opinion , I do n't think that represents the entire community , and instead focuses on the extremes.If we 're supposed to be moving toward equality , this movie definitely takes us back a step .
 It is ages since I have seen such a crap movie ! Waste of time , of electricity ! I really do n't know which moment is the film amusing.DEFINITELY , AVOID IT .
 Well Well Well ... what to to say about this movie.First off it 's a spoof on gay themed movies -LRB- like `` scary movie '' -RRB- so with that in mind do n't expect great things from this . It is fun and campy with lots of sight gags and toilet humor . There are many cameos from the likes of Gramm Norton -LRB- he 's histerical -RRB- and Richard Hatch.We all thought it was ok but not great , I guess we all expected more and got less .
 The 80 's gave straight teens Porky 's and now 2000 's has provided gay teens with a sex driven comedy of their own in the new film Another Gay Movie . A long way have things come since the 1980 's indeed and AGM goes way beyond what Porky 's did and then some all wrapped in the context of a parody.AGM follows four new high school graduates , all friends , all are gay and all have one thing to accomplish before summers end ... to get laid ! An obvious premise for a comedy rooted with any and all teenage boys with raging hormones , AGM includes a typical yet colorful cast of characters that include the jock , the nerd , the average `` normal '' one of the bunch , the way over the top flaming queen and for a cherry on top , a lesbian whose so butch you will swear that she 's the one with a dick!Their quest to score for the first time is met with various unpredictable and outlandish sitcom type predicaments that preclude any of them from actually sewing their oats . The corny plot is led by Andy -LRB- the Jim ala American Pie of the bunch -RRB- who fantasizes about one of his high school teachers and gets two shocks of his life after graduating . The first , Andy actually gets the chance to score with the teacher . The second , his fantasy turns in to a foul S&M ; nightmare . It is here you will immediately realize that AGM is not for just any viewer . AGM had all of the explicit sexual fetishes of John Waters ` cult classic Pink Flamingos , AGM was just more polished and included better special effects . The rest of the group also has their subplot sexescapades that are just as shocking and somewhat as humorous as Andy 's experience . Trust me ; AGM is hands down the silliest , sometimes sexy and downright most sordid flick of the year!Crammed with obvious spoofs of other films and TV shows such as Mommy Dearest , Scary Movie , Queer As Folk , and the title take on Not Another Teen Movie , AGM is mostly set on the same premise of the hit film American Pie . However to refer to AGM as the gay version of American Pie would be a mistake in part because AGM dares to go where AP -LRB- nor any other film -RRB- would not with it 's incredibly raunchy context . Another component that separates the two movies is also the major downfall of AGM ... it 's heavy on parodies and shock value yet light on laughs . Such as when Andy nearly performs oral sex , unbeknownst to him , on his closeted father . Yuk !!! Even reading that sounds shocking I know . Such imagery will leave you speechless but not with belly laughs.The lack of humor was in part due to that thing called over-kill , which still applies even to parodies . Unfortunately AGM ran to the well of anal jokes and references one to many times and in the process the laughs subsided . However , the funniest scene in the entire movie does deal with uncontrollable flatulents analogous to the scene from Dumb and Dumber , but even funnier here . AGM is NOT for the faint sensitive political correct types with no sense of humor . From the anal beads to gerbils no gay stereotype is spared . The characters , though diverse in physical characterization , are still so stereotypically out there -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- AGM comes across more like a live action animated film rather than a parody at times . An animated feature series similar to Drawn Together would be a perfect spin off.Some of the fun in AGM came from recognizing -LRB- and attempting to remember where you 've seen them before -RRB- the list of cameos of B-List gay celebrities that included Graham Norton -LRB- The Graham Norton Show -RRB- , Richard Hatch -LRB- Survivor -RRB- , Ant -LRB- Last Comic Standing -RRB- , Daryl Stephens -LRB- Noah 's Arc -RRB- , James Getzolff -LRB- Boy Meets Boy -RRB- and even porn star Matthew Rush ... all adding another level of cheese to the already over the top movie.It should go without saying that AGM is nothing to take seriously . So there 's nothing wrong with cheesy and blatant camp but cheese that reeks is another story and at times AGM reeked of pungent indigestible curd . The brief but unnecessary shot of Richard Hatch 's penis , the shot of the catholic priest hooking up with a school boy were just a few things that drove home the point that nothing and I mean nothing was held sacred in this movie.The equal offender opportunity style of AGM is perhaps the movies best quality . During these times of such political correctness AGM 's unapologetic spoofs and insults has finally provided a movie that gives gays and lesbians permission to laugh at themselves for once . Therefore director Todd Stephens should be given at least tepid praise for the films edginess , nonetheless all of this in your face crazy crudeness did n't muster many genuine chuckles and instead you 're just left flabbergasted . With that said I will acknowledge that for the fan of sex filled , gross-out , laced with potty humor parodies , AGM just may make you laugh to the point of tears . Despite my mixed view about AGM I 'm betting that most viewers will not fall into such dubious judgment and will either love it or hate it .
 As a long time fan of the cartoon series , I had high hopes for this film . I was greatly disappointed.Bad actingBad scriptBad camera angles -LRB- especially the super close ups when they were in jail -RRB- Lots of time wasted on the training scenes and body movement to bend the elementsSuch a short movie to summarize one book of the seriesI also noticed that all the extras were of Asian decent . The only non-asians were the main characters , minus the fire nation . I have nothing against casting.I wasted my money on the theater ticket and Ill never waste my money on the DVD/Bluray . Its better to get it off Netflix or free online sources.If m night has anything to do with the future movies , Ill find a free way to watch it .
 -LRB- i have not seen the animated series this movie is based on , so i ca n't compare the two -RRB- this has to be one of the most awful films i have sen in the theatre in quite some time in all aspects.the acting was abysmal.the special effects were not so special.the dialogue was horrid as was the delivery.and do n't get me started on the predictability.it 's a real shame , because i think there was the potential for a good movie.this just was n't it.the only decent part was the ending which was intriguing , and which definitely sets up a sequel.it 's possible this film , despite horrid reviews , may make enough money for a second instalment , in which case it would be interesting to see where it goes , and if it any improvements will be made.for me , The Last Airbender is a 1.5 / 5 , because of the ending
 no i did not like this movie ... and i love fx movies ... i had hopes for this since the cartoon is n't to bad but , boy did they make a mess of this . I did n't think the story was layed out right ... and i wo n't even go into the editing , nor the scene that was cut from the movie but in the previews . to be fair my wife did like this . just thought that they did a poor job with it . and now since they made 1 million dollars on it i heard they will go forward with the second ... so lets hope its alot better ... ALOT BETTER .
 I never watched the Nickelodeon cartoon , and never cared to watch it , because I do n't care for anime . The preview of this movie looked pretty good , but in my opinion , it was just plain boring . Maybe it was M. Night Shymalan 's writing . The fire , earth , and water flying around got really old really fast . A kid named Aang is found frozen underwater . Katara and Sokka help him out , who come from the Southern Water Tribe . Zuko , the Prince of the Fire Nation comes to their village in search of the Avatar -LRB- Aang -RRB- Soon , there is a rebellion against the Fire Nation , and try to stop them from taking over the Kingdoms . I would n't recommend THE LAST AIRBENDER !!!
 Waste of money and time . Not even worth a rental no matter what cost . They should pay you to watch . HORRIFIC !!!
 Avatar the Last Airbender is a truly amazing show and something really special to watch no matter what age you are . M night managed to take this amazing material and utterly butcher it . Not only was it clear that he never watched the show , but true to form he felt the need to change things for no other reason than to put his mark on it . I did n't think he could get any worse than The Happening , but he was able to prove me wrong .
 If you watched the show and loved it then this movie will hurt your eyes . Do not watch at all please just watch the series again it 's 1 billion times better then this
 Extras on this disc include
 This movie had so much potential and it flopped big time . The film was sold to us in d and there was absolutely no effect with our without the glasses on . Most persons left the cinema disappointed .
 I 'd hear all the horrible reviews already butAvatar The Last Airbender - The Complete Book 1 Collectionis one of my most favorite shows ever so i had to see this monstrosity for myself ... did the actors and the director even bother to watch the cartoon ? they ca n't even pronounce the characters names right ! all the actors not only look wrong -LRB- okay i do n't even care what race they are , i believe a person of any race can play a character properly , these actors CA N'T ! -RRB- the characters in the movie had totally different personalities than the ones in the cartoon , most noticeably Sokka -LRB- who cast Twilight Jasper for that role anyway ? dude cant do anything right but to stand there and look pretty . -RRB- i was extremely disappointed in Uncle Iroh -LRB- or , as the characters in the movie call him `` Ear-o '' -RRB- , he was my favorite character and they ruined him too.I 'm just sad . had the casting been adequite i would have given the movie at least 3 1/2 or even 4 stars . in a movie like this , the cast is so extremely important !
 This film is based off of the show Avatar
 My husband and I are die hard fans of the cartoon series and we were very excited to learn that a live action movie was being made . Our hopes were n't very high because renditions tend to be different than what they were based on , but we expected it would be decent . After about 5 minutes of watching I knew it was going to be a wasted hour and a half . My God Shamylamadingdong ! How can you butcher a plot that was handed to you ? Obviously the pronunciation of the names irked me , but I could have let that go if everything else was decent . What I do n't understand is why did they choreographed bending moves to take so freakin long ? Someone could have kicked your butt the old fashioed way before they had the time to perform a bending move . We wanted to like this film , we really did . But Dingdong turned it into something so depressing , slow and serious . There was little chemistry between the charactars and the acting was awful . In the series Katara is obviously a strong female charactar but they hardly utilized that strength in the film and dumbed her down . Eh , I could ramble on and on but alas , I will not . Fans , stay far far away ! Someone needs to revoke Dingdong 's movie making/script writing rights so he ca n't torture the public again . After my husband and I got home , we popped in the real Avatar the Last Aribender just to clear our minds from the trash we were subjected to .
 Who 's to blame for this expected bland movie adaptation from the most beloved well written cartoon ? Too much special affects , no interaction between the characters , bits and pieces from season one/book one which definitively blurry people who has n't watch the cartoon itself , totally miscasts actors and actresses excluding Princess Yui.No one can accomplish a full season worth of informative show into 1 hours and 30 minutes live action movie.Do buy the dvd if you are a die hard fan , others , please save your hard earn money and spend 1 dollar renting at redbox near you .
 I went into this movie so hyped . I loved the cartoon series and I had been pumped for this movie since it was announced ! Yet when the title appeared and one of the characters mispronounced the word ` Avatar ' , I knew something was going to be wrong . And yes the character names were pronounced differently than in the show . Okay I get it . I let that slide . This is AVATAR for cripes sake!And then it just got worse and worse . I 'm not sure if M. Night has ever actually seen the cartoon or if he just read a synopsis on IMDB and then just made the movie based on that . The story was a mess . Like trying to recount details from the show , the movie often misses important details or fails to capitalize on the emotions the characters were feeling at the time.And how lame were those actors ? My god . None of them could act , nor should any of them act ever again . They were all paper thin characters with none of the spirit of the original . Most of the movie sounded like they were just reading of the script instead of ... you know , ACTING.Special effects were cool though.All in all an awful film . Do n't waste your money . Buy the season box sets instead . Enjoy something real .
 Every aspect of the cartoon series is superior to the movie . Rich character development . Humor . FAST action ! Epic storyline ! Excellent music ! And the movie had none of this . If you 've never seen the cartoon , see the movie first and you 'll like it . But know the cartoon is way cooler , funner , more intense , etc etc. I WISH , LIKE THE 1ST HULK MOVIE , THAT WE WILL FORGET THIS FIRST ATTEMPT EVER HAPPENED . REMAKE THE MOVIE . Shyamalan made an embarrassment of bending and of every character . And skimped on any decent action . My all-time favorite cartoon was perfect for an epic trilogy and Shyamalan used it as a career stepping-stone .
 this movie is HORRIBLE , ive been a fan since the cartoon series first came out and when they made the movie i was like yes thank the lord until you actullay see it our family of 6 + 2 BFF went to see its as there birthday gift but when we left i was so dissiponted it was like i paid $ 40 for this crap waste of my damn money : -LRB-
 I have read a rew hundred reviews on this movie , some people claiming its great , the majority saying its total crap . While I am a devoted fan to the television series , it was n't necessarily the bastardization of the storyline that made me dislike this movie . I can fully understand why the director might have found it difficult to condense the entire first volume of the anime into one single film . Actually , it was the acting and the style in which the movie was filmed that I found myself hating the most.First off , the ` Ung ' sound of Aang 's name was just something I could not get over . Every time I heard it , I had to remind myself that the actors were referring to a person and not just making some kind of grunting sound.Second , would it have been so difficult for the director to find a seasoned actor with martial arts training to play Aang . Every time that kid talked , it was like watching the very first harry potter movie -LRB- you know , when they were barely tweens and still learning how to act -RRB- . Third , why did the camera repeatedly do close-ups . I had heard of this from a friend , but until I watched the movie I did n't really understand what they meant . Bascially , when one of the characters give one of their many speeches , the camera moves so close that all you see if the very middle of their face . Sometimes even the chin and top-most part of their forehead is off screen . I 'm sorry , but I ca n't watch a movie where half the time the camera is doing close-ups . By the end of the movie I was yelling for the cameraman to LAY OFF THE ZOOM.I also agree with a lot of other reviews on this website , I would look forward to someone else creating a worthy adaptation of the television show . Directors are doing remakes and adaptations all the time from foreign films and books , it just seems disappointing that the director did n't take notes on previous attempts . Heck , even the simpsons movies found a way to be decent . Maybe the director should have done a continuation of the series , used his own creativity . Like the title of the review says , I think this film is evidence that the director should go back to film school and relearn the basics .
 I could go on forever about picking this movie apart , but I will only say this . Had he stuck to the story and broke it up into a saga , he could have been rich beyond belief . As it were , he decided to mess it up by leaving out important characters like Suki , who has a huge part in the last book ! Haru ended up being a very small part as well . Maybe next time he will learn not to mess up a good thing , but probably not .
 This movie sucked . The original series that this movie is based off of has been one of my favorites for years . What M Night has done is butcher what was a good story . The only positive things that I can say about this movie is that the graphics are really good and the costumes are great . The negatives highly out weigh the positive , however . The actors ca n't even pronounce any of the names correctly , they cut out characters pivotal to to plot , montages were over used , the acting sucked , and there were times where it felt like a 1970 's kung fu movie . Overall , do not waste your time with this pathetic excuse for a movie .
 This movie did not follow the book whatsoever at all!Katara did not look like Katara ! Aang did not look like Aang ! Uncle Iroh did not look like Uncle Iroh ! Zuko did not look like Zuko ! Azula did not look like Azula ! Sokka did not look like Sokka!There was no humor whatsoever either , when in Avatar the animated show , there was humor every 30 seconds ! I wish the director of the show and the director of the movie would team up and remake the movie so that the characters look like themselves , and the plot and details are the same !
 This movie is awful . Fans of the show and those new to The Last Airbender will all hate this movie . Bad plot development , poor dialogue , no character development , incorrect pronunciation of names/words ... completely and totally awful .
 Needless to say , wow ! What were the original creators thinking , by letting Shyamalan turning this into a movie ?! Glad did n't buy it but someone had bought it for me , knowing that I am a hardcore fan =[ . HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT ! If one has high expectation like the cartoon series from Nickelodeon , please I beg you , SAVE YOUR MONEY and SKIP this one ! The actors were out of sync/out of character ; reading a script w/o a script . Any of the characters participated were nowhere near the cartoon series . Aang-whiny and his bending was a flake , Sokka-not so comical , Katara -- a lot helpless ?! Fire Nation , they do n't seem so fearful at all , You would think they 'd come from Japanese/Chinese background due to names , clothing presented and used for that nation , but I was wrong . Hurts my eyes watching this through the end . Shyamalan was , also , really fighting for time crunch and lets face it , you ca n't really cramp the first season of the Last Airbender that contains 20 episode into 103 min.It saddened me , unfortunately , how completely opposite all the characters came to play . For any hardcore fan , you will be IMMENSELY upset about the pronounciation of most of the characters . Please believe with all the ' 1 ' star review as I am one of them . If you are a kid or your child is a big fan of The Last Airbender series , just stick with that and do n't expose them or your eyes to this movie .
 This movie is not even worth the disc it 's on - do yourself a favor and just buy the Avatar Last Airbender series . They ca n't even pronounce the word `` avatar '' correctly in this movie . I wish there was a way to give this ZERO stars since it does n't even merit having one star . This movie was geared towards fans of the TV series but what M Night did to the Avatar series was unforgivable . The casting choices were a disaster - the talent was atrocious . I 'm glad I did n't fork out the cash to go to the theatre to see this movie - I saw it at home for free and still feel like I got ripped off.Do not waste your time and or money on this sorry excuse for film .
 If I was n't forced to have to watch it with my g/f , I never would have bothered with this movie in the first place . All this movie is a cheap knock off of the Never Ending Story with a mixture of Mortal Kombat thrown into the mix.What made it even worse was the god awful dance moves these moron actors do before a fight scene . It really does look so stupid that it 's not funny . So the plot is about a billion year old kid who is the chosen one , but he gets frozen in time , but comes out in time to help the future who need a leader to help them fight back against the forces of evil ... sigh ... how many times have we heard something like this before ? Oh but get ready to roll your eyes even more . . the kid does n't know if he is the chosen one or not , he does n't know his full potential yet and has to discover his magical abilities to dance around and break wind hard enough to blow enemies away , and if he lights one of his farts on fire they better duck under something flameproof ... oh , but in this one , he just learns how to use one power ... but if some idiot somewhere gives this the green light for a sequel , then expect this annoying little dancing brat to be able to use the powers of Sub Zero , Scorpion and Thunder-Butt -LRB- one of the many rejected Mortal Kombat ninja concepts -RRB- If you for some reason still want to see this movie after reading this , then all I can tell you is you will be sorely disappointed when you watch this and keep waiting for this kid to yell out for Falkor and go on a magic dragon ride ... oh wait , he does ... . I think the rock biters even made a cameo in this?Anyway , do n't bother with this , as you can see from other reviews , it 's not worth seeing . It 's a total rip off of other movies , all combined into a stupid `` watch me do the mantis dance before a bunch of effects fly out in-front of me and I sicken you with over kill CGI flashy things .
 I was one of many who watched the movie and had never seen the series . Before I watched the series , I would rate the movie as `` ok '' . It was n't great , but not entirely horrible . It certainly seemed to be purely plot driven , and there was no attachment to any of the characters . How could their be in a movie who 's story was `` epic '' and was made in less then 2 hours?Afterwards , I watched the series . Now I am not like many who are overly severe in adaptations . But The Last Airbender movie was a MASSIVE disappointment . The series itself is `` character driven '' . While there is a massive plot behind the feel of the movie , its overall thrust is the development of characters and the relationships between them . I can say quite confidently that this aspect is virtually ENTIRELY missed in the movie ! The movie would have proved more successful if they had brought it closer to three hours , but in not doing so , they sacrificed too much . I have enjoyed most of Shyamalan 's movies , but this is one that made me truly disappointed in him . How he felt justified in doing away with VITAL qualities of the series and compacting an entire season in less then 2 hours is beyond me.In either case , for additional details , the reader of my post can look at other reviews to hear what they say . Despite the many factual -LRB- important ! -RRB- details that were lacking , my greatest disappointment is that Shyamalan missed the core spirit of the movie
 Save your money ... bad acting , some of the special effects were n't all that special , just a lousy movie all around ... they should have spent a little more and actually wrote a decent script for this movie ... and paid attention to the animated series when they wrote that script ...
 You really have to be in the mood to watch this movie -- it was better in the theaters but regretably , boring to watch at home .
 Forced emotion , robotic dialog , even the effects were n't that great . The animated series was better and I was n't a fan of that either but my kids were . Glad I only rented it and did n't buy it .
 The ONLY way you will make it to the end of this film is with the help of Kevin , Mike , and Bill . Buy the Rifftrax for it and laugh .
 With the price of movie tickets you know that The Last Airbender had to be extremely bad for me and my daughter to walk out , AND IT WAS . I do n't ever remember walking out of a theater before . The acting , directing , and casting was awful . I ca n't begin to tell all the things that were wrong with this movie -LRB- could be because I left after about 40 min -RRB- . I hope this helps anyone from wasting their money . I wish someone would have worned me , I could use the 20 bucks now .
 Plot terrible , the actors do n't look like the real characters , and they got Aang 's tatoo wrong . The end was cheesy too all Aang does is push the fire nation guys away with a wave .
 I am sincerely disappointed in anyone who rated this over 1 star . As a fan of the series I feel like M Night Shaymalan punched my puppy in the stomach .
 ok , i have been a fan of the cartoon for a long time , i grew up watching avatar the last airbender . and i was VERY disappointed when the cartoon ended with zuko asking his dad what happened to his mother , i could n't wait for a new season . i absolutely loved the cartoon . awesome story , amazing action , even a couple nice little romances , one of the best cartoons i 've seen besides dragonball z , pokemon , and the yugioh . i was very ecstatic when i heard they were making a movie ... . i was wrongI can honestly say that the movie is one of the worst movies i 've ever seen . Terrible acting , terrible story , and just terrible everything . the actors were nothing like the cartoon characters which made the movie terrible boring and unappealing . I was so so so so so so disappointed with this movie . the bending was terrible . it looked so fake and the actors did n't even look like the cartoon , only one that looked almost the same was Aang -LRB- or ahng like they say in the movie -RRB- . i 've seen every cartoon episode and i couldnt tell who was who in the movie . i went from being excited and prepared to call the movie the best movie ever to praying they do n't make a sequel , all after watching this movie . if you havent seen the cartoon or the movie PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE get the cartoons , its more expensive than the movie but it is definitely worth it . i would rather spend $ 40 on each of the 3 seasons than pay $ 10 for the movie . i 'm watching the movie right now thinking i can give it some remorse . But truth be told i ca n't , its just terrible . i couldve directed a better movie and i know nothing about directing . if i could id rate this movie -5 stars out of 5 . id rather watch alvin and the chipmunks than this movie , and that 's coming from a huge fan of the cartoon
 About the only good thing about this movie was the music . I will grant that fitting a whole season 's worth of material in one movie would be difficult , but what they kept and what they tossed was illogical . When you make a movie based on a show , it would follow that you should be familiar with the show , right ? It would follow that you should expect that the main audience that will watch the movie will be fans of the show , yes ? Yet it seemed to me as if they had no idea what the show was like , who enjoyed it , and WHY they enjoyed it . Pay attention to that last -- it 's a big reason why we all hated the movie.Explanation ? Okay.First
 The acting by the boy who plays Aang is so bad , it hurts . It is really , really hard to watch his forced acting throughout this movie.What 's more , as stated a bazillion times in these reviews ... M. Night takes a great series and ruins it on so many levels . As a true series fan , I feel violated . To the point that I may need psychological counseling -LRB- not really -RRB- . The series presents a well written , well acted -LRB- voice acted -RRB- story that draws you in completely . It 's anime suffices for the action therein . AND . . the series is presented with an Asian theme , Buddhism , Taoism and other Eastern undertones , and the ANIME of the movie reflects the races of the people as being of Asian decent.THIS F-ed up stinking pile of digested food out of the south end of an elephant presents an poor acting Aang , who is Caucasian . As are most of the other actors ; they throw in a few Asian extras to pay penance to the series and that is it . Further adding to the molestation of the series by M. Night , Aang 's Eastern religious influences from the series are changed by Aang 's tattoos being changed to a Cross , rather than a straight line.Then , there 's the montages , the sporadic narration to fill in the gaps.There is so , so , so much wrong with this movie . M. Night really needs a punch in the face for this movie . He needs to sit his ass down and actually watch the series , and then try to do it honor rather than try to sell tickets simply on visual effects . When you do that , you get this stinking mess.If you find this movie thrown out on the road , it might be worth watching.If you want to rent it for $ 3.99 ... then you 've wasted $ 3.99 . If you are not a series fan , this may be appealing to you.Perhaps you could watch it , and then watch the series , and then wonder why you watched this mess in the first place.I might have to contact my Congressman about this . Its that bad . I need to start a grass-roots protest against this.Such a dis-service to a off-the-charts awesome tv series.Please M. Night , do n't fornicate us again on the next movie ... PLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEAAASSSSSSSSSSSSEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!!!!
 The problem with following a brilliant series like Nickelodeon 's Avatar
 I saw Shyamalan 's movie before watching the animated series . I thought it was okay . After watching the entire series , I now realize how disappointing and how horrible the movie is !!! It basically sucks ! The characters were not portrayed properly , especially Aang and Sokka and so many key characters in book 1 were not included in the movie . I ca n't fathom how someone could think the movie was good after watching the animated series .
 I 've never seen the cartoon , but this film is just flat-out awful . It 's one of only two movies I 've ever walked out of mid-way through . ILM 's special effects were great -LRB- I saw it in 2D , but heard that the fx get wrecked when seen in 3D -RRB- , but otherwise , it was literally one of the worst half-movies I 've ever seen in my life .
 How could M. Night mess this one up so bad ??? The story , the character development , and everything is given and perfectly laid out already in the cartoon . All he needed to do was bring it to the big screen with the visual life-like effects that were lacking in the TV series . He did n't do it ... M. Night changed everything from the cartoon , even the pronunciation of the names ! Why ?? DO NOT GO SEE IT even if you have or have n't seen the series . Spend your money and your time watching the cartoon . It is flawless unlike this seriously flawed movie .
 While not without a few cool moments , The Last Airbender really failed on all elements . The movie tried to fit the entire first season of the series into a 2-hr movie which made for a break-neck pace , but was oddly boring . It gave no time to flesh out the characters so the viewer has no reason to care . On top of that , I 'm really unsure who to blame for the horrid acting . Most of the actors were newish so I can understand why they had a difficult time . However , if you 've seen The Happening you know that M. Night Shyamalan has a history of giving poor direction to his actors so it 's more than likely his fault.Speaking of Mr. Shama-lama-ding-dong , he once again proved that he should not be allowed anywhere near a script . He absolutely OBLITERATED it ! If you have not seen the series , you will most like have no FREAKING idea what the hell is going on . He makes the story that unintelligible . They have also turned it into a race war . The fire nation was Indian while all the other nations looked Caucasian . Not a huge deal but it was completely unnecessary . The only thing that shined through this piece of crap was the visuals . The bending was nice to look at , but they could n't even get that right . They would do a martial arts `` dance '' for like 5 mins before anything -LRB- water , earth , fire or air -RRB- started to move . That 's not how it 's supposed to be.If they have any hope of salvaging the movie series , they need to ditch Shyamalan . Let him go play with the murderous trees in his Village in the Water .
 I have used this phrase lightly in the past , but this is not one of those cases
 This movie was a tarnish to the story of avatar.I would say that they picked all the right people . They all looked pretty good and seemed to act pretty well overall . It is for the character choices that I give it the one star . What was wrong was in the execution of it , in every single way . Between changing the pronunciation of the names -LRB- Whether it is right or wrong , I do not care . It is changed from what we all knew and loved . He will always be pronounced ayng not awng for me -RRB- , the ridiculous amount of time it takes to execute even the simplest of bending -LRB- even my dad who had not seen the original show thought this was ridiculous and I 'm sorry but despite any neat special effects this effort to cause them just ruins it for me -RRB- , and making it so firebenders can not make their own fire from nothing . The bending was dumbed down . No where near the level and awesomeness that it was in the show . The characters were flat and had virtually none of their original personality . The show in movie form was just left a skeleton . It had the absolute bare , absolute Minimum , plot lines and story . The original was so deep and provoked so many emotions . I applauded it for having so much depth in its story arcs and character development especially for being a children 's cartoon TV show , which usually have no depth to them at all . This movie had nowhere near the shows depth.Please do not see this movie . It was atrocious . Especially do not see this movie if you loved the show.Just watch the show . You will not be disappointed .
 PRODUCTION DESCRIPTION of the dvd `` Experience the thrilling live-action adventure based on the hit Nickelodeon series Avatar
 Normally I would just say rent it for a $ 1 at the grocery store , but even this I would recommend save your dollar . It was poorly done and does not do justice to the cartoon .
 The original animated show is incredible . One of the best shows of our generation . The film version was one of the worse movie adaptations of all time . M. Night changed the names of characters and plot lines . The acting was horrible . It was as if everyone involved did not watch or respect the original production . This movie will win worse movie of the year . I do n't even want to see a movie from this director ever again . So my advice is to watch the animated series and avoid the live action version .
 This is quite possible the worst adaptation of a movie in any genre . I was so disappointed that a once promising film maker has completely lost his audience . What a stinking shame ! I would not spend another cent on a M. Night film for the rest of my life . This content was rich with love , humor , realness , and most of all empathy . His mis guided `` ONG '' -LRB- What a mistake -RRB- Aang was emotionally flat and lost . I wish he could write a single line that I believe and I wish he would cast someone I believe in!Overall a complete disaster ! I went from excited anticipation to dejected heartache in an hour and a half.The only moment that I remember from the experience is when a 6 year old kid yelled `` Daddy , look it 's APPA !!!! '' and then for the rest of the movie not a peep!WOW ! Disgusting.Wesley
 THE LAST AIRBENDERSTARRING
 When the television show first came on , I had no desire to watch it , then some time after the last season aired , I saw an episode rerun and was instantly hooked . I got all three seasons on DVD and watched them endlessly . So , when I heard there was a movie being made by the director of the Sixth Sense , I was ecstatic and waited with great anticipation . I ignored all of the movie reviews simply because there have been times when they were wrong . So , I saw the movie three days after it came out in theatres with high excitement . Unfortunately , within minutes I realized the film was a poor imitation to the series just like the reviews said . Much like how the movie Battlefield Earth was nothing like the book.Everything went into the fight scenes and special effects that the plot and character development were left woefully underdeveloped to the point that I did not care if Aang , Katara or Sokka died or won the battle . When Aang tells Zuko they could have been friends , it came out of nowhere . I did not see the connection between them as friends , family or enemies , which gave me no connection to them at all . The film was so fast paced that it was as if they were just trying to hit on as many of the scenes in season one as possible which made it horrible to watch.Several things were changed from the series to the film that did not make any sense to me . First off , why were Aang 's and Sokka 's names pronounced differently in the movie ? Was that necessary ? No , it was just stupid . Secondly , the fire nation fir power . They never needed any fire substance to create fire in the series , it just came from them . Why change this , it makes no sense to do so ? Third , Aang is supposed to have been great at water bending the first time he tried , yet in the movie they made him horrible and made him act as though he could not do it because he felt guilty . Yes , in the series he did feel guilty about that , but it never affected his water bending abilities . There was no reason for that change . Fourthly , they made Zuko 's scar almost unnoticeable . In the series it was huge , red and very noticeable . Unless you were really looking for it , you would never really see it in the move and that is very disappointing . Lastly the three main characters , While I like Jackson Rathbone as Jasper in the Twilight series , he completely failed as Sokka in Airbender . Sokka is this funny clown jerk guy and Rathbone played him like Jasper somewhat . Not good at all . The kid who played Aang was very good at the airbending moves but he was not as kid like as Aang is in the series which is disappointing . The girl who played Katara was good but not exactly like the Katara in the series.There are many more things that are completely wrong or changed somewhat or missing in the movie that just makes it a disappointment to a true fan of the show . If you are new to the series , forget the movie for now and watch the show first . Then , see the movie and you will see what I am talking about . The movie was completely disappointing in its translation of the series . For the next two films , I 'll wait until I can rent them , but unless they are extremely better , I have no plans to buy any of them on dvd . It is just not worth it because of how lousy the movie was compared to the show . Compare the two and see for yourselves if you do not believe me .
 My wife and I are in our late 30s . We have two girls . We love the Avatar
 What can Shyamalan have been thinking?I can stand a terrible , cheesy movie . This trying so hard , and was the more miserable for it . Poor acting by most -LRB- some exceptions -RRB- , bad planning , THE WORST SCRIPT EVER .
 First the story line did n't follow the original story line -LRB- like it should have -RRB- very well . The casting was just awefull excpetially monk giatsko . Third the ending was awefull I was at least hoping for him to turn into a cat fish monster but no . That 's to much to ask so -LRB- spoiler alert -RRB- he makes a big wave that scares away all the fire nation ships . Over all the movie was a bust that could have been a thousand times better .
 If you do n't like the cartoon you wo n't like the movie , if you loved the cartoon you will hate this movie with a passion . I 'm a fan of the Avatar cartoon and the movie was on tv this afternoon so I watched it . The only good thing I can say about it is it 's pretty to look at sometimes . I could forgive the differences from the show if it was an entertaining film but it 's not . The acting is bland , the characterisations are completely off and the plot is just a watered down version of the first season of the show.The ethnic changes were weird to me . Yes it 's a made up world but the fire nation is obviously based on Chinese culture but most of the actors look Indian . Zuko and his uncle do n't look related at all . The Water Tribes on the show were based on Eskimo/Alaskan Native culture but everything here looks Chinese and all the People are obviously European.Even the ethnic changes I could forgive if the story and caracterisations were n't so wrong . Katara was so much braver and more clever on the show . Sokka and Aang were happier and funnier on the show.If you want to get this for your kids get the cartoon instead . The animated show is more entertaining for kids and is easier for adults to sit through .
 Terrible acting . Somewhat incoherent story line . Frequently pointless dialog -LRB- one character telling another urgently &#34; we have to go ! &#34; when that character is already going . The pretty good special affects are n't enough to justify watching this turkey .
 This is my sons absolute favorite cartoon but the movie did not meet our expectations . The movie only covers a small portion of the avatar series . Also the characters do NOT seem to portray the cartoon which is what we loce about the series .
 MKS has got to be the worst director of all time . He 's basically a one trick pony that 's already done his one trick and now should be put out to pasture . I 've watched the series and was excited from the previews but I could n't make it 5 minutes into the movie without getting upset at how the movie betrayed it 's roots.I would give this a zero star if that were possible.If your a fan of the series , do n't waste your time and I hope MKS stop directing and bastardizing good concepts . If he ruins his own crappy ideas then who cares .
 Being a HUGE fan of the original series , this movie was extremely painful to watch . I want to try watching the whole thing so I can write a better review , but I was only able to sit through the first 10 minutes of this movie in the theater . I was expecting a pretty bad movie , as nothing could compare to the original series and it is impossible to fit the whole season into one movie , but this movie blew my mind . How can a movie be that horrid ?? When I heard the character 's names pronounced wrong , I thought I could probably live with it if the rest of the movie was good , but the rest of the movie was unbearably terrible . I could accept the fact that the actors looked nothing like the characters in the show , but why pick such awful actors ? These people were emotionless and boring . The bending animation was pretty bad too . At the first few moments of the movie my friends and I were already laughing and slightly annoyed by the special effects in the show . Then I saw more bending . Why did they have to do a 30 second interpretive dance before shooting a tiny fireball ? That is not how bending works in the show and it makes the fights slow , boring , annoying , and ridiculous . The story was confusing , I think it sort of followed the story of the show , but without the comedy , the love , the wisdom , the anger , the action , the sadness , basically everything that made the series awesome . I was offended and physically ill after watching 10 minutes of it . I was reduced to hysterical sobbing and had to leave the theater . What a punch-no a stab - in the face to all fans of the show . Did n't they think that most of the audience would be fans of the cartoon ? Just thinking about this movie makes me hate people ... I have 2 suggestions to whoever reads this
 Ok , after just finishing watching this , I find the movie very much off from the series in several points . Personally , I think this movie needed more homework done on different things . Sokka is not said like So-ka it 's said like Sah-ka . Also , Aang is said with the `` A '' sound in the beginning . Agni Ki is not said like Agni Key the `` I '' is emphasized at the end of Ki . Oh , Ki might be spelled Kai , sorry . Anyway , passing spelling errors . A lot of this was a jumble . I also found the guy who played Zhao bad because all he did was act whimpy , or something , in parts . Maybe that 's not the right word . Anyways , he was this skimpy dude dressed in armor as an Admiral . In the series he was this really fit dude that actually could intimidate people . I had zero intimidation coming from that guy who played Zhao . I can live with Iroh , he had the attitude down . However , I 'll admit that the guy who played him should 've been fatter . However , the way the actor did things and looked I think he fit the bill . The fatness can be left on the side . Also , the avatar state , and meditation , seriously , they should 've done that better . Not once , in the entire series , did Aang talk to a dragon . Considering the language problem this was an issue . The closest relation to such an event in the series was when Aang learned to fire-bend from the dragons of the sun-warriors . Or at least , understand better about fire-bending . It was a little complicated to explain.Moving on . The jumble of bound together events in the movie really was strange . Especially how , at times , they would randomly add in an event that did n't happen in the series , or something . The posters considering the Avatar were not helped to be posted by Katara even once in the series . Also , Aang did not randomly skip around saving Earth villages , they did n't have time for that . Better yet , they screwed with the deadline of the comet . Aang did n't combine with the Ocean spirit for an awesome Avatar state to , which is really sad . Aang first avatar state was not at the air temple but around Zuko 's ship . There are several instances to list . However , I think one of the most frustrating to me was the ending . For one , before getting to the scene before Azula , the fire-bending that fire-benders could do in the series they could n't do any longer here . Anyone else think this is stupid ? It takes away from the comet for one . I mean , why have Iroh be able to do it , and Zuko also , and not have all the other fire-benders use it like this ? Anyway , getting to the end scene , before the talk between Azula and Ozai -LRB- the Fire Lord -RRB- , everyone just bows down before Aang , including fire nation people . Anyone else see a problem with that ? Everyone bows down . I can understand allies , but all the fire nation people to ? Come on.Also , to list one thing that really got to me when watching the end , `` will Aang please do something with the gigantic wave please ? '' Anyone else get that reaction . You go through the horrendous clumped up thing that is this so-called remake of the series , or at least part of it , and you end up at that scene , which is supposedly when he is supposed to be in the avatar state at the Northern Water Tribe , and he just builds a wave and holds it up for a while . Yeah , it 's intimidating to the fire nation soldiers , but can you move it please ? He built a big wave , SO WHAT ! In the series , Aang was not the only water bender who could do something like that . I love the dragon 's comment -LRB- sarcasm -RRB- , `` teach them the true meaning of water bending , '' or something like that . `` Hey , script writer ? I 'd like to inform you that water benders have been bending water really well for a long long time . Thank you . Please watch the original series now . '' Besides , take out the dragon speaking to Aang , Aang was n't talked to by the dragon in the series , he was talked to by Avatar Roku ; and Roku was n't talking about all the things that dragon was . Please , script writer and director , and other people , please try harder . I 'm guessing someone watched the series as they got the basic lay-out correct . Other than that I think some people scribbled SOME things down from the original series , and some other things , and they took it from there.I do n't see how the people who made this movie expect me to think , at least the main staff , the staff watched the series when this movie is not that close to the series.This is a horrible remake of the series . It 's a jumble of things , some of the characters need work , this movie needs some more things in order of events , details need to be corrected in several places , and more.Really , as a start , the people making this movie needed to watch the series , because there is so much to pick on in this movie . The big wave is something that I will most definitely pick on when it comes to this movie . The jumble of events is really something I 'll pick on.Oh , the saying that Aang was having trouble with water bending , in this movie , is totally false . For anyone who watched the series we know this to be true . Katara knew some water bending and Aang picked it up easily . Rack one up for another mistake . Watch the series much movie makers?Also , the earth-benders in prison were on a ship , not land . The writers made a serious mistake here because do you think putting earth-benders on land is really a great way to imprison them . All they need is a tent and they could simply go in and burrow a way out using earth-bending . Better yet , they could fight the guards and others using the very earth around them . Why they did n't follow the series I have no idea . Better yet , for even someone who did n't watch the series , how hard is it to figure that putting earth-benders on solid ground is n't going to work . I mean seriously , how much work did you guys put in this thing . I know they spent a lot of cash , but where 's the effort . It shows there is n't a huge amount of effort put in when your stuff does n't correspond with the series in several spots . Yes , I 'll admit , they put in effort on effects and other things . Yes , there 's no doubt a lot there . However , how hard is it to look over the scenes , compare them with the series , and see the problems?Anyway , this was a terrible remake of the series . It was painful , at times , to watch this . Please people , no sequal , I beg of you . Also , do not touch Legend of Korra . No Touch . You made a horrible remake of this movie . I do n't want to see a horrible one of that series . It 's painful enough with this one . It did n't take long to run into something wrong.I seriously do beg that unless someone is willing to spend as much time working on it as humanly possible to make it great , and it comes out great , neither this series nor Legend of Korra should be touched . Unless someone can make a great movie off of them it 's better to leave them alone.Anyway , terrible movie , I 'm sorry with all the rest of the fans that this happened . I hope it never happens again.P.S . If you have n't watched the series and you watch this movie I could see how you might enjoy it . However , if you actually watched the series and know what should be happening you know this movie was a bad remake of the series -LRB- part of the series , rather -RRB- . Also , if you have n't seen the series I advise you do n't choose to like or dislike this review as it would be best you knew better the series this movie was made off of before you dislike my comment . If you like my review and you have n't seen the original series , I thank you . However , I do advise you watch the series . You 'll enjoy it , trust me . Also , to any adult people , watching anime is n't a bad thing . Especially if you watch this movie , know it 's based off a series and choose to say something , like , or dislike , something concerning it . So , for anyone who has n't watched the series , I strongly advise you do . Plus , with the hope they do n't make a sequal , you wo n't get to see a close to this movie series anytime soon . So , watching the anime series you 'll be able to actually see the ending , as well as the flaws in this movie . Also , I truly enjoy the anime series . Plus , I think I 'd prefer to see the anime version of the ending versus this movie series ending . I really do n't even want to think of watching up to two more movies over the anime series . This one was bad enough , another one or two , much to painful . Anyway , the anime version had a lot more to it and was AWESOME ! So , go watch the anime series , please , you 'll enjoy it , and if you watched this movie using amazon prime you can watch the anime series to using it . There are 60 + episodes at about 20 minutes per . The anime series is really fun to watch.Well , thanks for reading .
 When I went to see this movie , I purposely kept my expectations low . As a huge fan of the series , I knew there was no way they would be able to recapture the same spirit , fun , humor , character development , or scope of the show . But boy was I blown away ! M. Night Shamamalanemanan managed to completely blow away my expectations with a whole new level of total drivel!The way he managed to so completely suck the life out of every character , aided by the lack of talent among the cast , is truly masterful . I have n't seen acting this wooden since Kristen Stewart and Ben Stein got into a staring contest . But M. Night Shagalanematan did n't stop there ! He had to purposely ruin every part of the series before he would be satisfied!The writing is terrible , but in a very special way . Most badly written movies are content to simply leave you feeling like you 've lost precious time that will never return . I 'm pretty sure that this movie has reached forward using a Bose-Einstein bridge to some unidentifiable moment in my future and has stolen from me the single happiest moment of my life . Thanks to this movie , I will never know that feeling.The characters are one-dimensional , the humor is non-existent , the plot has been rushed and condensed into intelligibility , the bending looks like someone saw the Star Wars Kid video and took it seriously , and I 'm pretty sure the the CG artists took their own lives upon seeing the abomination they had birthed upon this world.Not one aspect of the movie was done properly , and for that I 've got ta give M. Night Shamalalalalalaman credit . He did n't go halfway in his total disrespect -LRB- bordering on outright hatred -RRB- for the source material . No , he not only made it suck in comparison to the series , or even as a standalone movie . He made sure that this movie sucked when compared to ANY OTHER WORK PRODUCED IN HUMAN HISTORY.And that takes talent .
 Let me start by saying , I have been a HUGE fan of the show from the moment I saw the first episode . The show , Avatar
 Not only was this the worst movie I 've seen in theatres , this was the worst movie I 've seen . Ever . I 've already seen that the reviews are split in between people who are fans of the series , and people who are coming in just watching the movie itself.I am a huge fan of the series , and was on the verge of crying while I was watching the movie . Not out of sadness , not out of the beauty of the special effects , but out of sheer rage at how this atrocity , this abomination of a movie will forever be associated with probably the most well-thought , put-together animated series that has come from Nickelodeon.Now then , forgetting the fact that this movie is associated with the series ... . This movie is still awful . Sure , the special effects were great , and the -LRB- VERY FEW -RRB- actual fight scenes were fairly well choreographed . But just because you dress up a skunk to look like a cat does n't mean it will stop stinking . The acting -LRB- for the most part -RRB- was fairly bad , the script was poorly written , and the progression of the story was rushed , incoherent , confusing , and altogether frustrating to follow . The story itself was very boring , and found myself snickering at the stupidity of some of the scenes , such as a few failed attempts at humor , which just came out as awkward and out of place.Out of fairness and respect to the series , I decided to buy this blu ray to force myself to give the movie a second chance . Just to get a fresher perspective and maybe see the movie in a different point of view ... This is the reason I am now writing this . So nobody else makes that mistake . Its even more infuriating watching it a second time.Theres so many poor things that need to be said about this , thing . But I 'm thinking this is n't the correct place to do so . Suffice it it to say , this movie soiled the name of something that a lot of people really liked . If I could go back in time , I would warn myself to NEVER see this ... . Then again if I could go back in time , I 'd find Manny Shamalamma and ` convince ' him to never make another movie again , blegh .
 This movie is bad . Really bad . Do n't believe what the trailers make it look like , because any movie can make a great trailer as long as it has at least 2 minutes of good footage . This movie is impressive from a production values standpoint -- the costumes , sets , visual effects , etc. are all wonderfully done , and in the hands of a competent director and paired with an intelligent script could have made for a great film . Unfortunately , Shyamalan seems to waste virtually every resource he had at his disposal , making what is quite possible the most amateurish film of his entire career.Much ado has been made by certain sects of the internet over the casting of caucasian actors in roles that were once accepted by many to be minorities , but this movie has much bigger problems to worry about than whether or not the water tribes have dark skin . No matter who they cast in these roles , this movie would have been just as disappointing , and the only thing that could have been done differently to make it good would have been to keep M. Night Shaymalan as far away from it as possible and replace him with a director who actually understands how to make an epic fantasy with action scenes . This movie is like watching kids playing in the back yard with sticks , except with a hundred million dollars of production value slapped over it . Most of the action is bland and poorly choreographed , and even the camera work is dodgy and at times resembles a home movie.Shyamalan had no excuse for why this movie turned out bad , other than because he 's completely lost his sense of what a good movie is . This movie would actually be the year 's best unintentional comedy if I did n't love the source material , and had n't walked in walk in hoping desperately that the critics were wrong . Apparently , a lot of fans felt that way , because otherwise this horrible movie would not have made 300 million dollars . My only comfort is that Paramount probably realizes that the audience wo n't be fooled again , so this is probably the last time we 'll have to see Shyamalan bastardize a beloved franchise .
 This movie was the biggest left down , after a fantastic TV series . This film had cheap effects and horrible action scenes -LRB- like that of the cheap old kung-fu movies -RRB- , and little bending -LRB- the bending in the movie required a dance every time even for to throw a little stone -RRB- ... The benders are all lame and the story sucked -LRB- they go here and there but and then are at the North pole -RRB- ... they got almost nothing right in the movie ... they cant even pronounce names correctly
 My 10 year old son and I were really looking forward to this movie coming out . We watched the whole animated series over the summer and LOVED it . We couldnt wait for the movie . When we saw it in the theatres we were so disappointed ! There were several parts that were completely different from the original series , like the ending water battle . Also they dont go from town to town driving out firebenders . The animated series allowed you to connect with the characters and it was humorous and engaging . The movie was a let down for us .
 I did n't finish watching this movie as it went nowhere . At least , I expected it to have cool action and maybe represent some of the awesome visuals created by the show but it did n't . Dev Patel was interesting in it and I liked his character twists , but the rest of the movie was barely coherent and I feel that if I did n't know who was who before I watched it , I would have no idea what was going on . Watch the original animated show !!
 Tv show way # % # @ $ % better ! Do n't understand how a good anime could become a terrible flop . No , I doDirected by Shamalan , also known for signs and the happening balh!Terrible child actors , some good moments but for the most part just blah!Too short did n't have time to develop any story unlike tv series . -LRB- Not like anyone 's complaining to see it hurry up and end . -RRB- In the show they had quick motions to produce large-scale bending ; here they dance around and do &#34; air-karate &#34; to make a simple flame or rock float , little action moments just poor and simple dialogue -LRB- with so much narration as if its a documentary -RRB- Do n't waste money on the film , even if you 're interested in seeing how bad it is . That was what I did and it was a waste of my time.Instead I would recommend checking out the anime series if you have n't already it 's so much better .
 While everything has been said about this film and Shyamalan I still feel i have to put my two cents in . What little respect I had for M. Night Shyamalan went right out the window with this movie ! He stated in an interview with the creators of the show -LRB- Avatar
 Before I start , I need to say that I am OBSESSED with the anime and love the dynamic characters . I feel like they could have made this movie a billion times better ! The names were pronounced wrong which was very annoying especially to hear `` Uhng '' every time the avatars name was said . This show is amazingly popular and just like Percy Jackson fans , another epic fail and disappointment . I 've heard rumors book 2 is coming out but I 'm not sure . Anyone know ? Anyways , I was younger when I saw this movie but I had n't watched all the avatar shows until a year back . Me and my friend were talking about the movie and we could n't even describe it ! It was so terrible that we were open mouthed .
 Where do I begin with this crap ? I actually watched this on Nickelodeon the other week and it was the first time I 've seen it since its theatrical release . The Last Airbender is a classic example of what happens when you try to squeeze an entire season of a TV series into a 90 minute film . First of all there is so much going on in the show , that the movie is forced to skip some of through some of the most iconic moments i.e. when Aang tries to learn Firebending for the first time and burns Katara resulting in his fear to learn it . Everybody in the cartoon goes through their share of problems . But the movie has to skip through all of that to keep the focus on Aang . Hell , we do n't even get to see Sokka and the princess bond with each other.The second problem is the characters . Some of that has to do with the fact that actors are so terrible that saying their performance was wooden would be a compliment . There 's also the fact that nobody save for Zuko , Iroh , and Katara , is IN character . Sokka has none of his humor and sarcasm . Aang whines the time about how it sucks to be the Avatar and how he failed everyone the first time -LRB- and yes I know he was depressed about that fact in the cartoon , he was n't this emo about it -RRB- And do n't even get me started on the Earthbenders.Even the fight scenes are absurd turning bending into a joke . If I could rate this film any lower , I would . And judging from how just about everyone else felt about it , I do n't see any sequels coming out of this .
 Above I speak the truth and nothing but , the first half minute of the end credits was better than the movie . As a fan of the show I decided I had to see this movie at some point , so today I rented the movie despite how horrible it looked . Overall the movie sucked , not the worst movie I 've seen , -LRB- The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lava Girl -RRB- but it might steal second place . The plot was was horrifyingly bleak , and it seems / M. Night Shyamalan -LRB- who I 'll call M.N.S for the rest of the review -RRB- put in his best effort to BUTCHER WHAT HAD THE POTENTIAL TO BE AN EXCELLENT MOVIE ! The very first issue I came across was the intro . MNS could n't think of a better way to introduce the nations than to use the intro for the show , the main problem here was how the characters bended . Basically they began flailing their arms around and making pathetic attempts at flips , and still while bending the next nation would appear and immediately begin Katara talking while still finishing talking about the fire nation ! It 's hard to explain , but this really gave the idea that it was a mistake to get this film . Umm what else , some basic visual effects were screwed up , like when Katara broke open Aang 's `` life protection '' blue orb she flew back before the water hit her . Probably the two biggest concerns for me are how MNS pronounces Aang 's , Iroh 's , and Sokka 's names wrong , and how Aang 's arrow was a weird tatoo , and not solid . Also , Zuko 's hair was totally wrong , his scar was barely visible , Aang had a hard time with water bending at first when in the show he passed Katara 's abilities in seconds , nothing about Iroh 's extreme obbsesion with tea , Haru appeared briefly as a toung child instead of being Sokka 's age , also the prison Haru 's father was at was made of earth , not metal . The last major thing was how all the fire benders , save for Iroh needed a source of fire to bend . The ending was a disappointing anticlimactic shame . What happended was UA turned into the moon and her hair changed color , and then Aang was all , `` Avatar state , yip yip ! '' -LRB- fans will understand -RRB- made a big wall of water and slowly let it down . What the heck MNS , I thought you might be able to do one good thing in this movie , but no blue water stripy spirit ! * facepalm * Then the best part began , the end credits . The other bad part was the acting and visual effects , both were atrocious !
 I 'm someone who saw this movie without having seen a single minute of the anime it was based upon , or having known one single thing about the anime . I had heard the movie got bad reviews when it was in theaters , and I had heard something about the fans of the show being upset about the movie , but I was only vaguely aware of the this , and I did n't really care . Movie critics get things wrong often enough , and the trailers looked like the movie could be cool , particularly the first one . I almost watched it at the theater this summer , and was willing to spend money on 3D , but I ended up going to other movies instead.So , last Friday I ended up renting the movie and watching it . I then started watching the series online -LRB- check Hulu , though it might not be up any more -RRB- , and managed see all 61 episodes of the series over the course of four days . This has put me in the unique position of being able to review this movie BOTH as someone who does n't know anything about the anime series , AND as someone who is -LRB- now -RRB- a fan of the anime series.First , as someone who knew nothing about the show : In a nutshell , I found the movie to be dull , annoying , annoyingly stupid , and pointless . I could n't bring myself to care about any of the characters . For a fantasy world , complete with magical powers and diverse peoples , a hundred year war , and an adventurous quest to avert the apocalypse , the story was amazingly boring . AND it managed to be simple and confusing at the same time , which is an achievement I did n't know was possible . It 's simple , in that it 's a standard good guy vs. bad guy storyline , and complicated in that how this world works is n't explained very well and random stuff keeps happening with no explanation.The protagonist of the story is a kid whose got special super powers , but needs training to use the super powers , and so has to go on a journey to get trained by some people at the north pole . He starts his journey at the south pole . Why he ca n't find a teacher anywhere closer than literally the farthest away they could be other than outer space , I do n't know . The antagonist is the Fire Nation , apparently a nation that wants to rule the whole world . The super kid is important because he 's something called ` the Avatar ' or maybe it 's because he 's the last of his kind , the Airbenders , or because he 's been frozen in a block of ice for a hundred years , or something , but this is n't explained very well in the movie . The few things that are ` explained ' in the movie are explained with stupid reasons . Other stuff is filed under random s ** t that just happens . When the bad guys raid a village , they ask for all the old people to be brought out . Why ? I do n't know . I do n't think even the bad guys know . When two people are escaping a prison , a lone arrow is shot across a vast canyon , to perfectly strike one of the escapees across the face , cracking the porcelain mask they 're wearing and knocking them out , but not actually hurting the person . Where did the arrow come from ? Was it a lucky shot ? An unbelievably skilled archer ? Why was there only one arrow shot at the escapees and not a hundred ? Were all the prison archers on lunch break or something ? Then there 's giant flying furry beast that the heroes of the story use for transportation that 's just THERE with superpower boy . RANDOM INEXPLICABLE STUFF.Then there was the dialogue . Not a single word anyone ever said actually gave you any idea as to what there personality was like . All dialogue was designed to further the `` plot '' , such as it was . And it was REPETITIVE . In the first ten minutes of the movie one character uses the phrase `` the fire nation is here with their machines '' TWICE in a single minute -LRB- Also , there were no machines . There were soldiers and they came on a ship ... maybe the ship was ` the machines ' ? -RRB- . Another character , one of the main bad guys , mentions his dastardly secret plot to kill a spirit like half a dozen times . When he finds the spirit -LRB- which is apparently a fish ... but also the moon , or the moon spirit or do n't ask IDEK -RRB- he talks about his plot AGAIN while holding the fish up in a bag , and I 'm like , `` JUST KILL THE STUPID MOON FISH ALREADY !! You 've only been yapping about it for the last HOUR ! '' . The dialogue is dull and insipid . I 'd expect this kind of work from a 7th grader . A failing 7th grader . And the acting is worse . It 's like the actors are reading their lines for the first time . The emotional range of the characters is the following
 Originally , I had been intending to wait until this film came out on DVD so I could rent it from a Redbox . However , my friend wanted to see this , and invited me along . I thought , why the heck not.He wanted to see it in 3D , so I thought , sure , might as well . The 3D cost 4 extra bucks , but after the movie was over , I felt totally ripped off . The movie previews that came before the actual Airbender movie itself had more 3D in them than the danged movie ! There were a few moments where the 3D effects popped out , but overall , if you watch this in 2D , you 're not really missing out on anything here.I do n't know what M. Night Shymalan was thinking when he directed this . Now , it would have been IMPOSSIBLE to get all of the cool stuff in Season 1 into this movie , but what the people responsible for this atrocity did was disgraceful . There was so much cut out . Many beloved characters - the Kyoshian Warriors , Jet , Bato , Jeong Jeong , Haru , Avatar Roku , King Bumi , Madame Wu , the pirates , the list goes on ... none of them made a single appearance . Many things were simply smushed together - for example , Haru 's village and the Kyoshi Village have apparently been mushed together as one - but there 's no Haru or Kyoshian Warriors -LRB- the only thing we see is a old stone statue of Avatar Kyoshi -RRB- All the cutting out of vital elements of the story was really unneccessary as this movie was barely one and a half hours . Titanic was twice that long , and this movie could have done at least two hours easy . Why such a short film ? Only God knows why . Maybe M. Night or the producers got bored and decided to just cut out as much as he thought he could get away with.Of course , you CA N'T fit twenty episodes into one movie . We all know that . I 've seen enough book to movie adaptations to know that a movie adaptation can never get everything in from the source , but the problem with this movie is that there was minimal effort to capture the spirit of the TV series . I did n't feel like the producers and director CARED for the story , with the way the movie came out plot and dialogue-wise . I loved Dev Patel as Zuko . And for a odd reason , I rather liked Iroh 's appearance . Both of them were decent actors . But none of the lines from the show made it to the movie - such as Sokka 's sarcasm , Aang asking Katara if she wanted to go penguin-sledding , the delicious banter between Zhao and Zuko -LRB- and the Agni Kai that resulted from it -RRB- , Iroh 's nuggets of wisdom , and so on and so forth . What made the show so great and enjoyable was stripped away from the movie . I did n't FEEL any of the essence of the show in this.The Bending was a joke . Some of the fight scenes were awesome , but much of the Bending was preceded by what looked like interpretive dance whereas on the show , Bending was pretty much instantaneous with just one or two moves or gestures . Why did M. Night do this to the Bending arts ? Again , only God knows why . He clearly had the budget , and the costumes were great - I loved the clothing of the Fire Lord and Admiral Zhao . Overall the costumes for everyone seemed well-done , but so many other things were lacking and props could not save the atrocious storyline , writing , and dialogue.Very little of the original show remains . Even the freaking name pronouncation has changed . If all of the character 's names were changed and the Bending was renamed ` element magic ' or something like that , this could easily have passed as an entirely different movie/story . One would think that with such an AWESOME TV show , the movie would be awesome too . Most of the actors for this film - especially Aang , or should I say , ` Ohng ' - failed in their roles and were so unlike their TV counterparts and such lackluster actors in their roles that I wonder why M. Night chose them in the first place . It seems especially that the actors for Aang and Sokka have never seen the TV show and did n't bother studying their characters - which to me is shocking , because any actor in a movie adaptation should take the time to study their character and source material.Sadly , it 's a terrible film , and I 'm afraid of what M. Night and the producers will do with the next movie . Even people who have n't seen the TV show are trashing this film , and I have to agree . So much has been cut out that if you do n't have the TV show information in your mind , things become really confusing . Hopefully M. Night will read all the negative reviews and rethink his plans for the next Airbender movie , because if he did n't even take the time to make sure the character 's names were pronounced properly , he should n't be too surprised that people are being so critical of the film .
 I do n't understand how Shyamalan could mess this up so badly . My girls and I own the 3 books of the nick cartoon series Avatar
 There are good adaptations . There are bad adaptations . And there are adaptations that rip asunder the source material and gleefully devour its corpse.This is one of the last category.I might have been able to still enjoy `` The Last Airbender '' if it had merely had special effects , a horrible script and actors with the charisma of a plank . But director M. Night Shyamalan gets EVERYTHING ELSE wrong too , from the character motivations to bending.Southern Water Tribe girl Katara and her brother Sokka stumble across a glowing glacier , and find a young Airbender boy inside . Since all the other Airbenders are dead , Katara figures out that Aang is the Avatar -- the master of all four elements , and the only person in the world who can defeat the powerful Fire Nation.However , the Fire Nation has already found him , in the form of the disgraced Prince Zuko -LRB- Dev Patel -RRB- . Aang , Sokka and Katara set out on a perilous voyage to the North Pole to find a waterbending master . But the malevolent Admiral Zhao -- Zuko 's nemesis -- is approaching the North Pole with the Fire Nation navy , with a plan that may destroy them all.M . Night Shyamalan had a golden opportunity with `` The Last Airbender '' -- the original cartoon was intelligent , funny , complex and filled with brilliant martial-arts and strong philosophical overtones . So instead he decided to make a movie with NONE of that -- a witless , humorless , simplistic stumbling behemoth of a film.The culture , the characters , the climactic battle , the bending , the acting , the action sequences , and even the pronunciation of the names ... EVERYTHING IS WRONG . WRONG , WRONG , WRONG . But if I listed everything wrong with the movie , this review would be the size of a novel.Even from an objective perspective , this movie is a disaster . Shyamalan clearly has no idea how to write an action movie , blasting through incoherent fight scenes in one long pan . The story feels painfully repetitive -LRB- how many times is Aang going to be captured ?! -RRB- and the script is horrendously pompous , humorless and rushed -LRB- `` We have to show them that we believe in our beliefs as much as they believe in theirs '' -- WHAT ? You 're not trying to SAVE THE WORLD ? -RRB- . Also , there are gaping plot holes that a three-year-old can spot . So the Fire Nation imprisons Earthbenders , who manipulate rocks and soil ... in a friggin ' MINE . And the pseudo-Buddhist Aang apparently has no problem with COLD-BLOODEDLY KILLING HUNDREDS OF PEOPLE . Was Shyamalan mocking us with how bad he could make this , or did he just not care?I will give Dev Patel credit -- even though his Zuko 's main source of angst seems to be a mild case of eczema , he does put a lot of passion and intensity into the role.Sadly , the same can not be said of the other actors . Aang is wooden and mopey , Katara is weepy and inept , and Sokka comes across as a ticking time bomb . Even the talented Shaun Toub plays the horrendously-written role of Iroh with an air of boredom -- he always looks like he 's thinking , `` Okay , when do I get paid ? '' Only Aasif Mandvi seems to be having fun chewing the scenery.M . Night Shyamalan managed something truly impressive in `` The Last Airbender '' -- he managed to take a funny , well-written , intelligent series and suck out all the humor , cleverness and likability from it .
 Recently purchased my 3D flatscreen & have been able to collect and watch seven 3D movies . Am impressed ! As excited as I was with my first color TV . The movies are spectacular in 3D , and a couple surpass their theatrical presentations . However , my entusiasm has been tempered with the recent release of The Last Airbender . Although the reviews for the movie hav n't been that great , I expected to enjoy the special effects in 3D . Wrong ! There is depth perception in some scenes , but that 's it . Can be watched without glasses with little or no distortion . Is this the future of 3D blu ray , with studios attempting to cash in with movies not suited for the format in order to provide an impressive array of software ? Hope not . I `` m willing to wait a month or six for the next 3D release , as long as it 's as good as the early ones .
 The movie began promising with a strong opening that paid tribute to the TV series , but then everything quickly collapsed .1 . The names of key characters were changed
 Avatar
 This movie is an amalgamation of poor decisions and poor understanding . Remember being young and having to constantly correct your parents whenever they attempted to discuss the cartoons and video games you liked ? That 's this movie . It 's as if Shyamalan walked in on his son watching Avatar , watched one episode with him , and decided to make a movie adaptation as a surprise birthday present.Where to begin ? First of all , the deliberate decision to pronounce many of the characters ' names differently from the cartoon reeks of ignorance . What does this accomplish ? It serves only to instantly throw off and alienate the real fans of the show , and in no way enhances the movie for people not in the know.Second , pacing . This movie ludicrously attempts to condense an entire season consisting of roughly 7 and a half hours of content into 90 minutes . A feat so daunting Shyamalan probably knew it was impossible , but did it anyway ! I had watched the 1st season of the show directly before watching this movie and was amazed at how fast the it tries to plow through the storyline of the show . The film is so rushed it offers no time to introduce its characters . Characters that once formed an ensemble are now given the back burner in favor of the main character.Finally , the magic of the show is just simply lost in the transition to live action . I do n't know if the fighting in the cartoon can be pulled off in this medium , but the movie seems to want me to believe that it ca n't . The iconic regalia of the fire nation in the cartoon just comes off as drab in the film . Just like Dragonball Evolution , the film not only brings absolutely nothing new to the table of the source material , but taints it for merely existing .
 Never again . This is the movie that I use to describe how good or bad something is . `` How bad is it ? '' `` Last Airbender bad . ''
 The whole family have been fans of the anime series and just today we sat down to see what THE LAST AIRBENDER looked like with a ` real people cast ' . The best parts of the movie , in my opinion , were the special effects . It was cute to see MoMo and Apa on screen , and the bending effects were very well done . BUT oh the cinematography . It was awful made-for-TV quality . I suppose they shot their budget on the special effects , but that was a horrific mistake that was because the lack of good lighting and the bad panning made the actors look bad.Children wo n't notice the bad directing or the bad production qualities however . Although they might notice that the plotting is a bit slow.FINAL WORDS : :
 I was very disappointed to find the 3D in this movie so lacking , especially after shelling out $ 38 for it . I already had the Blu-Ray , so just for comparison I put it in and did the 2D to 3D conversion and could barely tell the difference . Paramount , you really dropped the ball on this one . I loved the story and characters but you screwed us with the 3D-to be honest , the front cover 3D looks better than the film . Compare this to other 3D movies out right now like Avatar , Alice In Wonderland , or Thor and you will see what I and most other reviewers are talking about . Save your money and buy the regular version-the 3D is not worth it . Mine is going back to Best Buy for a refund .
 this movie is the worst one i 've ever seen , story line and the actions are so lame and stupid . it 's a POS .
 THIS MOVIE IS PURE RUBBISH ! A PIECE OF CRAP ! I MEAN IT SUCKS !!!!!!! BOY AM I SURE GLAD I DID N'T SPEND ANY POUNDS/MONEY ON THIS JUNK MATE !
 This is a review on the movie and not the 3D . This movie is the furthest from the series . I was so disappointed . It does n't follow the characters lives and I do n't know why Shamalan was given the reigns . I own the entire animated collection and a true fan of the series . If you are a true fan , you will preserve the shows dignity and not watch this .
 This is quite possibly the worst movie that has ever been made . At least with directors like Ed Wood and Coleman Francis , you can expect the usual schlock-fest of discontinuous plot lines , undeveloped characters , and the even the occasional casting switch-up . I expected more from MNS , but perhaps I was wrong to hope that he could deliver on this . Do n't waste your time on this movie , instead , watch the Nickelodeon cartoon which this movie was ` loosely ' based on -LRB- I say loosely because apart from the names of the characters , which are mispronounced in this film , there are no comparable elements to the cartoon whatsoever -RRB- . I do n't understand how you can take something so well done as the Avatar cartoons , with conflict , character and plot development , and completely rob it of everything that would possibly have made it watchable , let alone enjoyable . Please go watch the cartoon instead of this movie , at least then you wo n't be disappointed . If you are one of a few unfortunate individuals who purchased this film , I do have some advice . These DVD cases are great for leveling wobbly furniture , and in a pinch , can also be used as a door stop . You might however want to remove the insert first , lest your friends and relatives realize that you were one of the poor schmucks who bought this film .
 Let me start by saying , the show Avatar
 ... after watching 3 seasons of it -LRB- like as in EVERY SINGLE EPISODE -RRB- , then you really do n't deserve to call yourself a director . And should apologize for wasting our time . And give us a refund . And promise to NEVER touch this storyline again ! And ... ice cream.It 's deplorable . The acting was soooo bad , it was like watching a traffic accident . You 're remorsefully shocked , and want it to go away -LRB- or get up and leave , but ca n't , since your kids were with you -RRB- . The writing was awful . The Directing -LRB- as I mentioned -RRB- , unbelievably unfathomably ... sucked . `` Sucked '' as in `` Oh , my God ... I , me , yes me , could have done better ! No wait , my five year old could have . With his eyes closed . And while running a fever . `` His unforgivable mistakes , especially in casting and then OK ` ing the storyline , were what amateur directors do ... not a seasoned veteran.I hated it . It sucked . Go watch the original show .
 I absolutely loved the cartoon . This movie made me sad . And not in the way that it moved me . This movie could have been , should have been so much better . First there should have been way more cg . The movie really sucked without it . Or the cg just sucked so bad it should have never have been attempted . The dialogue was ridiculous . The kids were not believable in any sense of the word . I got ta come back to the cg one more time it just angers me so much all those body movements to bend the elements with very little effect was just horrible . Whoever put together this movie should never be let near a movie again . Ever ! I like the idea of an avatar movie but one that does n't look like it was put together by a tard . Do yourself a favor and bypass this one .
 WARNING ! This will be a long review . You have been warned.How my ratings work :5 - I really liked/loved it4 - I liked it3 - Could 've been better/worth a look2 - Just did n't live up to the potential1 - Simply awfulOh M. Night Shyamalan . How the mighty hath fallen so far from grace . His breakout film was of course The 6th Sense , which many may not know as in fact his third full length feature film . His first film Praying With Anger is hard to find and I hope to some day check it out . His second feature was a family dramedy called Wide Awake , which is actually a pretty touching story of a Catholic school boy losing his grandfather and trying to work through the loss and his faith in God . I really like the 6th Sense . It was tense , scary , and had great performances all around and I can easily say is one of Bruce Willis ' best performances . Unbreakable was another good turn by Willis , as well as co-star Samuel L. Jackson . Signs I first saw when I was 14 and I liked it a lot more when it first came out than I do now . Still , it 's a guilty pleasure . I also enjoyed The Village despite the obvious twist mainly because I felt the performances were n't half bad . I 'm probably in the minority of people who enjoyed Lady in the Water . Yes it was a bit self indulgent of M. Night to cast himself as this future important writer , but Paul Giamatti as always does a good job and Bryce Dallas Howard is enjoyable . If you think of the movie by fairy tale logic than the stuff that does n't make a whole lot of sense is n't so bad . I 've only seen clips of The Happening , and from what I can tell it 's unintentionally hilarious . Okay , now let 's get to the real point as many people will say.I had n't seen Avatar
 * spoilers * I went and saw this at the movies , as i was buying my ticket the ticket person told me that it was a bad movie . I agree , this movey is got very little in common with the cartoon , names are diffrent on main people . It 's all spelled just enough not to void copyright law it seems . The earth kingdom is a village , the avatar can not kill anyone for its forbiden and to scare off the fire nation fleet at the north poll he raises a huge wall of water ... . and ... . sets it back down killing no one . YAWN
 Length :
 Let me start off by saying that I was in a unique position going into this film in the fact that I am a HUGE Avatar fan AND a huge fan of M.N. Shyamalan movies . Sixth Sense , Unbreakable , Signs , The Village , hell , I even liked Lady in the Water thanks to Paul Giamatti 's chops saving the film in my view . I was eagerly anticipating the release of this movie since last year when I first saw the previews and saw who the director was . Boy am I disappointed ! This film is so wrong on so many levels I almost feel the need to just make a bulleted list for you.Let 's start with name pronunciation since that 's one area I know a lot of people have hang-ups with this film . If you know how vowels are pronounced in most asian languages you can almost understand what he was trying to do by changing the pronunciation . Their names are being `` properly '' pronounced if you go by spelling and maybe a long time ago when the animated series first came out someone screwed up so this was M.N.S. way of trying to right that wrong . Well I think that was stupid . The characters are known by all their fans by the names as pronounced on the show . Why change it at this point ? That was dumb.Next , the races of our poor actors . I could stomach watching a white Sokka or Katara if that was the best actor they found and they made their characters believable and true . Unfortunately these actors are flat , and boring and not even CLOSE to correctly portraying their characters . This fact only galvanizes my belief that Hollywood feels only white actors can sell movies . Was it really necessary to have Tom Cruise in the Last Samurai ? I think the film was great but would have been so much better without him.What else , so many disappointments . The story was haphazard , the effects terrible -LRB- if you 're going to make a 3D movie , then make a 3D movie . Do n't shoot for 2D and then go `` hey , let 's see what happens when we put on some 3D glasses and watch it ! '' -RRB- The most disappointing aspect was the total lack of any connection between the actors . The most important part of the Airbender series in my view is the development of the characters and their relationships with each other as they fulfill their destinies . Not present at all . `` Sokka '' was Sokka in name only as were nearly all the characters . Aang , the most important of all was not the happy , brave , but insecure and curious child we all know and love , he was some kind of weird emo Robert Pattison Aang.In conclusion , as a person who spent the last year waiting for the release of this film , I must sadly tell you to spend your money elsewhere . This is not Airbender . I do n't know what it is , but it 's not Airbender .
 This is the worst adaptation of an animated series that I can think of.The series was multi-layered , had decent writing , good voice acting , and an interesting animation style.The movie 's acting was just bad . The writers tried to put so many different story-arcs into this one movie that it made little sense even if you know the plot from the series.This movie was a horrible waste of the material and the studio 's money .
 Horrible Movie.I have been a big fan of the cartoons -- own all the cartoon DVDs and stuffed animals to boot . I had great expectations for the live-action film , but it was terrible . The storyline was mostly different than the cartoon , and at times , did n't make any sense . Acting was extremely poor , and the themes were over emphasized throughout the movie -LRB- yes , I get that it 's your destiny -- Shut up about it -RRB- . The only really good part of the film was seeing bending in action . I really hope they do n't make another.Buy this instead : Avatar The Last Airbender - The Complete Book 1 Collection
 M. Night could have hit one out of the park with this movie . It was all set up . The plot , the characters , all right there for the taking . All he needed to do was accurately translate the animated series into a movie . What happened?M . Night WHIFFs and strikes out badly.I took my three sons to watch this movie . They were so dissapointed that we had to go watch Toy Story 3 just to get the `` bad movie '' taste out of collective systems . My six year old was actually booing during the movie.I think M. Night 's big blunder in this movie is taking away the oriental theme that was very prominent in the animated series - from the selection of the actors casted , mispronounciation of the oriental names in the series to the general oriental themes in the series -LRB- houses , food , etc etc -RRB- . I mean , why would you do that you dummy ??? He was interviewed and was asked about this specific critism and he responded by saying that those who were pointing this out were `` small minded '' . Well , with the unbelievable number of folks who thinks this movie is terrible , just goes to show who really is `` small minded '' afterall.Booo on you M. Night for ruining a perfectly good animated series .
 FUI A VER LA PELICULA AL CINE EN 3D Y LA VERDAD QUE FUE UN ASCO DE PELICULA SIN HISTORIA Y LO MAS ME ESPANTO DE LA PELICULA FUE EL LIBRETO ASI QUE SI PIENSAS COMPRAR UNA PELICULAS PARA TUS HIJOS NO COMPRES ,
 Hi im 15 years old . I love the Last air bender tv shower . when i was young that 's was all i ever watch . i love it to a point . i could n't wait for the next show . it made me who i am today . When i heard there was a moving come out . i was like a little boy with a new toy or candy . i was so hype for the movie.i wait and wait for it to come on , then i saw it . the first 5mins of the movie . made me want to cry i mean i was crying . i never saw a cheaply made movie in my life . they took a asian base . and put no asian in the movie what is this . i hate who ever made this movie . the fire nation was not made up of Indian people . they would like the Japaneses . there island was almost the same . they mess up every thing.i heard they spent $ 150 million on the movie it 's look like they spent $ 150 on it . i am still a last air bender fan for life . but this movie does not have the right to be call a movie . do n't watch this movie or you will be mad and piss off because of it .
 One sentence can sum up how horrible this film was and that sentence was
 Will not buy the next movie . The movie just can not compare to the cartoon . I will stick to watching the cartoon-very disappointed in the movie
 If all you love is CGI then this is the movie for you , cause there 's a lot of it and it looks really good for the most part . On the other hand if a good story and acting is you forte then you 'll probably be disappointed like I was . I have to say not having seen the cartoon Airbender in Nicktoon really helped me finished this movie simply because I had nothing to compare it with but now that I have managed to see a couple of season of it I have to say what a waste of time that movie was . First of all the main character 's acting is so terrible I could n't bear to listen anymore , throw in some one liners and cheese acting by some of the other cast members and you have a hell of a ride . I just hope that if they decide to do a sequel it may be a worthwhile one . I did n't loved it nor did I hate it I just watched it once and was gone with it .
 At the end it says written , directed , produced by M. Night Shyamalan . Well he failed on all counts . Although I enjoyed the seconded half a little better then the first , that 's not saying much . Even if you 're not familiar with the show it 's still a bad movie . It 's dark and confusing and we never connect with the characters.It 's like he threw the script in a pot , stirred it around , took out some key ingredients added some other junk and served it up . He took out all the comedy and all the romance . Why the changes in the name pronunciations ? Why say the Avatar never gets married and has a family ? So not true and it goes against the 3rd book when we find out that Zuko is the Avatar 's great grandson . It ruins everything , what a shame!I guess he was trying to make it his own or improve on it , but you ca n't improve on perfection ! This is one of the best television series ever made . I hate anime so I was hesitant to watching it but my kids made me sit through one episode and I fell in love . Boy did I almost miss out on a good thing !! Buy the series on DVD but leave the movie alone .
 Knowing that this was targeted for a young audience it was still a huge disappointment . At their best the special effects were mildly impressive and other times they just looked terribly low budget . The dialogue and the plot were horrible . It is n't even worth the rental price . You will be especially disappointed if you know anything about the series .
 So , I 'm a huge fan of the cartoon and I tried not to go into the movie with the hope that it was going to be just like the cartoon . BUT , it was horrible . I used to be a fan of M. Night ... his movies are going gradually down the toilet . He claims that he was a HUGE fan of the movie , yet COMPLETELEY RUINED THIS ONE !!!! This movie could n't have been cast any worse . Half the actors in this movie ca n't act , and the others who can are overacting in the entire film ! I took my 10 year old nephew to go see it -LRB- who loves the cartoon and begged me to take him -RRB- and when we got out he looked at me and said `` Uncle Jon , that was the worst movie . `` They did n't even pronounce the peoples names right , and when a ten year old is screaming `` his name is n't ONG , it 's ANG ! '' you know the movie is bad . It was like he was trying to cover up screwing up the story and the characters with nothing but special effects . If anyone would have done this BUT M. Night I think that it would have been ok . Overall , a huge jumbled mess of CRAP . And I really hope that they do n't give him the funding for any other movies .
 It was n't worth watching -- I watched the first thirty minutes , but did n't finish it -- I have very little free time and did not want to waste it by finishing this awful movie -- the plot was skimpy and not fleshed out -- I understand that this is a Nickelodeon movie , but they still could have fleshed out the characters better --
 The critics are right about this one . And I 'm pretty generous when it comes to certain films , but this one a polished turd.Do yourself a favor and rent this on Netflix if you want to watch it that bad . If you have never seen or heard of the Last Airbender Series or just have low movie standards then there is a slim chance you might actually like the movie , but even avid movie watchers will tell you it 's pretty shoddy . The only thing interesting may be some special effects and that 's about it . It 's pretty much a rushed story , poorly acted , cheesy film based on the Avatar
 I 'm shocked that anyone would give this movie more than 2 stars -LRB- and 2 stars is for those being incredibly nice -RRB- . I have only walked out of a tiny handful of movies in my life and this tops the list . The Last Airbender 's terrible acting , directing , special effects and lack of basic storytelling structure are inexcusable.These flaws are aside from butchering the series itself . M. Night claimed to be the series ' biggest fan , yet the actors ca n't even pronounce the character 's names correctly , or consistently . The casting of series favorite Iro was mind boggling . The use -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- of Appa as anything more than a transportation tool is proof that M. Night has no grasp of the core relationships that make the series an American animation classic.Please do not support this film . Buy the original series and treat yourself to something brilliant.Avatar The Last Airbender - The Complete Book 1 Collection
 I went into this film hoping for at least some cool setpieces . It was already a given that there was way too much plot in the original chunk of material to fit into 100 minutes . Still , I had faith that it could be pared down to something workable , if on a smaller scale.I was being much too optimistic.There 's just so much wrong with it . The characters only needed to say a few lines before I had to sigh and switch over from `` enjoy film '' mode to `` analyze for educational purposes '' mode . It 's the only reason I did n't walk out of the theater ; I 'm hoping to work on films someday , and negative examples can teach as effectively as good ones . And there were plenty of negatives . * Poor dialog was rife -LRB- `` Katara ! Do n't touch that sphere ! '' -RRB- . * The acting was probably bad , though with the awful dialog it was hard to tell . * Plot holes everywhere - not ones created by cutting down the original story , either ! These were brand new plot holes ! * Countless problems with story logic and screen direction . * The characters became plot-robots with no personalities of their own ! * Pacing issues made this a whirlwind journey from set to set , with no chance to feel anything about what was going on - and yet we do have time to watch a good long scene of Aang and Katara doing tai chi -LRB- without actually waterbending , mind you -RRB- . And to have Zhao tell Ozai about the scroll he found for the third time.I wo n't even go into the `` racebending '' controversy because it was the least of the film 's problems . This is n't a matter of fan-dumb ; it was just a bad movie.Not to say that it failed on all fronts , though . The sets and costumes were pretty awesome . The score had its moments . The CG bending effects ... well , they were serviceable . Not great , but not awful . Just underutilized.So , for anyone wondering whether they should pick this one up or not - rent it first if you must . I 'd just as soon advise you watch -LRB- or rewatch -RRB- the original show instead .
 For context , I loved the cartoon series and was excited about this movie . I knew I would be a little disappointed because you could n't bring one entire season of awesomeness into a 2 hours movie without losing some of its core.However , this movie disappointed more than I could even believe . He managed to strip out the entire heart of the show and just make it into a chronological series of events that occured during season 1 of avatar . It 's almost like a 2 hour long trailer with a bunch of special effects.Let 's see if he got any of the characters right : Aang
 I went and watched this movie the day it came out . To me this movie ruined the cartoon TV show that I absolutely love . I felt as though they did all of the characters wrong , and they changed the story line a lot . I understand that they had a budget and were restricted by time , but I am just saying that they should have either waited to raise more money for the movie or they should have never made it in the first place . My suggestion is to not buy this movie if you have never seen it . If you are curious about it then rent it from redbox or something first .
 This movie is a great disappointment . I did n't expect much thanks to other reviews , but it is amazing what one will tolerate when they love the characters . I just loved the animated series , and was ready for an adult perspective . I do n't know how they thought this movie would pass , sure the effects were good but the most exciting part was the credits . The cast was horrible dry wooden characters , but I ca n't blame them entirely the script lacked the passion and easy going nature that the animated series had . The main character 's name is pronounced wrong -LRB- Seriously , how can that sort of mistake go by unnoticed ? -RRB- If you love the animated series do not watch this movie . This movie could have been so much more . I hope someone wo n't let this train wreck stop such a great plot and one day will remake this movie and give the characters and story line the respect it deserves .
 This movie is just horrible . Whether you watch the cartoon like I did , or never seen it before , this is just horrible .
 This movie was SO bad . Based on anime , yet nary an Asian actor within a country mile . Special effects , as Beavis and Butthead would say , were n't very special . And neither is this movie . Dev Patel looks like he 's just been hit in the head with a baseball bat , and I think it lasts for about a day.P . U.
 I love the show , its my all time favorite , but they ruined it.CON 'S :1 . they pronounced Aang 's name Ong -LRB- how does that happen ? -RRB- 2 . the fire nation was all Indian -LRB- racist -RRB- 3 . they left so much out it was hard to follow , even for those of us who have seen the series .4 . uncle was a chubby , laughable , wise , white haired character in the series , however in the movie he was a skinny man , with black dread locks , and serious all the time .5 . the fire-benders could not make their own fire they could only control the fire they bring or find.Those are just a few reasons why I despise this movie.PRO 'S 1 . Its a movie YAY -LRB- well if you count ruining a TV series , and disillusioning an entire world audience a pro -RRB-
 This movie was bad . All the makings of a good movie were there -LRB- karate stuff , special effects , decent background -RRB- , but it just did n't work together . It just felt amateurish to me from the first scene , and just got more painful over time . No real character development , and the poor acting in general kept me from really getting into this.So close .
 While Shamalan had potential at first , he 's put out so many stinkers it just sad . This movie is slow , the characters have no charisma , no flow ... the movie jumps here and there to very little purpose . It picks up the last half hour but not enough to save the film . This maybe would appeal to young kids 6-10 as an after school special .
 but there was too much action crammed into one movie . Character and plot development really suffered because of this.The visuals are amazing . The acting is average.I fell sound asleep . My children -LRB- ages 11 - 17 -RRB- all thought that this movie fell far short of the series and -LRB- other than the visual effects -RRB- was weak in general . Thank goodness we only rented it from Redbox and did n't buy it !
 I fully understand the vast undertaking that comes with trying to adapt 20 episodes into one 2 hour movie . I get it . A horrendous amount of information is going to be left out . That said , they really did n't leave out so much as people thought they were going to . See , instead of describing it through actions or normal plot devices , each character decided to stop and narrate what was going on and the nuances of their world for no particular reason whatsoever . It got very frustrating and just plain annoying very quickly.Also , there were 20 episodes for the first season alone to learn the world . I get there must be a few changes made to make the story flow and work a bit better , but some of the changes made were beyond ludicrous . Changing Aang 's name to Ah-ng , Katara to Ko-tara , Sokka to Soakka . Even avatar is now pronounced ah-vatar . M. Night had three seasons , or even if he just watched the first season , he still had more than enough material to learn their frikkin ' names . My 6 year old nephew apparently stood up in the middle of the theater and shouted out , `` That 's not how you say their names ! '' A 6 year old figured it out , but M. Night could n't . That might seem like a small gripe , but honestly , if the director ca n't even learn how to say the characters ' names , what hope does the rest of the movie have ? Well I 'll tell you.M . Night changed up how the fire benders used their powers , changed the significance of Sozin 's Comet -LRB- that passing by would give all of them their powers permanently . And seriously , if that was the case , why would the Avatar , protector of balance in their world , care if they got their power finally ? And what about the first time it passed ? Did they just no have powers , did it not pass close enough to give it to them permanently , how did they become the military might on the planet against three other nations full of benders that do n't need the magical comet ? -RRB- How he changed the fire benders powers just made no sense when you stop to think about it , even from outside the show vs. movie debate.The 3D was laughable at best . Even without your glasses , there was n't a massive difference on screen . Momo and Appa are nearly non-existent , the races of the various characters were n't true to material , Sokka , sorry , Soakka , is now a blithering , whiny idiot . The complaints could go on and on , but instead I 'll just leave you with this . My father went to see the movie despite dire warnings from myself and my brother . He 's never seen a single episode in his life , nor has his wife who watched the movie with him . When he came back , they both cited many of the same complaints I stated above as well as being horrendously lost and confused . Oh , and one final thing , for those of you who think complaining on tiny details like the race or the name changes , the reason why I do is simple
 And I 'm not just saying that . This movie has bad everthing , bad casting , bad directing . The show had a perfect balance of humor and action . The movie takes it self so seriously it beyeond bad . The action scenes are some of the worst . All they are is a whole bunch of special effects with bad fight scenes . M. Night is the wrong director for this film . He has made the worst reviewed film this year so far -LRB- as of september 2010 -RRB- . Just look on imdb and look at the ratings or look on rotten tomatoes . Still not conviced ? See it for yourself and releaize this was the worst movies ever made .
 A brief description on the Avatar -LRB- for people who know nothing about it -RRB- : A person who can bend all the elements which are Air , Water , Earth , and Fire -LRB- in that order -RRB- and is meant to keep balance in the world . As he masters all the elements , the world is closer to peace . When the Avatar dies , he reincarnates into a different tribe.Bending is being able to telekinetically connect with a certain element . There are separate tribes that bend separate elements . In this movie the Fire Nation is trying to overrule all the other benders . They 've already succeeded in killing off all the Airbenders . Apparently they could n't defend themselves but the Avatar , only knowing Air bending at the begining , was able to easily kick their a ** es . Why could n't a whole tribe of benders defend themselves ? Beats me.The Avatar was encapsulated under ice for over a century and in his absence , the world lost balance . Once Katara and Sokka find the Avatar , they find a huge animal along with him . Where did he come from and what is it ? Very strange and nonsensical to me . But this animal proves to be an essential in the movie as he can fly , and swim . They 're going to need that because the tribes they need to go to to master the other elements are scattered all over the world . And one thing I do n't understand is why the Fire Nation is trying dominate . The Earth Benders easily defeated them , Water Benders could very easily flood their colonies and ships , and Airbending has proven to be very effective as well . I do n't understand why they 're trying to be dominant at all.One scene that gets me is while the nephew of the Fire Nation lord is rescuing the Avatar from the Fire Nation , I 'm guessing it 's because his father told him if he captures the Avatar he can come back as king , they shot one arrow at him and it makes a direct hit on the mask he 's wearing . That arrow was flung upward and descended over a vast distance too . Unless this guy had better accuracy than Hawkeye from the Avengers , or it was magically attracted , you have a better chance of getting attacked by a tiger in Las Vegas than making a direct hit . Very unethical.Last thing is the acting . It was pretty bad . I 've seen worse . But I 'm guessing what they cared about was pretty/handsome faces . They did an ok job on that . I thought that Katara 's character was pretty -LRB- that 's based on personal opinion so do n't judge me on that please . I 'm 15 at the time this was written by the way and am borrowing my parent 's account -RRB- . But , for example , the part where the Earth Benders present Katara with a Water Bending scroll , the way she says `` These are rare ! '' sounded nearly sarcastic . Bottom line
 If you have any love for the animated series produced by Nickelodeon then you will find nothing to love in this movie . If you have any love for cinema at all you will find nothing to love about this movie . I could take the time to single out something but i do n't see the point , it 's BAD everything ... writing , direction , visuals , acting , all of it is just bad.However , if you love the animated series and love to yell at bad movies while drunk this could be the picture for you . Just be prepared to be heartbroken .
 This is an awful movie . The script , acting , actors are all very poor . If you 're a fan of the show , I do n't think you will like this at all . The special effects were the only -LRB- slightly -RRB- redeeming factor .
 this movie was filled with such terrible everything . whether you have seen the tv series or not , this was garbage . it took them like 12 karate moves to bend a ball of water . why bother if it takes 5 minutes ?! dont waste your time with this movie . i gave it 2 stars because despite it being awful , it is watchable -LRB- particularly for young-ish children -RRB-
 To start , I will say that I watched the entire series of The Avatar , the last Airbender . From when Aang first appeared in the ice , to the Fire Lord 's last days of being a dictator . I watched every episode no matter the filler content . I understand that the movie is a more suppressed version of the series , only telling the key parts of the series . I watched this movie with an open mind , expecting nothing but the best from one of my favorite series of all time . I left my entertainment center with nothing but disappointment and regret . I could n't even finish the movie . I 've watched all the way through Beverly Hills Chihuahua and G-Force , but I could n't finish The Last Airbender . This movie had no content . There is no redeemable qualities about this movie . The acting was horrible , the music was n't nearly as good , the special effects were shotty , and the story was a mess . You could tell this was a low budget film ... . But why ? The series was nominated and won several awards , you would think logically , they would maximize their profits by producing a good quality film to attract people that do n't already watch the series . I had a hard time talking people into seeing the series after they watched this movie . The content was especially horrid . You could tell by watching for 20 minutes that there are plot holes . In one dialogue , Aang was talking to his predecessor about facing the Fire Lord . I can sum up the 5 minute dialogue in four sentences . `` I must face Fire Lord . '' `` No you ca n't . '' `` Yes I can . '' `` Okay , there 's no stopping you , go on . `` Please save yourself the injustice of this movie and watch the series !
 I waited with great anticipation for this movie to release ! Our entire family fell in love with the characters and story years ago , but we were completely shocked at what we saw . M. Night Shayamalan not only got the story wrong , he completely destroyed the joy and passion that naturally comes from these characters . I 've seen some real stinkers in my life , but this was BY FAR the worst movie I 've ever had to watch . I will readily admit this is , in large part , due to my love for the animated series , but even that aside ... this movie was a flop.If you love -LRB- or even just `` liked '' -RRB- the animated series , do n't watch this . You 'll find yourself repeating the phrase `` WHAT THE HECK ? '' over and over again . What was Nickelodeon thinking ?
 I was severely disappointed about 10 minutes in and found myself growing angrier as I watched the movie from beginning to end . I am an avid fan of the cartoon series and like so many other fans I would definitely not recommend people watch this movie if they want to understand the world of the Last Airbender . While condensing 20 episodes or 600 minutes worth of material into roughly a 2 hour window is indeed difficult , it no less difficult than condensing an entire and very detailed novel like The Fellowship of the Rings into the same time frame , plus or minus 20 some minutes . I understand the difficulty of deciding what to leave in and what to leave out , but this movie makes me feel like the producers made little effort to watch the original series or they decided to trash it and make big bucks off people with something far inferior . There is some truth to the latter as it failed miserably with the critics but still made a sizeable amount of money.So , why all this backlash and negativity ? Well , for those who never saw the cartoon it is a fast paced action busting machine moving from scene to scene with little to no understanding of why the things that are happening , are happening . There are instances where subplots key to the cartoon series that could have still been shown in the movie , but to a lesser extent , are told by voiceover commentary . The Sokka and Yue romance is a good example . Movie Katara talks about it but little visual reference for the romance is given . Did we need to see the two lovers snogging each other ? Not necessarily but other movies have given scenes long enough where body language told the audience what was happening . And speaking of the movie versions of the cartoon characters , I was majorly disappointed in the actors ' portrayals of the characters they were playing . Aang in the movie is all solemn and in my opinion kind of emo . Little to know emotion is showing in the movie . In the cartoon he displays a range of emotions from being optimistic and carefree to dangerously angry . Sokka 's stupidity and corny jokes in the cartoon make me laugh , the movie Sokka made me want to throttle him for being so ... monotone and lifeless . The characters never seemed to grow . I think of it as `` oh we 're doing the next scene so we are automatically stronger than we were in the previous scene even though a transition showing us developing our abilities and personalities was never really shown . '' It was just patchwork.The name pronunciation was pathetic . Why did the pronunciation have to change ? Sokka -LRB- Saw-kuh -RRB- became -LRB- Sow-kuh -RRB- , Iroh -LRB- Eye-row -RRB- became -LRB- Ear-row -RRB- , and Aang became Uhng . So the avatar is now a common caveman ? Sure he was in a block of ice for 100 years but the air nomads were a peaceful and well respected people . I see little relation between a `` common caveman '' and a civilized monk . Next Uhng will be used in a Geico commercial . 15 minutes of airbending could save you 15 % resistance or more on fire insurance ... And the fire benders always seemed to be called just that
 If you have watched the cartoon then you will hate this movie . they dont stick to anything that the cartoon explained . they mispronounce names and change very important things in the movie . I couldnt get 10 minutes in before turning it off . . this could have been a great movie if they would have put real effort into making it and sticking to what show the movie was based on .
 the dvd had enough scratches on the edge that it did not want to play correctly . it was not in the shape that it was advertised
 all i have to say is that this movie kinda reminds me of dragon ball . they screwed that show up like i have never seen before . i understand why he change some things . this show is nothing like the tv serious . if he was smart he would of done book by book . he change the firebender being limit to how much they could use . why is that i tell you why because he does not know nothing about the show . i heard cause the other benders are limit to when they can use there bending . thats not true cause airbenders can use it any where . so can waterbenders but there are some places they could not `` one place thati know '' . the only ones were earthbenders there bending anywhere . dont waste your time if you seen the show .
 Verdict
 Terrible screenplay , poorly directed , questionable casting . This movie has absolutely noredeeming qualities . Another poor excuse for 3D in the theaters . The most this movie shouldcommand once it hits the racks is $ 2.99 . And that 's mostly to justify the plastic case you get with every purchase .
 Adapting books , video games , cartoons , ect can be a hughe task and I went into `` The Last Airbender '' with hopes that Hollywood was going to take a very good cartoon and make it a summer blockbuster . After only 10 mins into this movie I was wondering what I was watching . Now in all fairness , if you have never seen the Avatar cartoon series or even just barely , then you could find this film somewhat enjoyable . However , if you are a fan of the series you will wish you never ever watched this film.First of all , it is a suicidal thought to go against a fan base . M. Night Shyamalan did just that . One person commented on pronunciation and he is right on everything he said . The pronunciation should match the cartoon series . This cause a slight iration for my family and me as we watched the movie . I only wished this was the only problem with the movies.Next , I would like to go to the bending `` powers '' of the movie . For the most part , it took several body motions before any bending would happen unlike the cartoon series . Also the firebenders had to have fire present to bend it . In the cartoon series , firebenders created fire from their very hands and feet . Also if you have seen the cartoon series , only a few characters could breathe fire and that would be Uncle Iroh , Firelord Ozai and Azula . You can see all this in book 3 of the cartoon series . Firebenders do not need fire present to bend it . Each element was special in some respect . Aang 's airbending is at its best in areas air flows the greatest , such as the air temple and this was also mention during the cartoon series `` extras '' . Waterbenders had more power during the full moon and this was covered during the movie -LRB- a plus ! -RRB- . Firebenders had more strength during the day and the most when Sozin 's comet would come to the planet . Earthbenders could manipulate anything the had Earth in it and a good example of this is Toph when she started bending metal -LRB- metal bending -RRB- . In my opinion , the bending in the movie did not represent how it was done in the cartoon series and their is no excuse for that . The simple truth of this should be that the Last Airbender demo the greatest `` eyecandy '' for movie goers but that did not happen by a long shot . This makes me wonder if some of the firebenders like Azula would be able to create lightning ? Is her fire going to be blue like it should or is it going to be grey , green , pink ... who knows?Another big problem is the casting and races in the movie . Like 99.9 % if not all the water tribes have dark skin -LRB- unless you consider swamp benders -RRB- but in the movie they are pale ! The fire nation are all pale but in the movie they are darked skin and looks like they live in India . Air nomad Gyatso who was the parent figure of Aang was nothing like he was in the cartoon series . I would have to say the Earthbenders looked okay compared to the cartoon series . Here is another one , Avatar Roku was helping Aang in the `` Spirit World '' in the cartoon series but we only got to see his statue in the Movie and in his place was a dragon helping Aang . I would like to say that I thought it was good that `` The Blue Spirit/Zuko 's alter ego '' was in the movie and he should have been . The greatest problems however was with Aang , Katara and my favorite character Sokka . Sokka acted nothing like `` the meat and sarcasm '' guy he is in the cartoon and Katara never acted overly dramatic like she should . Most of all , can somebody help us find that goofy kid named Aang because we only get some milksop for a hero . I knew this from the start when Aang first spoke to Katara . In the cartoon series he asked her off the bat if she would like to go penguin sledding with him . That moment set the tone for the kid that wanted to be a kid but had to take time and grow up over the series of books . All we got was a down acting bald kid that was a polar opposite of Aang . Heck I wonder if Toph in the next book is going to be a 6ft fat chick with periods of obsessive compulisve disorder ! Uncle Iroh at least talked about tea a little bit . Still he was not funny nor was he fat ! Another major point is the developing love Aang has for Katara but I guess that got airbended away!Now in all fairness , the movie could not have all the details of travel in it that the cartoon series had . How the gang got their waterbending scroll I think was done great and I thought how Aang got captured -LRB- to allow the Blue Spirit to free him -RRB- was done well too . Still where was Suki ? Sokka meets her and gets a kiss from her in the first book -LRB- not on the lips but still ! -RRB- and later is established as his girlfriend . At least Momo was there ! Still we did n't hear him be called Momo until almost the end of the movie when the gang was at the Northern Water Tribe . Also Appa was swimming to the Northen Water Tribe when he flew there ! Strange ?!?! Still I give one star here because I think for the most part , the movie was packaged as of a timeline , pretty well considering the length of book 1 in the cartoon series.All in all , this movie was not even a poor representation of the cartoon series . To me it would be like having geriatric actors playing the parts of Dragon Ball Z characters , Transforming Books playing Autobots and transforming carpet to play Decepticons , or mutated goldfish to be the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles . If you ca n't have decent representation of characters , then you do n't need to make a movie about them !! Now if you never have seen the movie , well you could find better points in the movie . But if you are a true fan of Avatar the Last AirBender , then you would feel ashamed to have watched this movie .
 This wretched butchering of the wonderful source material has been thoroughly analyzed by any number of critics , so I 'll be concise . Many of the shortcomings could be overlooked but for Shyamalan 's inexplicable , inexcusable , unforgivable category error in making this tenebrous and sadly pretentious debacle _ humorless _ . All available thumbs down , with extreme vehemence .
 With all the drop-dead FLOPS this guy -LRB- M.Night -RRB- has made ... It 's truly astounding & baffling , that people STILL ALLOW this man to direct -LRB- or even WRITE -RRB- movies ! He had TWO movies , which were DECENT -LRB- 6th Sense & Signs -RRB- ; however , once you 've seen the 6th Sense -- there 's NO point in watching it ever again ... . and Signs is only good for 2 , maybe 3 viewings . I too was amped after watching the trailers for this movie , because it looked like it would be a great family action flick ... -LRB- but cringed , as soon as I saw M.Night 's name in the credits , hell , you know why ! -RRB- Unlike most though , I was completely unaware of the tv series & waited until AFTER I 'd seen the movie , to rent the 3 TV Seasons -LRB- because of how I felt about the movie , and based on so many saying how great the series was -- figured I 'd rent them & see for myself -RRB- . After viewing all 3 Seasons , I 'm even more disgusted with this Movie -LRB- and I did n't think that was even possible -RRB- ! Nevermind the TERRIBLE script , directing , and fluidity of the movie ... . Nevermind the lack of essential characters , locations , etc. ... This movie is completely & entirely terrible , just based on the atrocious & unbelievable acting by MOST of the main characters ! ... oh , and it 's insanely boring to boot , with maybe 10 minutes of combined `` action '' throughout the entire film -LRB- 12 min . max -RRB- . Even IF they go ahead & make the 2nd & 3rd film adaptations ... and even IF they get someone with TALENT to write & direct those ... the entire Series/Trilogy is now RUINED , because they 're either stuck with the same GOD-AWFUL main cast of actors ... . or ... . they have to get GOOD actors to replace them , thus creating no continuity from the 1st to 2nd & / or 3rd , just as far as characters go . -LRB- I too agree , that the Kyoshi Warriors should 've been included ... perhaps , since they 're Earth Kingdom related , they planned on putting them in the 2nd/Earth Film ... but who knows -RRB- At any rate , even IF the studio decides to go ahead & make the Trilogy and not end it with this one -LRB- as New Line Cinema did with `` The Golden Compass '' when they were n't satisfied w / box-office sales -RRB- ... . and again , even IF M.Night is replaced by someone with ACTUAL TALENT ... . the Trilogy is effectively Ruined . Even IF the rest of the Trilogy is AWESOME ... you still have to either -LRB- painfully -RRB- endure watching the 1st Film ; or be forever lacking the beginning part of the Trilogy & Story . _____ I also agree , this was shortened WAY too much . 1.5 Hrs is just laughable , given the AMPLE EXCESS of material which was there to choose from ... . but even IF they release an `` extended Director 's Cut '' or something ... . come on ... . M.Night is still the Director ... and adding more minutes back to the film , will only make it that much more boring & painful to watch.One would think ... after `` Unbreakable '' -LRB- 1 Star -RRB- , `` The Villiage '' -LRB- 2 Stars -RRB- , `` Lady In the Water '' -LRB- or whatever it was called , 1 Star -RRB- ... and `` The Happening '' -LRB- ZERO Stars -RRB- ... . Hollywood would 've black-listed M.Night , for fear of releasing yet another Pathetic film . But no . Apparently , he wanted the `` hat-trick '' ... and just had to completely ruin an already successful TV Series ... completely ruin a 1st in a Trilogy ... and completely ruin the `` careers '' of nearly every kid-actor in the film ... as NONE of them will probably EVER be able to `` work '' in film again ... due to the horrible acting displayed in the film . -LRB- which is another thing ... surely , M.Night could 've done a few -LRB- hundred -RRB- more `` takes '' of certain scenes , to TRY and get better performances out of many of the cast ... since for whatever reason , he could n't find better actors to begin with !??? Seriously , he 's wasted Hundreds of Reels of Film , not to mention , Millions of Producer & Studio Dollars over the last 10 Years or so ... so why get stingy regarding how many takes & how much film is used now !!?!? -RRB- Pathetic . Terrible . Waste of film . Call it what you will ... it 's all true ... and M.Night should be BANNED from ever being even LOOSELY associated with another film , ever again . No more Writing , Certainly no more Directing ... . heck , this guy should n't even be allowed to go on TOURS of the studio -LRB- you know , bus-tours w / tourists , etc. -RRB- ... . any time this guy even tries to set foot on a Studio 's parking lot , he should be thrown in jail for trespassing ! Enough is Enough Studios ... when will you learn ... what the General Audience has known for YEARS ... this guy has NO Talent , and is the WORST thing to happen to Cinema , in the ENTIRE HISTORY of Cinema !!
 For the love of god get the cartoon series instead . This movie has bad actors , bad cinematography , bad script , bad everything . The three cartoon seasons are a 5 star rating . If you got to see this bad movie do yourself a favor and rent it .
 This movie was so bad I almost walked out . I 'm not a watcher of the original Avatar series , so I went in knowing nothing about the story . I left the theater in the same condition . I do n't know where to start with this one . I could start with the terrible 3D effects , I suppose . Probably the worse 3D I have ever seen . The acting was horrific . The story was incomprehensible . The script was about as bad as it gets . The special effects were very weak . Take all that bad stuff and throw it into a two hour movie . What you get is a very painful movie experience.I just do n't get the whole thing with the `` Benders '' . They are not very impressive at all . It takes a number of Tai-Chi type movements before they can manipulate matter . Unfortunately , it takes way too many moves to do anything , which should make them easy to kill . No problem though , in this movie the enemies just stand by an wait for them to finish , before attacking.I would like to talk about the plot , but I still have n't figured it out , and I do n't care if I ever do . Something about the Fire Nation wanting to control everything . You have a bad acting exiled Fire Nation prince who wants to capture the last Airbender . Sometimes he is friend and sometimes he is foe . One second he 's trying to capture the Airbender , the next second he 's helping him , and then fighting him . Who knows . The Airebender is this un-impressive kid traveling around with some other young bad actors trying to get somewhere . I think my mind has blacked out the rest of the story . Maybe under hypnosis I could remember .
 Watch the show and you 'll know just how awful of a job M. Knight did to this movie , there was so much potential for a movie . Ugh and the names he used ! I do n't want to hear he based it off the Asian version names , the fact of the matter is it 's an AMERICAN anime and he should have used the appropriate names heard in the show ! I will never allow my eyes to witness this movie again , and very unlikely will ever see an M. Knight movie ever again .
 This is probably the worst movie i have seen for the year 2010 . I do n't know how but they butchered Avatar the last air bender . I would rather watch the cartoon version on a big screen or made into a movie than watch this junk over again.Pros : noneCons : - pronounce the main characters names wrong , how do you even do that ? - the actors themselves suck ... They could n't find better actors for a more Asian movie ?? maybe some Asians , Indians , something a bit more believable.-the special effects are LAME !!! omg ... those were the worse special effects ever . and on top of it it takes them forever to conjure up anything which makes the movie even more boring !!! They need to learn from Disney cause they know how to make the magic happen . Watch sorcerers apprentice and you will know what I 'm talking about.If they decide to do a sequel , please do n't !!! spare us , I cant take watching this great kids show remade to look like the crap they put on the `` big screen '' Just like transformers 2 this was an utter FAIL for me ...
 I watched this when it became available `` on demand '' to determine if I 'd buy it - needless to say , I wo n't spend the $ $ to purchase this flop . The special effects were good , however , the story did n't follow the series - this came out in 3D - very difficult to watch in 2D , at times , as the picture `` tracked '' across the obvious 3D sequences . All in all , not his best work - and I waited and waited for this to come out !! Aaarrrggghhh !!!
 This movie is the first and still remains the first movie I have ever in my entire life wanted to walk out on . What kept me there ? Was it the awesome acting , kick butt scenes , the developing romance ? NO ! It was my friend who I did n't wan na make leave too only to find out they wanted to walk out as well . The story was horrible and maybe its because I never watched the cartoon or maybe not heck I remember watching Dungeons and Dragons and liked it but never played the game where as the gamers hated it . Take my advice . . just wait for it to come on ABC or some crap .
 Wooden acting , sloppy martial-arts , and effects that had nothing to do with the action . Poorly Cast , badly written ... It is clear that NO ONE involved in the making of this movie ever really watched the cartoon.Don ' t bother with the live action , if you want to see this story done right , go see the cartoon !
 Let 's take a moment to discuss something completely different , but entirely relevant to The Last Airbender . The trend of the new first Neon Genesis Evangelion movie versus the Cowboy Bebop movie . These are anime , which is a style that inspired the Nickelodeon animated show.The Evangelion movie is a retelling of the original show 's first few episodes . It 's supposed to bring a wider audience to the franchise and eventually retell the whole story in a condensed manner . It is supposed to do so through a trilogy of movies . This is pretty much exactly how The Last Airbender is being set up.The Cowboy Bebop movie retells nothing . It is a standalone movie that takes place in continuity between two of the latter episodes of the series.Let 's look at this a little closer . For the Evangelion movie , since they 're retelling the story , what is the incentive for the audience to expand their horizon by watching the original show now ? What do the fans of the show gain by seeing the same stuff , only mutilated to fit the compressed time of a motion picture?Would it not have been better to have followed in the footsteps of Cowboy Bebop , and told an original story that took place somewhere between a couple episodes of the show ? This may have screwed up continuity a bit , but better a tiny bit of fan hatred than almost universal hatred period . Also , what was gained by having a live action adaptation ? Where does that make sense ? What other animated show has successfully been adapted to live action ? The first Ninja Turtles movie is the only one that comes to mind . Why was this not animated ? The art and style of the television show was amazing , the bending of each nation had a specific influence in real , distinct styles of martial arts , and it 's like they just said screw everything about the show except the most superficial stuff that we can make with CG , toss in some bad redesigns , horrible -LRB- but typical of M. Night Shamamalam -RRB- dialogue , and hope for a return on investment . Unacceptable to the fans of the show , unacceptable to the franchise and to the people who put so much effort into the original show , and generally just insulting to the creative process as a whole.And speaking of M. Night Shamuamalm , whose decision was it to give an action movie to a man known for slow-burn , pretentious , narcissistic bad movies that lack humor , emotion , action , realistic actions , reactions and dialogue of people , or color ; all the things the original show has in spades . Who thought this was a match made in heaven ? Do n't let them ever make decisions about movies again . Stop that . Do n't do that.Y ` know , this movie 's going to be somewhere between $ 17 and $ 30 . Your money is better spent on the first season of the original show . It 's far better value for money , in that it is longer -LRB- 20-some shows at 22-ish minutes each -RRB- , it 's far more entertaining , funny , cohesive , imaginative , and involving than this movie could ever hope to be.Here , I 'll make is easy for you : Avatar The Last Airbender - The Complete Book 1 CollectionAnd if you want to go a step further , here 's the collector 's edition : Avatar The Last Airbender
 The moment I walked into the movie theater , I hoped I would be taken into the world of Avatar The Last Airbender . Instead I was brought into a movie with horrible direction , story line and acting . The visual effects were pretty decent but overall ... . Save Your Money On This DVD ! I almost puked when it was done in the movies so I suggest you save yourself from the disappointment .
 As a huge fan of the show , I was beyond excited for this movie . The trailers were great and had me in suspense . Then it all came crashing down like a pyramid of cards . I did n't think it was possible to mess up this movie but somehow the director accomplished it . I mean , the story , characters , setting , and bending are all there . All one had to do was put it together in just the right way and we would have had a blockbuster . But everything that made the TV show so amazing was leeched away , leaving a pale , souless mockery of a great francise.Not everything in the movie was appalling -LRB- although most of it was -RRB- . Dev Patel 's performance as Zuko was great to watch as well as Shaun Toub 's protrayal of Iroh . The lead character Aang -LRB- inexplicably called uung in the movie -RRB- played by noah ringer , also gave a believable performance as a young boy with the weight of the world pushed upon his shoulders . However the personalities of most of the characers was taken away -LRB- again , for reasons god himself only knows -RRB- which made them bland , unfunny , and boring.Basically , if the title of this review did n't send the message , I 'll say it right now . This movie is not worth buying , even if you are a diehard fan of the series . Take the money and by the seasons of the TV show . They are a thousand times better then this disaster .
 As a big fan of the original Avatar
 Avatar
 The Last AirbenderSynopsisA young girl and her brother find a boy and a giant flying bison in a ball of ice in a frozen ocean . Together , they journey to learn how to control the four elements of earth and rescue the world from evil Firebenders.ReviewI suppose that I should let you know that I never watched the anime or read the manga . I found the story kind of bizarre and choppy , though I suppose that if you knew the rough plot , the show may have been more entertaining . Plus the acting was very very cheesy . The child who played Aang was simply terrible and sounded like his was blankly reading lines at every opportunity . It also bothered me that the flying bison -LRB- Appa -RRB- looks an awful lot like a luck dragon . Apparently , this is the first film in a planned trilogy , it certainly feels like they tried to cram too much story into one movie , so it should be interesting to see what the do with the next films ... My RecommendationRent it or wait for it to come out on TV , unless you or your kids are rabid fans of the show . The effects are n't so good that they have to be seen on the big screen ...
 Ugh , ugh , ugh . Why , why , why ?? How could he screw this up so badly ? I really wanted to like this movie . As a huge fan of the series the prospect of a movie was intriguing IF it was done right . M. Night Shyamalan , you have broken this fan 's heart.For those unfamiliar with the Avatar , The Last Airbender series , the story revolves around the idea of a world divided into 4 nations - Air , Water , Earth , Fire , and the war waged by the latter element . Within each of these nations are people with the ability to control their specific element , for example , Water tribe members are able to `` bend '' water , manipulating its form in multiple ways to form anything from walls of ice to projectile waterfalls . The Avatar is special because he or she has the power to control all 4 of these elements , as well as maintain a connection to the spirit world -LRB- because everything from trees to rivers has a spirit -RRB- to keep everything in balance.Problem is , the Avatar disappeared and has been missing for 100 years . During that time , the Fire Nation perpetuated a war . Knowing the next Avatar would be reincarnated into an airbender , the Fire Lord exterminated all of the Air Nomads and invaded smaller colonies of the other nations , leaving many in fear and without the hope of ever being freed from the Fire Nation 's tyranny . The Last Airbender 's story is told 100 years after the disappearance of the last Avatar . Whew , that was a mouth full.So where to begin - do I make comparisons of the movie and the TV show ? Or do I give my opinion of the movie independently of the show . I think I 'm incapable of separating the two so here goes.Fault number one
 This movie is not worth the time and money people spend on it . The acting is terrible , and the effects are only decent . The story is full of holes , and everything was just ughhh . I would never recommend this movie . Ever .
 Many of the reviews have stated exactly what went wrong with this film , so I will not repeat them here , but I will say that everything that I adored in the cartoon series is completely gone from the film , and I mean everything . Yes , I realize that many things had to be left out in order to squeeze an entire season into one movie , however , a few SIMPLE things such as character name pronunciation and accurate character representation would have made the film less painful to watch . As a person who occasionally gets teary-eyed during the more emotional sequences of the cartoon series , I felt absolutely no emotion -LRB- other than anger -RRB- while watching this movie . The actors playing the characters were about as fun to watch as seeing paint dry . I am appalled that a 400-plus minute season of a show could possibly be crammed into a movie that was barely 1 and 1/2 hours . My husband and I were both bored to death while watching this , but we really love the cartoon series , and we are glad that we rented this at Redbox for $ 1.00 , which , as another reviewer stated , is too high a price . The only things that were worth seeing in live action were the costumes -LRB- however inaccurate they were -RRB- , and the sets . Bending was sufficient , but we would have liked to have seen more of it . I would rate this ZERO stars if I could , but the cartoon series is definitely a 5-star in my book .
 Do n't waste your time watching this movie . How can the director change the name of the main character ?!?! The fight scenes are just terrible . I could go on and on as to how terrible this movie is . Overall , this movie should be remake using a martial arts director like Ang Lee.The only positive to this movie , the costumes .
 What a piece of pure garbage ... just watch the cartoon ! It was impossible for this guy to cram a whole season in 1 movie . There are so many subplots left out that you really get confused on what the hell is going on . The movie has horrible actors , a broken story-line & minimal CGI effects . If you see the cartoon , you 'll be a ble to tell how the director rushed this production . Do not waste your time and money on this one folks !!
 I waited until the DVD came out i was n't going to spend theater tickets after hearing how bad it was . It really was bad ! the acting was horrible ! even the bending looked horrible and fake . The background extras did not look natural example a lady sweeping did not even have the broom touching the ground ! This movie had so much wasted potential .
 Every aspect of the books and cartoon series has been changed , distorted and botched in the process . Why M. Knight ever thought that the story needed any help is beyond almost everyone . Not only is the movie another dark and twisted view of a bright story , but every character has been altered so that their purpose is diminished , belittled and wasted . Here is the short list :1 . Aang 's name is mispronounced - yuck ! Sounds like a moan instead of a ring . What is the point of that ? 2 . These kids fight their way across the world - what ! Aang is supposed to bring peace and harmony and opposes violence . Now he is a vengeful monk ! Awful ! 3 . The Fire Nation people have to bring their own fire ? Lame ! Only Uncle Iroh has the magical secret ? Wow , that is so pathetic . If they have to bring fire , what is the point !? We learn in the series that none of them truly need to bring anything , since the world is full of sources . Since the main source of power for the fire benders is the Sun - its always around !! Takes them down to bullies and sadly one-dimensional to carry it around like punks .4 . All the characters act like the parodies from the play the kids saw in the Fire Nation . I am thinking that is the only episode anyone who wrote , acted , or directed the movie even bothered to watch - then copied that bad writing , acting , and directing in the movie .5 . Avatar State - pretty poor effects . And whats with the weird tattoos ? He looks like a punk himself .6 . The fire nation itself had too much of the story . No character development . How did one General become the center of attention ? 7 . All of the Asian influence of the story has been removed , including any humor . There are seldom any martial arts in the movie or any of the philosophies , disciples , or attitudes that come with it .8 . Making the fire benders look like they came from India is really a huge ego ride for the director and a turn down the dark pathways of a twisted storyline .9 . There are already plans to let M. Knight do ANOTHER movie ! I am fatigued and disturbed , just thinking of it.I could go on , but time is short and this movie deserves no praise.Please do not buy it . Do not see it . Do not support it . My friends , nieces and nephews and children were duped into believing that it was going to be great . This movie makes `` Waterworld '' looks like the best epic movie ever made.Nuff said . Be happy and avoid the distortions and dark tendencies of this movie .
 This movie really sucked ! At the end of the movie , I felt like I was slapped in the face by Jon Cena . Then it gets worse , I wasted 3 more bucks on 3D , which was suckish , because no one tried to scare you with a threat for a face injury . This is M. Night Shaylaman 's worst work ! Also , could n't they just call it
 I just saw this today and it was terrible !!!! It was n't the actresses/actors fault because they were great ! It was the bad writing ! M. Night Shaylman did a terrible job ! He butchered Aang 's name and Sokka 's name ! But Katarra 's name and Zuko 's name was pronounced just fine ! Next time Shaylman pronounce the names correctly not just some of them !!!!!!! Oh and they got rid of Sokka 's comic relief !!!! Which made me mad !!!! That was his thing in the cartoon ! That 's what made Sokka well Sokka !!!! And they had Zuko with short hair ! He had a ponytail in season 1 ! He did n't get short hair until season 2 !!!! And they could have made his scar so much better !! All Shalyman cared about was the special effects which were all done quite well ! If you watched the cartoon series you woill be diappointed with this movie ! I can not believe they are letting him make another one !!!! If I was the creator of Avatar and was letting someone make a live action movie out of my cartoon , I would fire him right away !!!!
 we have watched the animation series AVATAR Book 1 again to PURGE out the stupid movie version . if the ratings has zero or even minus ratings ... would have given it a minus ONE or worst . for those who have not watch the animation series yet , PLEASE get the complete series
 I had read many of the terrible reviews before going into this movie , but I still had hope . After watching this film ... I can honestly say that I despise M. Night Shaymalan.I can forgive the changes he made to firebending . I can forgive the horrible voice-over acting . I can even forgive some of the terrible translations of the animated series plot points . But stack those mistakes on top of the rest of the flaws and - by the end of the movie - you just want to fast-forward it out of it 's misery . ** SPOILERS ** I could n't forgive the clumsy fight scenes . Items seem to move too slowly or too quickly , as if the physics of this world was broken . The supposedly powerful firebenders spent most of the movie running like cowards . Then , to add insult to impotence , Aang barely did anything . The firebenders were running from waves and soft breezes . Also , because M. Night had n't ruined the story enough , he decided to change the ending so that Aang defeated the Fire Nation armada with bravado alone . `` Oh no ! He made a big wave . Let 's all run away , '' says the attacking army . Aang did n't take out a single ship.Finally , and most annoyingly , M. Night changed the pronunciation of almost every character 's name . Why ? Because people mispronounced his name as a child . Seriously . -LRB- Do n't believe me ? Here 's the interview
 My little sister and I went to see The Last Airbender when it came out in theaters this summer . We 're both huge fans of the animated series . When I heard that this movie was coming out , I was a little worried , but I decided to have an open mind and ended up being really excited about it.Unfortunately , my original instincts were correct . This is a terrible movie . What 's really awful about it is the complete lack of regard Shyamalan obviously has for Avatar
 I expected more , after seeing the other movies M. Night Shyamalan , I expected a good movie , but this is terrible . The only good thing that movie was the price .
 75 % of this movie is a green screen , it the worst green screen effects I have seen in a large scale movie . The first movies ever made with green screens where done better.I cant understand why these actors are in any movie , they can not even do the one line script . More like a script with a bunch of one word lines , back and forth till you want to push the mute button . I think the director needs to find a new line of work . good idea of a movie , but fails in every way and then some . I going to tell people to buy it just to see how crappy it really is .
 My kids and I love the cartoon and this movie was supposedly based on the cartoon . But if that was the case , WHY would you change the pronunciation of the MAIN characters name ??? It was very confusing to a 5 year old . And that was just the beginning . I know it would be difficult to adapt 3 seasons to the big screen , but I swear whoever wrote this did n't even watch the cartoon.So , in conclusion , if you LOVE the cartoon , you will probably not like the movie . On it 's own , if you have never seen a single cartoon , then you might like it for the action , but that 's about it .
 A friend of mine got tickets to an early free screening . Yet walking out , it still felt like a rip off . Both of us were only moderate fans of the original TV series , but even we were sorely disappointed with how sloppy the movie ended up . Yet , forget the show exists , even on its own the film just fell apart . It was poorly paced . The direction and action scenes were just . . meh . My friend pointed out one of the most annoying things was the movie 's habit of committing that cinematic sin of telling and not showing . There was a painful amount of exposition instead of showing us the characters going through important plot . It 's like someone summarizing the movie for you instead of actually watching it . Is this a movie or a Wikipedia summary of the story ? I was tempted to give it another star because I still believe M Night is a good director despite this awful sidestep . Yet the fact that a director I think is good made a movie this bad deserves bad reviews . Here 's hoping he finds something decent to work on next .
 Avatar
 I own all three of the DVD collection for the cartoon Avatar The Last Airbender , and I absolutely LOVE them . So , I was looking forward to seeing the movie , and even saw it in 3D . I will not get into being ripped off by the 3D , since 3D will not be in issue with this DVD . However , I was COMPLETELY let down by Shyamalan 's adaptation of the cartoon.First of all , all the characters -LRB- except one -RRB- in the movie did not portray the characters in the cartoon well . I honestly believe Dev Patel did a pretty good job with Zuko ; I felt his conflict and anger . Honestly , the whole `` ethnicity '' or `` race '' of the actors did not bother me ; as long as they portrayed the characters well , I would 've been fine with it . However , like I said , in my opinion , they did not ; I was sincerely disappointed with the actors that played Aang , Sokka and Katara.Second , I was most disappointed with the earth benders battle . I understand that they can not make it exactly like the cartoon , fine I get it . However , I was hoping for a lot more excitement and better visual effects ; the scene was really short and pretty slow.Third , I was disappointed with the bending . In the cartoon , it looked a lot more natural and the elements flowed more with the movements - it 's actually quite beautiful when they earth/water/air / fire-bend . Again , I understand that they can not make it exactly like the cartoon . However , I think this element of the cartoon could 've been portrayed a lot better . It seemed like they would do an entire form/dance before anything even moved . In my opinion , the bending did n't flow.Fourth , where were the Kyoshi warriors ? Yes , I understand they can not fit everything into one movie . However , Suki will be really important later.Fifth , the mood of the movie was completely different from the cartoon . But then again , that might have been done through the poor portrayal of the cartoon characters.I could keep going , but I 'll just end it there . In my opinion , forget the movie , and buy the cartoon DVDs.Honestly , I refuse to watch the next movie . I 'll just keep re-watching the cartoon and hoping that there will be a Book 4 !
 Good special effects and an amazing score -LRB- by James Newton Howard -RRB- are the only two things this movie has going for it . When I first saw The Last Airbender , I had not yet seen the show . Though I thought is was okay -LRB- at the time -RRB- , even I could recognize a cramped plot and fumbling dialogue . After watching all three books from Avatar The Last Airbender , however , I realized how severely disappointing the film really was . Some of my personal favorite characters were terribly represented , the writing not half as clever as the cartoon , and even the action sequences were lacking in the movie as compared to the show . Not to mention the terrible casting of the races . Looking back on it , Dev Patel would have been a much better choice to play Water Tribe Sokka than Fire Nation Zuko . Flip those two around -LRB- and their respective races -RRB- and the movie might actually have been decent . Also , if they had given movie Aang and movie Sokka personalities even REMOTELY similar to their animated counterparts , there may have been something worth saving in this film.Once again , however , the only thing that makes this movie even remotely watchable is the score and the special effects . And since the score is beautiful on its own and the effects you can look up on Youtube ... I would avoid this movie if you have seen anything of the cartoon . If you have not seen the show , however , and plan never to do so ... you may enjoy this as a half-way decent kids ' flick .
 This movie is a travesty . It is an insult to the Avatar The Last Airbender TV Series from NickelodeonAvatar The Last Airbender - The Complete Book 1 Collection.Please - please - please . Do not pay money for this . Rent or buy the TV Series . You will not regret it . It is magical . It is a true work of art for adults and kids.This ? This is the worst Hollywood junk . Eeew .
 I wanted to like this movie , I really did . The original animated series is so wonderful - full of fully realized characters and a lush canvas of visuals . The movie was a travesty . It is so far from the original intent of the series that I wonder if M. Night view a single frame of the original . Do yourself a favor and see the original instead . You wo n't be disappointed . The movie is a waste of time and should never have seen the light of day .
 how in the world do you get air bender wrong ? the anime is all ready there for you to copy . what else do u need ?! i was watching the makeup trailer they have on this site , and i feel bad for all the actors and costume designers and everybody body that worked so hard on the movie only to have it pissed on by god knows who . the opening credits does say the m. night wrote , directed and produced it so ... yea . .
 I understand that you can only include so much in a movie adaption of a entire 20 episode season of a cartoon , I understand that you will likely have to accept characters looking different then they do on the show as well.I expect them to get the characters names right . It is very difficult to watch this movie after watching three seasons of the excellent animated series and not be jarred out of the movie every time a name is mis-pronounced . The movie did nothing better then the show , took short cuts that did n't need to be taken and removed any and all humor from it.The first previews for this movie left me hoping for something great something epic . What was presented was something extremely weak and created by someone that had only spent minimal time with the source material and decided that his vision was better then it.Avatar
 Expecting more - disappointed.Positives : The green screen and CGI was OK.Negatives : Typical Hollywood formula for script and dialogue . Comparable to a 3rd grade reader . Not kidding . Very monosyllabic with a 7 syllable per line limit for developing minds.Storyline is stolen from so many fantasy movies it would take pages to list.Characters like flying cute lemur and large fluffy dog creatures add nothing to the story other than the idea being stolen but satisfies the < 7 demographic.Cute human characters that would make good wooden actors and put in to satisfy the > 7 & < 13 demographic .
 Predictable . Boring . Poorly cast with grade school quality acting . Obviously the movie is planned to be the first of a series but I truly hope this is the LAST Airbender .
 The package does not tell you this is the first in the series . You expect the entire saga and get book 1 water instead-very misleading . Special effects were so-so . I expected more views of the avatar state and got watered down version . The gag reel was better than the movie . AANG 's name mispronounced . The persons who did the editing for the movie script obviously did not watch any of the series . Very abridged version .
 The only way I 'd let someone watch this movie is if they had n't even heard of the series . I rented the blu-ray version and just feel disgusted.There is none of the witty banner & the characters are much different than the series . I can understand creative differences but so much of what made the series so entertaining seems to have been lost in the retelling.The effects sadly do n't seem to sync with the moves . I love special effects but the fireballs , rocks & water move so slow ! It was just painful to watch the choreography.I 'd be willing to bed MNS did n't even watch the series before trying to put this movie together . He took a paycheck and did n't care is the my conclusion .
 I do n't ever write reviews , but after seeing this movie I felt compeled to voice my disappointment . I am a big fan of the animated series . In the animated series the characters are funny , serious , and powerful . The movie is the exact opposite characters are very one dimensional and there was no humor in their preformances . Also everything is pronounced differently which is just annoying if you have ever seen the cartoon . This movie felt very forced and awkward . I did n't like anything about it and I will never see a movie directed by M. Night again . This is the worst adaptation I have ever seen .
 The movie was great ! However , I think that it should have been in large bold print that the digital copy is expired ! The whole reason I buy combo sets like this is to get the digital copy . I am very disappointed with this purchase from Amazon because of this .
 I just bought a vizio 3D TV . I 'm not impressed with 3D TV . Paying 50 for a 3D vid . seems absurd ? I wish I could throw money away like that ! Must be nice .
 Crappy plotCrappy dialogueCrappy actingCrappy fight scenesCrappy `` 3D '' . Notice any trends?Don ' t waste any money on this , as they should be paying you to watch it .
 This has to be one of the worst family movies I have ever seen . For sure it is the worst movie based of a comic book movie . Maybe its because I do not appreciate the action , or the story . I have heard from fans of the comic book that it accurately follows the plot of the comics . If true , I will not be reading the comic books . First of , the very concept of people who can , by doing kung fu moves , manipulate the four elements ; earth , fire , air and water , just looks ridiculous on screen . Yes , the Jedi Knights in the Star Wars movies could do similar things , but at least it looked natural there , as if the Jedi is reaching out beyond their bodies to do it . Here , it just looks stupid . And then the casting was way off . There are characters played by Indians that have Chinese names , which was wholly unbelievable . Overall , a bad movie .
 I walked out of the theater . I will give it one star for having a beginning middle and end , and a second only because I walked out on my first attempt to observe it . The second attempt did not swallow any easier.Simply put , if you consider yourself a die hard fan of the series watching this debacle will be painful . m night shyamalan clearly did not enjoy the series as much as i did or he would have killed this movie in mid-production . If you by chance are not a fan or are knew to the series then feel free to enjoy this movie . Actors where capable especially Zukos and Sokka 's , wasnt a fan of Aang -LRB- pronounced with a hard A , not Ong ... really NMS , really ? -RRB- .
 do n't waste your money or time on this poorly condensed and badly strung together version of a collection of great stories . The original series as shown on nickelodeon , while it was a cartoon targeted for younger audiences , had the benefit of engaging stories , and character development . these critical elements are sadly missing from the movie version in their place is poor execution by the actors and fancy special effects that are no substitute for great story telling .
 I give M. Night a ZERO rating - for his zero respect of the storyline created by the originators of this amazing series that I watched with my nieces and nephews , for his zero understanding of the clearly defined characters that he gutted so completely , for wasting $ 150 million on pathetic special effects when amazing tech was available to him . His original material has n't been interesting since his first and only decent film - why give him incredible material to ruin ? Thank goodness I did n't have to pay to see this -LRB- friend 's house -RRB- .
 The plot , acting , script , all of it is awful . It felt like watching a middle school production . One of the worst movies I 've ever seen in my life . Beyond disappointed as a huge fan of the cartoon series .
 Speilberg could 've made this movie incredible but instead we got sorry Shamalamalalalaaalaman to do it . They were doomed from the start . I 'm a big fan of the TV series to the point where I pretty much know the dialogue by heart . To take such a wonderful story , strip away everything good about it in an attempt to sell tickets on 3D effects alone is just disgraceful . It sucked in the theatre but was n't as sucky seeing it a second time online but still horrible . I 'm only giving it two stars because a few things they actually got right
 Being a big fan of the television series , I looked forwards to seeing the movie , even if it was directed by Mr. M.Night Plotholes Shyamalan . I thought , how bad could it be ? Maybe it 's so bad , it 'll be good.Sadly , this is not the case . There is little resemblance between the series and the movie . Most of what was wrong about this movie has been said by others , but the most gaping plot hole that can not be overlooked was that the Fire-benders , the nation that everyone feared and are in danger of dominating the world , need a source for their fire bending . -LRB- Unlike the series , where they can just spontaneously create it . -RRB- Last time I checked , water , air and earth can effectively put out fire . -LRB- Well , maybe air might fan it , but there 's only one air bender . -RRB- So all the other nations had to do was dump water or earth on the source and hey presto ! War is over . -LRB- Merry Christmas . -RRB- Also , the bending took so long to happen , anyone could have easily walked up to the bender , and punched them out.If you can stand watching a movie with characters as dumb their the director , then this movie is for you.I 'll give it two stars , mostly because I enjoyed the laugh I had with my friends about just how bad this movie was .
 The previews/trailers on TV made THE LAST AIRBENDER look great -- and M. Night Shyamalan 's big name and previous work raised my family 's expectations very high.Ten minutes into this film , we agreed that the dialogue was VERY poor . We speculated that it was perhaps a film aimed at ten-year-olds . Fifteen minutes into it , one of us suggested that the script had actually been written BY ten-year-olds . Thereafter , we made a game of watching it
 My brother convinced me to watch the cartoon this summer and I loved it . The TV show is pretty perfect ; story , character , intrigue , complexity , it 's all there . We have a friend who took us to see the movie and even though we did n't pay a cent , by the end we were contemplating hunting down M. Knight and demanding a refund for all of the American peoples . Not only were there unnecessary cuts , as other reviewers have elaborated on , there were really stupid and unnecessary changes from the story all the way down to name pronunciations . And what 's really tragic , those cuts and changes did n't make the story new or more accessible to new viewers , they sucked the life out of an amazing show . Really , this movie is an empty corpse of the truly innovative and entertaining show.Don ' t buy the movie .
 do n't waste your money or time on this poorly condensed and badly strung together version of a collection of great stories . The original series as shown on nickelodeon , while it was a cartoon targeted for younger audiences , had the benefit of engaging stories , and character development . these critical elements are sadly missing from the movie version in their place is poor execution by the actors and fancy special effects that are no substitute for great story telling .
 Many of the people who rated this movie favorably said they had never seen the TV series . I think what they should have said was that they had never seen a movie before . The Last Airbender , even if it was not the live adaptation of an animated series , would still be a horrible movie . The acting was forced with most of the characters , a far cry from the dynamic and believable voice cast of the show . The fights were poorly choreographed and unexciting , unlike the show , with it 's tight , fast , authentic choreography . The bending was ridiculously slow and really made no sense , as a bender would be inferior to the average soldier who could easily dice him up while he 's doing his prerequisite `` katas '' before bending . The bending in the show was fast and powerful . It did n't take a crowd of earthbenders to summon up a small boulder , like it did in the movie . The story of the movie is rushed and incoherent . Obviously Shyamalan did n't believe in this project enough to retain the depth it needed . Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings both consist of very long movies -LRB- the latest Harry Potter is even in two parts -RRB- , and both have been sucessful . I can not fathom any reasons other than apathy or budget crunching that Shymalan thought he needed a short movie . There was no aspect of this movie that redeems it , not even the special effects , which are now standard fare in any movie with even an average budget .
 Let 's keep this kind of short . The movie was horrible . If you watched the series then watched the movie , you would have hated the film . If you did not watch the series and just watched the film ... you would have been completely lost and STILL would have hated the film . The film was badly written and had very bad acting -- I 'm sorry to say since I liked some of the actors in it . They supposedly spent all the money on special effects ... could have fooled me.This was my last hope for a decent M. Night Shyamalan movie and it failed ... miserably . I do n't even think kids liked it very much . Complete FAIL .
 This movie is absolutely aweful . If you want a more detailed review of why , there are plenty of good ones out there . And I support those reviews .
 It is a typical fantasy film , kind of a fairy tale , with very simple and predicatable plot . At the end of the movie the stage is set for a sequel and it is amazingly obvious what will happen in the sequel , down to the details , based on the simplicity of the plot of the movie.The movie is reasonably entertaining for adults and suitable for kids . There is a fair amount of action but mostly non-violent -LRB- or does not appear to be violent -RRB- . The computer graphics and visuals are very nice . It could be a decent film to watch in 2D . However , 3D is possibly the worse from all 3D films released so far . The image is astonishingly flat , and computer graphics takes absolutely no advantage of 3D possibilities . Do n't waste your money on the 3D version.By the way , on one of the web site this movie got multiple `` awards '' - the worst film of the year and the worst 3D of the year . Not sure about the first one , but the second one is well deserved .
 This movie could have been so great ! The animated series was flawless . I experienced emotions with this series in the same way I had with live action movies . I did not think that was possible . The acting in this movie is so hollow . Maybe 2 actors in this movie had depth but that was only at times , not completely throughout the movie . Also , being a mega fan of the animated series , this movie left out so much ! I know that since I am a big fan , I think that every part is important , but when you turn an animated series into a live action movie that has such a cult following , you have to stay as true to the original as possible . I had waited for this movie and wanted it far more than I wanted James Cameron 's version of Avatar , but this was such a big let down . I expected so much more ! I would have preferred Tim Burton take on this movie than M. Night . His track record since The Sixth Sense has been so horrible to say the least . The animated series has so much depth and the live action has nothing . Even the way they bended made me laugh out loud . I can not express how much this movie could have delivered . And to think he said that he 'll almost definitely make a sequel . How dare .
 ** 1/2Based on the Nickelodeon series `` Avatar
 First of all , I realize that several people have already contributed reviews that pretty much say all that needs to be said , but I feel the need to attempt to communicate my own impressions of this film.I do realize that there are two ways to look at this movie
 Disappointing!The movie promises sooo much when one reads about the movie , when one sees the preview BUT watching the whole movie I was very disappointed - Lots of effects but that is it - it is a movie one watches BUT will not watch again ... not worth buying , not worth keeping ! if one wants to see it ONLY AS A RENTAL !!! Therefore VERY DISAPPOINTING .
 My family is a major fan of the cartoon series - it has humor , great character development , developing story lines and people care about the characters and what will happen to them . I admin my family raved for months waiting for this movie to come out - and to say we were disappointed in what M. Night Shyamalan did with this movie would be an understatement . My oldest daughter got mad and walked out of the movie , my 8 year old kept asking questions like `` why do they keep mispronouncing their names '' and `` I 'm bored Daddy '' . My middle daughter kept saying `` this sucks '' . I just dont know what he was thinking - I went so far as to read up on the posts to see what he was thinking - and he said that he wanted people to take this movie seriously so he cut out alot of the humor - and he cut out Sokka 's girlfriend and the Kyoshi warriors - even though they were filmed in the original movie . They even considered cutting Mo Mo - Aang 's flying monkey out of the movie because `` he didnt bring any value '' . Decisions like cutting the meeting of the Kyoshi Warriors was piviotal to the series . It was the first time we got to see that Aang was more than a silly kid but a true Avatar when Aang had to make a decision to take the battle away from the village or people would get hurt , it was the firs time that Katara realized that Aang was not only a powerful avatar but still a child when she had to rescue him , it was the first time that Sooka realized that the feministic view he had of woman from growing up - could be wrong when he was defeated by the Kioshi Warriors and had to suck it up and ask to be trained by them and it was the first time we really saw Zuko as a threat as he attacked the village . These were all pivotal to the character development of the main characters including the growing relationship between Sooka and Suki.Summary : - All the humor was removed - Character development was removed - Asian nature of the movie was removed - even the Wise old uncle was changed to a younger european character - Katara as a strong female fighter struggling in a mans world was removed - Sooka 's love relationship with Soki was removed - Some of the special effects were great - To some it seems as if the director did not take time to watch the episodes , or at least did not care enough about them , and did not make the movie similar to the original television series as he left out essential fight scences -LRB- eg . Fight between Katara and master Paku -RRB- and did not get crucial details right and left out one of the most important of all , Sokka 's sarcasm . - The final scene with the water tribe was rewritten from the original - First day box office sales were over $ 40 million - the second week dropped to a staggering $ 17 million and lower after that due to word of mouth and reviews from critics . - The script writing was very poor - leaving key elements of the story left to a film full of narratives that pulled the viewers through the movie . - Roger Ebert gave it half a star saying the movie `` Bored and alienated its audiences '' and noted the extremely poor use of 3D - Average score online for the movie was 2.8 / 10 based on 161 reviews of the movieDo yourself a favor and watch the Cartoon Series - its a five star must have purchase compared to this movie 's zero star.Before buying this movie , rent it . Those who have seen and are fans the Nick Cartoon Series will be extremely upset and those who have not - may find the movie tolerable , good special effects but ultimately will find it dull.Its truly a pitty too - as the live action version of the Nick Series could have been one of the greatest movie series since Star Wars - but M. Night Shyamalan did n't even watch the cartoon series or listen to what fans thought made the original so great before writing the movie . Shyamalan argued that his style and art-form of storytelling resulted in the negative reviews of the film and compared it to asking a painter to change to a different style , `` I bring as much integrity to the table as humanly possible . It must be a language thing , in terms of a particular accent , a storytelling accent . I can only see it this certain way and I do n't know how to think in another language . I think these are exactly the visions that are in my head , so I do n't know how to adjust it without being me . `` I just pray that he watches the cartoon series before royally messing up chapter two of the story . Toph as a blind tough girl , Princess Azula 's relationship with her brother Zuko , Azula 's friends Mai and Ty Lee and King Bumi may all get the axe knowing Shyamalan . Azula 's friends betraying here are key to Azula going mad but I 'm betting he will cut them - like he did Suki from the first movie .
 I 'm a big fan of M. Night Shyamalan but The Last Airbender has ZERO elements of his style or creativity and the movie suffers for it . I like his method of film making even though many of his movies are far from perfect in many ways . I have never paid any attention to the Avatar cartoon though I have seen it with my kids . I thought the news that M. Night would be directing The Last Airbender was a stretch for him as this would be his first family oriented film . The movie has elements of Sci-Fi , which M. Night is well versed at , but this is targeted to a completely different audience than any of his previous releases . He seems to have trouble with the transition to making this a family movie . Rather than making the movie his , he went ultra conservative by his standards and made the movie an ultra generic action flick with cool graphics . While this is a rated PG movie , it reminds me of one rated G . The movie barely takes the tone of a rated PG child 's film and this really holds back the storyline in a negative way . Every aspect of the storyline is simplified to it 's basic literal meaning that no thought is needed . There is no element of surprise or room for interpretation which is the complete opposite of M. Night 's style of film making . I 'm not a fan of movies spoon feeding the audience . This is unacceptable coming from one of the new film making masters of suspense . Maybe M. Night was under the gun from Nickelodeon to make this movie a certain way which hindered his creative ideas . May he was just in unfamiliar territory by making , in reality , a kids movie . Whatever the case , M. Night failed to deliver and reach his capabilities.Edit
 This is a movie that might be fun to watch if you have nothing to do , live near a movie theater , and need a little special effects-style action . But if you are looking for a movie with relatable , developing characters , comprehensible plot , or decent 3-D effects , I would strongly suggest seeing another movie.The Good : - The special effects are pretty well done , especially the little details in the ladscapes.-There is decent action.The Bad : - The 3-D is terrible ! During the previews before the movie started , things flew right off the screen and into your face . However , when this movie started anything that popped out only came about two inches off the screen . Through most of the movie I could take my glasses off and tell no difference . -LRB- Which I did . -RRB- Do not see this movie in 3-D . It costs more and just gets in the way.-The characters have practically no personality traits . I think throughout the whole movie only two characters have even one noticable trait that can seperate them from the other characters.Also , there is no character development . For example -LRB- spoilers -RRB- two characters see each other in one scene and talk for a minute and a half in another . Then the narrator says `` they are in love '' . Then , when the girl dies , the audience is supposed to feel a deep sorrow for the boy who lost his love . But we did n't SEE them fall in love , did we ? That makes it harder to connect with them.-The acting is hollow and there is no real emotion . Also , it is very easy to tell when the actors were performing in front of a blue screen , because they make forced reactions and seem to not really know what is is they are reacting to.-The plot is incredibly complicated . Although the characters -LRB- quite annoyingly -RRB- repeat plot points several times , they are adding nothing to the fact that nobody can understand what they are saying in the first place . I did n't understand what was going on until halfway into the movie.-There is almost no humor . The movie takes itself WAY too seriously . The landscapes are so bleak and the mood is so solemn that they suck the life out of the movie . Also , the humor from the cartoon is almost entirely gone.Overall , this is a very flawed movie with only a couple good qualities . I do not recommend seeing this movie but , if you do , do n't expect much and please , please do n't pay extra to see it in 3-D .
 The Nickelodeon cartoon series was absolutely amazing . The story principal was well thought out and the characters were people you really cared about , that faced problems and overcame them , becoming stronger.The movie based on those stories is a HUGE disappointment . It failed to capture the essence of the characters and took maybe three or four points along the first season 's story line and tried to cram it into one story . The dialog has to work overtime to make up for not showing what happened , and is therefore weak and repetitive . There is barely enough time to understand the journey that the characters are going to take , and then it 's over.The special feature interview with the creators of the cartoon is the only thing worth watching on the dvd .
 total trash . nothing like the TV show . salkdj asdk jfsdk h lksdlfkd j flksdlk lj jfsdskf ij lij aslkfse jlj flkjdhf i hfjshflkjh f kjf kjh kjhhf iu eui uhhd wn sd iuenfnv sdjfn s efjnfduhas nsdkj fd kjsb kjshdf wkjh sdkuh ewkhujf jsdfiushff kjh fshfsisu kjh hflsku faskjfas akuh alkjhf asi ulkj hfifrlksdf iu !!!!!!!!!!!! THAT IS HOW BAD IT WAS !!!! AND HOW MUCH SENSE IT MADE COMPARED TO THE SHOW . even as a movie it fails , the acting was awful .
 The writing was awful , the acting was terrible , and the plot was horrifically rushed . An absolute travesty of film and a waste of braincells .
 Okay , when I first saw this I had never seen a single episode of the TV show , I had heard about it yes , but never seen it . We were bored and had nothing else to do so we rented this movie and watched it on the recommendation of a friend . O my GOSH what an awful movie , as someone who never saw the TV series I was n't disappointed by the COMPLETE AND UTTER LACK OF STAYING TRUE TO THE ORIGINAL STORY , but the whole thing was stupid . Instead of some quick `` bending '' action almost every single fight seen was put into slow motion , okay , a little is fine , 95 % of it , no it was very boring . The dialog was awful , it does n't matter that the actors where/are mostly kids , kids can act if they know how and are given proper DIRECTION , but whoever wrote this was just , oh I do n't know , they sent their brain on vacation for that time . It was pathetic , something that should have been dramatic and emotional just made you want to laugh . The story did n't even make sense , instead of feeling for these people who are really in dire situations you are just left trying to figure out what is going on.Now , I did say that there is ONE good thing about this movie and that is that it got me interested in seeing the TV series , and boy , what an AWESOME series !!! It has everything
 If this is the only 3d movie you have to watch on your new 3d tv , you will be very disappointed . Nothing jumped out of the screen and I thought something was wrong with my set up . . I would not recommend this movie in 3d or 2d . I ca n't believe the movie studios are dragging their feet on releasing better 3d movies in time for the busiest retail season of the year . . Why are they taking so long to put out 3d blu ray movies . This is going to hurt the sale of the 3d tv 's for the Christmas season if there is only a limited selection of movies to watch . .
 This was hands down one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . I watched it based on several optimistic , yet questionable reviews giving it more than the benefit of the doubt . Shama-ding-dong started with a bang releasing noteworthy and at the very least appreciable movies such as The Sixth Sense , Unbreakable , Signs , and The Village . However , he has undoubtedly continued his steady decline with the release of this movie based on a life-changing series which provided everything anyone could ever need to put together a masterpiece trilogy.The Last Airbender could not have been cast more poorly . The dialogue seems to be a series of random lines and implied themes from the series plucked , scrambled , and stripped of emotion . Attempting to follow it is flattering to neither fan nor stranger to the series . For the sake of the show , I hope this movie is never seen again and the second and third installments disappear into the void of epic fail.The action scenes are inaccurate to the proposed methodology to the martial arts attached to them and the only positive hope I have for this movie is for it to inspire a competent director with a basic ability to adapt and adopt to recognize this gold mine of potential for what it is and create a trilogy to do Avatar justice .
 All i can say is that if i could have given this movie zero stars i would have . HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT ! Any fans of the tv series should feel the same . I pray that they do n't decide to do books 2 and 3 . jeez , it hurts just to think about how suckish this movie was .
 I 'd like to make it clear that I am NOT a fan of the cartoon series . I need to say that right off the bat so that people ca n't accuse me of being a disgruntled fangirl/boy . ;-RRB- Now that that 's out of the way ... The Last Airbender is about the titular Aang , who - in addition to being the last airbender - is also the Avatar , capable of manipulating the four elements -LRB- earth , air , fire , and water -RRB- . Aang is on a journey to free the rest of the world from the grip of the oppressive Fire Nation . On the way , he is joined by pals Katara -LRB- a waterbender -RRB- and Katara 's brother , Sokka . Meanwhile , the exiled Fire Nation prince Zuko is out to capture Aang in an attempt to get back in his father 's good graces.All of the critics blasting this movie are spot on . Everything about The Last Airbender is dreadful . The costumes - Aang 's especially - look like something you 'd wear on Halloween . The dialogue is stilted beyond belief , and the amateurish acting -LRB- especially from Nicola , Noah , and Jackson -RRB- does n't help . I do n't know whether I should blame the actors themselves for that , or M. Night Shyamalan for doing a lousy job of directing them . After all , Nicola and Noah are just kids and have n't had a lot of experience yet . I 'm not as willing to give a pass to Jackson , as I 've seen him in the Twilight movies and he 's just as bad in those . Someone needs to tell him that looking constipated is not a valid acting choice.The movie is narrated by Katara , which gets tiresome very quickly . Shyamalan uses narration as a cheap substitute for any sort of character development whatsoever . For example , when Aang and crew arrive at the Northern Watern Tribe , Sokka makes eyes with Yue , the Water Tribe princess . Katara 's voiceover then says something like , `` Sokka and Yue became fast friends , '' and then - BAM ! - the next scene is of Sokka and Yue strolling along all buddy-buddy . We do n't get to actually SEE Sokka and Yue becoming friends , we just have to take Katara 's word for it . That 's not good writing . I realize that Shyamalan was in a tricky spot , because he had to compress an entire season into one two-hour movie . Still ... would it have hurt him to expend a bit more effort so that the storyline did n't seem as rushed and sloppy as it ended up being?What upsets me the most however is n't how much the movie sucks from a technical and/or acting perspective , but how it is a modern emblem of Hollywood 's systematic racism and bias . The series was steeped in Asian and Inuit culture and as far as I could tell , there were hardly any white people in the cartoon , at least not in any substantial roles * . So what was up with the three white kids - yes , I know that it has very recently come out that Noah actually has American Indian heritage , but Paramount was certainly treating him as white in the past - being cast as the heroes ? Katara and Sokka were the two darkest-skinned characters in the show , so how on earth does it make sense that they are the palest people in the movie ? Whereas the villain Zuko is actually very pale in the cartoon and yet in the movie he 's been made unambiguously brown . So basically this whole movie is about the good white saviors fighting against the evil brown people who want to oppress us all . AWESOME.Defenders like to say that casting white actors is okay , because Avatar does n't take place in the real world . `` There is no Asia , '' they say . And technically , that 's correct . However , when everything else about this fantasy world - the settings , the clothes , the buildings , the writing , etc. - takes its cues from Asian and Inuit culture , then it serves to follow that the people would follow suit . Why is it that white is considered the default just because no race is explicitly mentioned ? How messed up is that?Re
 Movie adaptions are n't meant to be detail accurate , they 're meant to be thematically accurate . That is , they distill the essence of something -LRB- a book , tv series -RRB- and then use that essence as the base for the movie . The story can be different , so can the characters , and even the setting ... but if the essence is the same , it will make a good movie adaption . Heck , it 'll make a good movie ! -LRB- This is why the Lord of the Rings movies , which took a great deal of liberties from the source material , did so well . -RRB- The problem with The Last Airbender is it managed to be , not JUST a bad adaptation , but also a bad movie . The script was sloppy and stiff , the acting was terrible , the editing seemed non-existent , and the fighting was just ... . I still do n't know how they managed to make that boring since it 's essentially martial arts . But they did.The only reason it 's getting two stars from me was because I thought the costumes , sets , and special affects were well done.I would n't mind another film or two from the Airbender series ... but they desperately need to get a new director and probably a new screen writer . Possibly a new editor . : - /
 Do n't bother watching this movie . You will waste precious time from your life . Shamalan totally ruined this and he should be ashamed of himself for directing such crap .
 you should just watch the avatar the last Airbender cartoons . the story is just absolutely amazing and you get emotionally invested in the show . just do n't watch the movie . this movie is horrible .
 So , my sister and I have been in love with Avatar since its ' premiere back in 2005 . When I went to see the thirz Ice Age movie in theatres , they showed a teaser for the Last Airbender . My sis and I eagerly awaited summer od 2010 to see it . Now I invited my best friend , Grace to see it with me , since she was also an Avatar fan . But she had told me it had gotten bad reviews , so we saw New Moon instead . So monthes go by and on a dreary November day , my sis and I order it from OnDemand . We watched it . When it finished , we sat there speechless . she sid two words
 This is the worst movie ever ! It had so much potential and then M.N.S. came along and ruined it all . I feel that the creators of the cartoon series were the obvious choice for directing and writing the script . If I were them I would be super angry at M.N.S. for destroying this wonderful story , and at Nickelodeon for okaying this crap .
 Shyamalan has completely killed , mutilated and dismembered this movie and franchise ! Airbender has an awesome story line , and as some have pointed , at times is jokingly funny , this movie is neither ! The best movie Shyamalan directed was The Six Sense , with Bruce Willis , all his movies have been going down hill ever since . How may more bad movies does this guy have to Direct and Produce before somebody puts a stop to this ? The reason this movie deserves Zero Stars : Cons : - Rushed Storyline -LRB- entire movie felt crammed and rushed -RRB- - Horrible Acting -LRB- not even the special effects could camoflage that -RRB- - Bad Choice of Actors -LRB- none were believable playing their rolls -RRB- - Bad Choice of Director -LRB- Shyamalan -RRB- - And the list goes on ... and on ... and on ... Pros : - The title of the movie ; thats about it .
 This movie is evidence that God exists and he is upset with us . It is a crime against the sighted and hearing communities . In a nutshell , it is bad . Like , a violation of human rights bad.There was a T.V. show upon which this is loosely -LRB- and I mean loosely -RRB- based and they screwed up just about everything they could think to screw up.In all fairness to the movie makers , this was a doomed project to begin with . The T.V. show had a very tight narrative , with each episode contributing something to the plot . So to try to trim a whole season down to about 90 minutes is going to leave a lot on the cutting room floor . But even that is no excuse for what was turned out.The movie is a mess , the show had a very Asian inspired fantasy world , drawing on many different cultures . But to watch the movie you 'd think all the heroes were white and the villains Indian . All the names they could have mis-pronounced they did , all the details they could get wrong , they did . Really this movie was seemingly designed to bother fans of the show.Beyond that , it relies heavily on narration to provide info to the audience , it is weak in character development , and plot . And basically it just sucks on every level a movie could . Its the kind of movie that makes you pray for a blackout.So , in conclusion , I did n't like it .
 This movie is not looks like a 3D movies , and they charges too much money for this movie , I really hate to see this movie in 3D , because even you watch this movie in 3D , you do n't feel like you watch in 3D . The Last Airbender 3D -LRB- Blu-ray 3D Blu-ray -RRB-
 This movie is horrible and offensive to boot . The animation series is one of my favorite stories ever with beautiful animation . I curled up on the couch with this movie excited to geek out to the story . The first few scenes of the movie I was just shocked at how awful the acting is . This is insignificant next to the blatant racism of this production . The `` bad guys '' are cast as middle eastern , playing into the most cliche hollywood stereotypes of the day . The animation series does n't play into these simplistic cliches . Rather , it creates a world where many different viewers can be represented and explore the narrative of transformation and social change .
 There have been plenty of bad movies throughout film making . Some of them because of bad directing , some because of bad acting , some just because there was n't enough money in the budget . But this movie really does take the cake for all time worst movie ever . M. Night Shamaladingdong made one good movie like a decade ago , and now it 's like he 's allowed to make flop after flop with no consequences . Why is he still able to make movies ? They should take away his directors license or something ... but I digress . Even with a millions of dollars , M. Night was able to turn one of the best shows of all time into an awful movie . If the 3D was n't bad enough , only a few minor scenes actually using it properly , you had to see it throughout the entire movie . Every non action scene just looked hazy , as if the movie were somebody 's dream . Next you have the actors . Horrible acting all around , with maybe the exception for the guy playing Iroh . Even that was n't too great because of how they changed all the characters . Dev Patel as Zuko was n't awful , but again he was n't given a fair chance by M. Night . The kid playing Aang was depressing , even when he was n't supposed to be sad it looked like he had been crying for minutes prior to each scene . Sokka and Katara were awful as well . The guy playing Sokka at least looked like Sokka , I give him that , but his acting just was n't very good and besides his appearance not one thing reminded me of Sokka . The girl playing Katara looked like she was 5 years old and certainly could n't convey whatever M. Night was trying to do , let alone the character from the TV show . Next , I do n't knows whose idea it was to change all the name pronunciations , but that person is a doomass . If trying to deal with the triple threat of awfulness that was the actors ' acting , eye-gauging 3D , and awful dialogue -LRB- name mispronunciations included -RRB- the plot was nonexistent . Give a good director a lot of money an entire season of a show full with 20 episodes and try to put it into a 2 hour movie , you might get and okay picture . But M. Night went above and beyond in destroying a beautiful story . Here 's a rundown of the movie . Sokka and Katara meet Aang , then start to journey to the North Pole . They stop at a couple of unknown places so Aang can use his lame version of Airbending to defeat a small group of Firebenders . This happens basically until they get to the North Pole , there is a scene where Aang gets captured and Zuko saves him as the Blue Spirit . Once at the North Pole to battle begins and Aang eventually saves the day . The last battle a scenes that go with it is probably the most accurate part of the movie , but still ... not very accurate at all . Now let me , a huge fan of the show with wide knowledge of it , let you in on a couple of things . 90 % of episodes from the first season are skipped . If you were confused while watching this movie you were rightfully so . Some of the scenes from the show were combined into 1 location to save time , not really sure why the movie was only and hour and half long . I 'm not going to go into detail explaining everything that is wrong with this film , it will take too long , and if you have n't seen the show but have seen the film you will be confused even further . What I will say is that even if I had never seen the show and was naive enough to be impressed by the lackluster fight scenes in the movie , I will still probably think this movie show get a 2/5 stars at max . An one final thing for fans of the show ; did anyone else notice that firebenders could n't bend without some source of fire -LRB- with the exception of Iroh -RRB- and at the end of the film the fact the Iroh could do , what every could do in the cartoon , was somehow going to be a sub plot for a sequel ? In conclusion , worst movie ever . I highly recommend you do not waste your time or money watching this . Any dollar going towards this movie makes M. Night Douchebag one step closer to making a sequel , which I pray will not happen . But I do recommend you watch the Nickelodeon animated series `` Avatar
 This is a horrible rendition of the series . I was hoping for some redeeming quality , but the whole thing just fell flat . Stiff acting , bad casting , and storyline changes from the original , endearing , story just made this a waste of my time and money to see . I sincerely hope that anyone who appreciated the series even just a little does not expect a whole lot from this movie except pretty scenery .
 M. Night Shyamalan ... Why ... WHY ?! When I first heard about an Avatar The Last Airbender movie I thought it could be pretty good . It was the only show I watched on nickelodeon , the series was pretty good in my opinion . Then I remember hearing about it being done by M. Night Shyamalan and I knew , I KNEW , it would then turn into a `` I MIGHT rent it '' movie , if that . Sure enough it hit theaters and I remember seeing the ratings were abysmal , like 5-7 % ratings . I saw it being offered on amazon 's video on demand for $ 2 so I thought , sure why not . Garbage ... utter garbage . I stopped the movie at 18 minutes in , I literally ca n't watch another minute of it . In my head I just keep hearing `` Shyaaaamaalaaaaann '' ... Every movie he directs , produces , or writes turn into complete crap with each movie he releases turning out worse and worse . And now this movie ... I 'm actually a fan of the Avatar The Last Airbender series and I ca n't watch it , the money put into this movie was wasted , WASTED ! The money could have been put to better use , like being burned . Yes , the money spent on this movie would have been better off for every one if it was just burned . How could they allow Shyamalan to continue being in the movie business , its almost frightening .
 My entire family -LRB- husband , daughters ages 13 and 5 , and me -RRB- all love the Avatar
 The cartoon was one of our favorite shows and had humor , nuance , personality , cleverness , interesting themes , good pacing , and clever plot twists . The movie has none of that . Huge disappointment .
 The Anime gave you amazing character buildup and it was a show adults could enjoy . This movie belongs in Mystery Science Theatre 3000 . We need a REAL director to step in and re-do this movie . M. Night Shymalan should be ashamed.We need Guillermo Del Torro and Peter Jackson to come in and save this.For Now STICK TO THE ANIME ONLY !!!
 M. Knight Shyamalan -LRB- or however you spell it , I do n't even care if I got it wrong , that 's how much I DO N'T respect his work -RRB- has got to be the WORST director ever to be allowed to foist his crap onto the public . I know , people think his movies are so great , blah blah blah . I 've even seen him compared to Alfred Hitchcock ... which is practically blasphemous ! Hitchcock was a master , Shyamalama-ding-dong is a hack , pure and simple . I do n't even pretend to understand the workings of the film industry , but I ca n't for the life of me understand why anyone would fund him and allow him to continue to make movies.I mean , this was a wonderful animated series , and he managed to screw it up and make a movie that was totally boring and lame . Okay , granted , it 's surely not all his fault . The script is pretty bad , and whoever cast it should be taken out and shot by firing squad !! But there 's no energy , no spark , no heart , no anything in the characters , and the actors seem almost embarrassed to be speaking their lines.I understand this was made for kids , but kids these days are smart and sophisticated , and do n't want to be condescended to . Especially if they 're loyal fans of the TV show . It 's a slap in the face that a movie made from a beloved show sucks so bad you ca n't even finish watching it!But , I 'm not a kid , I 'm an adult . And yes , I really enjoyed the TV show . It was smart and funny and sweet and heartwarming . It had everything a good show should have . But the movie failed miserably and did not live up to the show . Which is sad.They should have gotten Joss Whedon to direct it . That would have been awesome!I read many of the bad reviews for this movie , and thought , yeah , they 're probably right , I mean , look who directed it ! And yes , they are right . I also read many of the good reviews , just to get both `` sides '' . But , I have to agree with the bad ones ... it does sucks , and badly ! I ca n't recommend it . In fact , I could n't even finish watching it , it was so excruciatingly awful!Hey , Mr. Shyaamalalalama ... there 's a taxi cab in a big city with your name on it !!!!!!!!!!! Please , do us all a favor and STOP making movies !!
 my friend introduced me to the show and i loved the show so i watched the movie the movie was terrible !!! there was no sense of humor and characters did n't act like they did in the show and Zuko `` scar '' was barely noticable !
 m night shaymalan i believe has official made the most lame lackluster boreing slow and just worst movies i have ever seen . i am a fan of the original show , i wached that show almost religiusly with my friends so you can only amagine our exitement when we saw a preview for a live action film of avatar the last airbender . when i went to see this movie i was beyond exited then ewen i actuly saw it i fell asleep about a quarter of the way thrue but i wached it agin for this review . i have just nothing to say that is good about this film if u can call it that . i tried to look at it from the perspective of somone who didnt even wach the cartoon and it was still just god awful its nothing but exposition and ver very very poor affects . just stay away from this movie if u want to get into the sieres check out the cartoon it is an amazing sieres , u prob ; y wouldnt believe me if u saw this movie but please giv itchance cus this movie dosnt even compare to the animated sieres .
 Its really sad that this movie turned out as bad as it did , Avatar the last airbender would have been an AWESOME movie , but somehow . This movie turned out HORRIBLE , and I just can not understand , why did they make it so terrible ? I just dont understand
 As an avid fan of the original series , I 've got ta say , this movie sucked . I do n't understand how it got so screwed up . Yes , it 's one movie having to cover an entire season . I understand that . But when you have visual confirmation of what everyone should look like , as well as sound check for all the pronunciations , how do you screw up so much ? Look , the water tribes have brown skin . Firebenders are East Asian . I 'm not racist , I just understand the creators ' intentions .
 If you have n't seen the cartoon series you will surely be disgusted with this movie . The pacing is all over the place , the minute you think ok this might turn out good and in a blink of an eye you 're off to another plot point . wait sorry this movie has no defined plot . Now if you are one of the avid fans of the cartoon series then yes you will surely and absolutely be DISGUSTED with this film . From the interviews you would think the director -LRB- aka the Hack -RRB- would be caring to make sure it stays true to the story and characters of the series . Nothing to recreate here the story and characters are well thought out from the series but no the hack has to put his trademark style in the movie and voila the biggest disaster of a movie . You need to demand to be payed to watch this movie . I 'm so sorry to put a 1 star on this review only because its required .
 This movie was so bad on so many levels it 's hard to know where to begin . This is movie making ineptitude on a staggering scale .
 Let me start by saying that I am a huge fan of the original Nickelodeon series . But I am also usually very good about giving a remake a shot without comparing it bit by bit to the original.But this movie ... . was atrocious . The plot was weak . The cinematography was terrible . The flow of the movie overall was really boring . This is an action film yet they did so many slow motion bits and odd camera angles , it completely destroyed any of the action scenes for me . The last thing I should ever be during an action sequence is bored . The acting was n't great , but I was n't expecting much from a cast that is predominately kids , but the adult actors were severely disappointing , except maybe Dev Patel . The special effects might be the only thing I can get behind in this movie . But they were n't enough to carry it.What 's really so awful about this film is that the original series was so great . It had a good story , relatable -LRB- though occasionally annoying -RRB- characters , an interesting mythology , and wonderful action sequences . There was a lot of potential for this movie , but M. Night seemed to have ruined that . In several instances I felt that they were trying a bit too hard to be artsy or different , very evident in the very bizarre camera angles . But there were a lot of things that soured for me . For instance , they changed the pronunciations for most of the characters names to sound more asian . According to M. Night the creaters of the original series did n't have it `` right . '' You know , even though they CREATED the characters.Separate from the original series I 'd give this movie a 5 out of 10As a fan of the series , I give it a 2 out of 10
 The animated series `` Avatar
 I was so excited to see this movie after watching the series and had such high expectations for it , but all the excitement was gone about 10 minutes into it . I understand that to have all the stories from the series in a movie is completely impossible , but it should of at least have some character development in it so you might actually care what happens to Aang , Kitara , and Sokka . It is so rushed that you do n't even get an idea of who they are , and although Appa and Momo have a big part in the series , in the movie they are n't really even touched . There is no love shown between Appa and Aang and when they find Momo I could n't even be happy because they might as well have left him out with all the more they showed him and had him in the story.This movie also loses all the humor that is in the series . It is way too serious . I think M Night Shyamalan forgot that these were all kids and are not going to be completely serious at all times . Aang is supposed to be a trickster and a playful kid , but the movie has all of them so serious that you forget that they are kids.I was not impressed with the ways he changed the story either . M Night Shyamalan says he watched the whole series , but I 'm thinking he slept through it or just fast forward watched it because he totally missed the mark on it and had things so completely out of order it was ridiculous.Not to mention the fact that no one knows how to say names in it ... it was based on the series it should n't be too hard to be able to say everyone 's name correctly.I was so unimpressed with this movie that I 'm really bummed I wasted my money and time watching it and am just happy that I can still watch the original series and see Avatar the way it was meant to be.If you are into wasting your time and money I 'd watch it , but really all in all it 's not worth the time or money.Shame on M Night Shyamalan for butchering such a wonderful series .
 For the life of me I do n't understand why this retard is still being used . He sucks ! I was sooo excited about the movie and then I realized that he was directing it ... -LRB- shiver -RRB- ... my heart broke into a million little pieces and after watching Airbender -LRB- I LOVE the series ! -RRB- my brain agrees with my heart ... sigh . Somebody needs to ask Mr. Shamysham if he even watched the series !
 Many people made an issue of the fact that the main characters were white , while almost the entire rest of the cast matched the race of the source material . While this is a small annoyance , it has no impact on the movie one way or the other . What does impact this movie is the horrible writing , terrible acting , and the directors insistence on fitting every one of his favorite scenes from the show into the movie , despite the fact that because of the lack of context , the audience will not understand why they are important , or even why they are happening.Even being a die hard fan of the original show , I was lost during parts of this movie . Shyamalan is on record saying that him , and his family are fans of this series ; and there in lies the problem . Because he is a fan , he tried to cram an entire television season 's worth of information into a single film . The film is thick with content , but without the proper time and context to explain most of it.Viewers who have not seen the show will not understand the majority of the plot . Why is robbing a library so important ? what does killing a fish have to do with the sky turning red ? Why does the guy from the daily show keep talking about spirits that we never see ? Why does that creepy girl at the end look so excited ? Having seen the show , I know all of the answers , but in the movie these events were handled so badly , it took me a second to realize why they were happening . In his zeal to appease the hardcore fans , Shyamalan forgot about the core audience , and ultimately alienated both.The visual effects are beautiful , but wasted on boring , nearly pointless fights . The Katara character is so laughably ineffective , that after her third failure to be useful , I almost had to stop watching . Sokka is a humorless robot , with acting skills that match his demeanor . Noah Ringer catches alot of heat for his acting , but honestly , look at his lines . The poor kid is never given anything to say , so I guess he will come off wooden.Overall this is an overly cluttered , poorly executed attempt to capture the magic of a story that was given a full season to properly develop . Had the director shown more restraint , and reigned in his fanboy tendencies this may have been a great movie . THe sound , and visuals are both up to Blu-Ray quality . The story however does n't get any better . As it is , it is a beautiful disappointment .
 if you liked the show do n't even bother watching this movie . it will just make you mad ! they pronounced half the things in the movie wrong , the director watched the cartoon series , he knew how things were supposed to be said , but he did it wrong anyway . the storyline , and even the abilities of the benders is all wrong too ! it took them forever to do any kind of bending with the movements , it was just sad . there was NO redeeming quality about this movie . as soon as i saw that m. night shamala . . whatever had anything to do with this movie i knew it would be bad . but actually seeing the movie just made me angry . it had so much potential to be good , but the casting was bad , the acting was bad , the writing was bad . everything was very bad ! so if you are curious about the premise and story , just watch the cartoon , it 'll take longer , but you 'll enjoy it a lot more , and you 'll actually get the correct storyline . let 's pray that he does n't make anymore of these .
 I loved the show and this is the movie I 've been looking forward to more than any other . In the end , it is a huge disappointment but it did have some small redeeming qualities , but not enough of them . I 'll start with what I liked :1 -RRB- Sound Track . I usually do n't point this out , but I was actually digging on the sound track of the show , all except for one scene -LRB- the music built up but nothing happened on the screen -RRB- .2 -RRB- Added plot elements . They added a few plot elements , some I liked and some I did n't . The one I liked was that the movie seemed to focus on building a balance throughout the world instead of , `` I 'm the Avatar so I 'm just going to destroy what gets in my way , '' like what the show seemed to say . I liked it , it added a little bit of depth to the roll of the Avatar .3 -RRB- Special Effects . I especially loved the special effects of the water and the fire . The air and the earth bending effects sometimes came across as silly.But there were too many negatives :1 -RRB- Too short . The show was several hours long in the first book but this movie was less than two hours . I think the movie would have been a lot more decent if Shyamalan had put more into character development , relationship building , and story . Unfortunately , all he could cram into roughly 105 minutes where all the action scenes , which is not why Avatar was so beloved . It would n't have cost him much more to add the character development and it is so unfortunate that he took a skip on it .2 -RRB- Added plot elements . So , Aang is not allowed to have a family since he is the Avatar . What ? Why was this added into the movie ? In the show other Avatars were shown with family . In fact , since he is the last airbender he really SHOULD create a family so that the Airbender Nomads can be re-formed . Was this something that Shyamalan had planned on revisiting in the future ? For now , I just do n't get it .3 -RRB- 3D . I knew I was n't going to like the 3D as soon as I had heard it was done post-production . I should have followed my instinct and just caught the 2D version . The 3D version is dark with very little life in the colors . In fact , many scenes I removed the glasses just so I could enjoy the -LRB- blurry -RRB- scenes that were filmed . If Shyamalan continues making this in 3D , I hope he shoots it in 3D instead of doing it afterward .4 -RRB- No character development and relationship building . A real shame as this is what made the show so wonderful . But Aang does n't even seem to get along with Katara and Sokka . In fact , if I had n't seen the show , I think I would wonder why two kids where helping out the Avatar to begin with , or why the Avatar would even have them along .5 -RRB- Names . I do n't know why , but many of the names were re-pronounced for the movie , often times replacing hard vowels with soft ones . Aang sounded more like Ung . They did n't even say the word Avatar right . Was this a copyright issue ? I ca n't figure out why this happened .6 -RRB- Poor editing . This is a roller-coaster of a ride as locations and plot lines seemed to be thrown at us at 100 miles per hour . This is not a compliment . If I had n't seen the show I know I would n't be able to keep up . Again , transitions could have been helped along with the character and even plot building.In the end , it is more bad than good . It is a poorly executed movie and I expected more from Shyamalan . If you where a fan of the show I 'd suggest you wait until it comes out as a rental ... a Netflix rental at that . If you did n't watch the show I would avoid this movie like the plague . In fact , do yourself a favor and watch the show . The special effects were n't fantastic but everything else is FANTASTIC!No matter what , I 'd suggest skipping on the 3D version . I wish I had .
 If you are a die hard fan of the cartoon series , DO NOT get it . If I could , I would 've given it 0 stars . Avatar Aang is mispronounced in the movie as Avatar UNG . What the heck ! That already ruined it .
 Worst representaion of the cartoon possible . M. Night Shamylan should be ashamed of his humiliating film . I 'm a huge fan of Avatar
 yes i realize it is hard to put so much material into a single movie . this must be why so many great characters were ... deleted ? but how can m. night NOT include certain material from the episode called `` the deserter '' fans know whihch one i mean . seriously katar learning how to heal while waterbending is a very key element . how exactly would m. night explain katara healing aang - that ANG not ONG - at the end of book two ? no wonder this movie `` won '' worst movie of the year . even the expendables was better , and that was crap ... so what does that mean this movie is ?
 For those of you who do not know , this movie was based on the animated nickelodeon show Avatar The Last Airbender . It tells the story of four nations Air , water , fire , and earth , each of which has inhabitants called benders that can control their nation 's element . All nations lived in peace until the fire nation attacked in hopes of taking over . The remedy for their defeat is the person known as the avatar . The only being capable of mastering all four elements and burdened with the responsibility of keeping peace between the nations . If the Avatar dies he is reincarnated into a bender of the next element in the cycle and must journey the world to learn the other three . This movie is a terrible rendition of the story . The actors are terrible . This is a major understament for the character of prince Zuko . within the cartoon he is forceful and demanding with a harsh and nilhistic demeanor . The prince Zuko in this film is pitiful not only in appearance , but in his acting . he blurts out lines like a child.The Avatar 's name and those of his friends are constantly mispronounced and this film strips away from Aang his playful and goofy side replacing it with a laughable form of stoic detachment . The bending is accomplished with overly dramatic yoga moves that in lieu of their quick performance in the cartoon are slow and look terrible . The film threw a whole bunch of special effects together and melded them with inexperienced actors and TERRIBLE dialogue . An example of which is see when aang talks to the earthbenders and says `` The ground is an extension of who you are !!!! '' If you 're trying to encourage someone let alone a group of people , do you really think comparing them to the dirt under their feet is going to work ? They 're eathbenders , not dirt.Cartoon facts vs Movie lies : Avatars can marry and have children in the cartoon and they do . In this movie Aang constantly repeats that the monks told him he could never have a family . LIE !!!! Firebenders can make their own fire in the cartoon . In the movie firebenders could not do that . they could only use fire if they found some LIE !!! . The Avatar 's name is pronounced `` ang '' as in the end of `` Bang '' . In this movie they pronounce it `` ong '' LIE !!!! The episodes of the cartoon particularly the ones on which this is based feature several interesting spirits includeding the awesomest one called Koh the face stealer . The movie only has ang encounter the blue dragon spirit . LIE !!!!! Overall do n't get this unless you 're all about great special effects . the acting is terrible and the personalities have changed entirely along with the plot .
 i had realy wanted to see the Last Airbender since I had seen the Cartoon . Can I say what a Disgrace ! i went to see it the day it came out and was excited and walked out dissappoited . Half of the book one was left out and it ended with book one . the action was good and so was the special effacts . if you have seen the cartoon please do n't see this movie .
 Not to go on and on ... but this movie was absolutely horrible ! The 3-D was n't even 3-D ; the actors were mediocre -LRB- except for the guy who played Prince Zuko -RRB- . How could such an awesome series end up so disastrous ? Luckily we caught a matinee , and I do n't feel like a total fool spending hard earned money on this flop .
 First things first
 I love this series and could n't wait for the real live action , but like many others whose off the screen series tries it 's way on the big screen was a wasted effort . Nice try M.night Shyamalan but this was a straight to the dvd film . I could n't believe the horrendous screenplay , I never finished watching it . Trying to fit a whole season of series into less than a 2hr film is one short of a miracle . Some cast members needed to be recasted and the screenplay needs to go back where it came from . Until a better version is due to be released if and in the future , I will stick with the animation .
 This could have been a wonderful movie . Avater The Last Airbender is a great show , and I am a huge fan . When this movie came out , all of my friends and I went out to see the midnight showing . It was a terrible disappointment . Honestly , everyone walking out of that theater was either too let down to say anything or cursing M. Night . Shymalan for ruining the movie that has been looked forward to for so long . Do not waste your money ; this is a terrible movie and an insult to the real show .
 I personally loved the show Avatar The Last Airbender , but I hated the film by M.Night . I do not know what he was thinking . I understand that the cuts of many characters and scenes from the first season was due to the fact that this was a children 's film in particular , and children will not stay still for 2 + hours . I was embarrassed when watching this in the movies . I was ducking in my seat and felt crushed throughout the film . After watching this film , I could not dare to watch the cartoon I love the most anymore . Many have came up to me and expressed how much they `` loved '' this film . I understand why . Many do not like to consider the fact that this film was actually made to be set aside from the first season.The number one mistake an Avatar fan can make is compare this film with the show . Instead , think of this as a new movie . If you think of it like that , you could possibly like this film ... yet I do n't . Whatever they do , they better kick out M.Night from the sequels and do something great with the second film . Season 2 is my favorite .
 Piss-poor , even for an adaptation.If you 're a fan of the series , do n't bother . If you 're curious about the series and were thinking the movie will be a good intro , do n't bother.If you wan na get drunk with friends and tear into a bad movie , by all means get this from the RedBox .
 Let 's keep this short and sweet . The previews showed a promising movie ; reality dictated otherwise . Objectively speaking , the acting was sub-par , there was little to no character development -LRB- usually a focus , if not a must , for movies that plan on sequels -RRB- , and the plot was somewhat weak . Not hating on the movie or series , and I am not judging the correlation between the movie and the series . This is just a review on the Airbender motion picture.If you would like to check it out , I recommend renting first before purchasing .
 I loved the TV show but when I saw this movie my heart sank . THe acting was terrible , they got all the names wrong , and the action was almost none existent . I mean there is more action on the cover of this Blu-Ray Disk then there is in the actual movie ! If you saw the previews for the movie , it looked great . But when you actually see the movie , it is disappointing . The sad part is I really wished it would have been great too .
 I am a big M. Knight fan . Like most , I was excited to hear about the movie coming out . Then I heard about the casting ... . Well maybe it will be alright since it 's a M. Knight film . If you are a true Avatar fan , do not waste your time with this movie . If you never watched the series , them you will probably enjoy the movie.Personally I was pissed off with it . He changed the names of the character , why ? It 's not like they were hard names to pronouce . The bending took foreeeeevvvvver !!!! By the time they actually do bending , the other person could take them out . Why change the personallities of the characters . That 's why you fell in love with show . Long story short , I hated the movie ! I hope if they continue making the movies they get someone else to do it !
 If for no other reason , The Last Airbender will bomb in British cinemas for a very childish one
 Let me start this review off by saying that The Last Airbender was an embarassing piece of filmmaking . I could not see how the filmmakers saw the supposed finished product of this and thought it was okay to be released . I think M. Night Shyamalan is a talented director , but only in his element -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , which is obviously horror and contemporary science fiction . Going into the realm of fantasy and action was not an intelligent move for Shyamalan . I was strongly anticipating this film , and I was actually looking forward to see Shyamalan take on a completely new project , which I heard he was very passionate about . So , it had to be good , right ? No way ! The film was sloppy -- an utter mess -- the characters were extremely one-dimensional -LRB- I could care less for the fate of any of them -RRB- . The only thing that got me through this film were some of the action sequences , which were , at times , impressive to behold , but they did not deliver quite as well as they should have . For one thing , there was always a set choreography in the art of bending , which was very aesthetically pleasing , but that never quite worked in tandem with the special effects . Another aspect of the film that butchered the overall aesthetic was the cinematography
 Wow , never in Hollywood history has such a movie been so badly cast . There are no name actors in the movie , and that was remarkably courageous of the director . But the actor cast made the movie seem like a bad high school production . The stupidity and banality of the characters , plot , and dialogue are all understandable -- I mean , this is after all a cartoon series dreamed up by white men about young Asians so what do you expect ? What 's not forgivable is the casting nightmare -- you 'd want to more laugh at the chief villain rather than shutter in fear.Critics are calling this movie the end of M Night Shyamalan 's career but that 's unlikely . If mediocrity were cause for termination Hollywood would become a ghost town .
 This is NOT authorised to playback in this area . It is useless to me as i can not view the dvd.there fore i can not give any opinion .
 Shyamalan 's `` Airbender '' really was everything I expected . The effects were spectacular - CGI technology just keeps getting better all the time . And that small boy in the lead role -LRB- Ringer -RRB- did quite well for a child of 13 . Everyone else involved in the movie , scriptwriters included , lived up to the kid 's standards - they all performed at about a 13 year old level , too . The plot had so many holes they must have used a drill press on it . The female sidekick seemed to be named after a disease -LRB- `` Catarrh , '' or something like that -RRB- . The male sidekick sported a hairstyle that somehow combined a mullet and a ponytail . To tell the truth , the flick was even less than the dismal reviews had led me to hope for . Then , about two-thirds of the way through , I realized that one big part of the plot just did n't have time to wrap up . I was right - this is really just the first half of something , a fact that was obvious enough even without the blatant sequel-bait at the end.So , I got what I went to see
 The source material was lame , but I hoped the action sequences would make up for it . Sadly , no such luck.One wonders why you do n't use a gun and shoot the `` benders '' while they take their 45 seconds to ready whatever attack it is . Can you say `` sniper '' or `` carpet bomb '' ? I knew you could.Seriously - take a pass .
 M Night Sham-alamalan , you have murdered this movie . I have said for a few years now that Avatar
 If M Night was smart he could had have this spread out into 7 to 8 movies like the Harry Potter films . NOOOOOO he crammed it all in one ! Tey were pronouncing the lead characters name wrong !!! That erked me so bad that i wanted to get up and walk out the movie . Do not waste your money . Watch the cartoon which is AWESOME .
 Saw this at the theater and was disappointed to say the least . Should have asked for my money back , it was that bad .
 I 'm not an avid viewer of the animated version but I saw just enough to get some context . The obvious complaint as most of you have already heard is why the change in the character 's race ? Usually Hollywood does this to include A-list actors in their films . Puzzling . The script was predictably campy and childish just like the show . I 've yet to see a decent movie from M.Night since Six Sense .
 That 's right , this movie is absolute garbage . From start to finish
 OK , this is a cumulative review from a family who adored the series . The film was built around the climactic battle scene between the Fire Nation and the Northern Water Tribe . Everything else was crammed in to accommodate the film length once they 'd timed the battle sequence -LRB- sorry , not something I 'm saying is documented ; just my feeling -RRB- . The term `` mystical '' some people have used might have included * finally * getting in something about Iroh 's journey to the spirit world beyond Zhao 's brief mention from the series . The whole Avatar State thing got lost , and the distinctive martial arts styles used for the different bending styles -LRB- OK , some nice tai chi with Katara and Aang -RRB- really got lost
 We were excited for this movie to come out and quickly purchased it -LRB- prior to reading reviews I am sorry to say -RRB- . DULL ! BAD ACTING ! No coherent plot . Great idea gone very very wrong . Even my kids -LRB- who had really wanted this movie !! -RRB- said it was bad and then wanted to trade it at the used DVD store for something else . Not even worth a second watch for them and that is saying a lot .
 Generic lines bad acting terrible scripts just plain garbage to the fans of the original series.Some of the characters names are changed and the back grounds of there origin are also changed . Just bad writing and directing all out bad movie.The only decent thing in this movie was the computer effects.I give it a 0 out of 5 for ruining everything .
 i can not explain how much i hated this movie . i loved the tv series . i have seen every episode at least 10 times and i have watched it since it first began . this movie did it absolutely no justuce . i went and saw it with my girlfriend , brother and sister and we all loved the show . after we saw it we said to eachother
 okay so the movie was terrible in to many ways to count . Mostly the blame fell on lack of acting ability a good movie is comprised of-acting-set-costume-immersion / you get in the storythis movie had amazing costumes and a set that bordered on the realm of epic but it lacked ACTING . I am a huge fan of the show and this was n't the show . but after seeing the clip that has the actor who played aang or ong or how ever they want to call it I wonder ... why ? this kid is a perfect fit for the character off screen , but it did n't transfer to the movie . Its so much this way that I almost felt the director had two braincells , almost . But sadly it did n't carry through . The lack of acting also leads to the person feeling like that are watching some form of really bad theater productions , which I have done and they seem to have the same problem , great set and costume you just need to shoot your actor 's . If your a fan of the show or hell a fan of movie 's in general DO N'T SEE THIS MOVIE if your sensitive like me to REALLY BAD MOVIE 'S your going to sit through this feel like your soul has been crushed into a million pieces , then feel the need to preform unlawful acts until your sated in your anger , after you are jailed and sentenced to death you will have fits or vomiting your own blood . I repeat for all you people who do n't get the message DO N'T SEE THIS MOVIE
 When they advertised they were going to make a movie of The Last Airbender I was excited and could n't wait to see the movie . Me and the kids went to see it with great anticipation . When the movie was over all of us was left empty inside and disappointed . They better have a lot and I mean a lot of special features on this dvd and included the game free . I agree with the reviews , the pronouncation of Aang 's and Sokka 's name it was irritating , Sokka lack of comic relief , the Fire Lord who in the end of the movie stumbled over his lines and the acting for most of the charactors was flat very flat I was like were did they get these people ? They could have gotten better actors fresh from acting school and I think they would have done better . I did n't mind the story line but the acting sucked and the over the top bending moves . I do n't think I am going to like the next one if there is a next one . When I saw who was going to play Azula I was like I do n't think she is going to work . She looked more cutie pie than jealous and crafty to me . I would be surprise if another one is made because that was the worst movie making I have ever seen . The creaters of the show must be saying why did we let this happen . My favorite actors was the girl Katara , the guy who played Zuko and Aang everyone else can go . I liked Appa and Momo they did a good job on them and the special effects and the fighting scene when they was at the Water Tribe I thought was good . Overall they ruined the feel of The Last Airbender shows . After watching the movie we had to watch the shows to get that good feeling back . It was like eating something with an after taste and you had to eat or drink something else to get the taste out of your mouth multiplied by 10 . The M Night Shyamalan movies I have seen I have enjoyed so I was REALLY disappointed with this . The feeling I got from this movie was one I have NEVER FELT before in regards to a movie and hope I never feel it again .
 This movie is horrible . Everything that was wonderful about the cartoon fell apart in the hands of Director Shyamalan . Although the special effects were good , they could n't save the movie . The acting was horrible , and the terrible script did n't help . They made Aang completely serious and devoid of joy or a personality for that matter . This movie is not one of those `` It 's so bad it 's good '' movies . But , if you DO still want to see it because you wonder how it could possibly be as awful as everyone says it is -LRB- a mistake I made -RRB- then at least rent it from Redbox and save yourself a dollar . Believe me , the less money you spend on this movie the less guilt you 'll have after watching it .
 - wish I could get my money back from the theatre.-this movie does not deserve 1 star .
 terrible acting . terrible dialogue . fight sequences that were apparently only half choreographed and then aborted . what a soulless , joyless piece of crap . this movie is so bad that its almost unwatchable even with rifftrax playing along .
 As a fan of the Nick series Avatar
 I saw the movie first , and thought it was pretty impressive , so I went and bought the cartoon . Then I started to wonder what the producers thought they were doing . I mean , I know that they could n't fit everything from 20 episodes into one movie , but you 'd think that they would at least try to make an effort.Honestly , the Ember Island Players could -LRB- and did -RRB- do a better job.Where was Sokka 's sarcasm ? Why was he always just standing around like a lump rather than actually doing anything like the hothead we know and love ? Where was Aang 's genuine emotions and eager attitude ? His guilt over what happened to the Air Nomads and attempting to reconcile the world he knew with the present one ? Where was Katara , who could have been Momo for all the effect she had ? Where were Suki and the Kyoshi Warriors ? The Pirates ? Jet and the Freedom Fighters ? Jeong Jeong ? Avatar Roku?There was something about pieces being cut out because the film was too long , but they could have left a few bits in , because ` The Last Airbender ' still wound up being one of the shortest movies that I have watched this year.When Aang woke up , he was far too calm , even if he HAD only been lost in a storm . There was n't even the redeeming distractions of Aang wanting to go Penguin sledding or being all moon-eyed over Katara.Why did Zhao kill the Moon Spirit and get taken out by a few waterbenders , rather than a furious giant koi of the Ocean Spirit?I could see elements of ` Imprisoned ' in the Earthbending village , except instead of Katara 's emotional and inspirational speech , we had a fairly bland ` why are you living like this ? ' that sounded like it was brought up in casual conversation , and a bit of far-from-impressive bending special effects.Seriously , the Earthbenders looked like they were doing the haka , and the others bore a stunning resemblance to an Interpretative Dance performance I saw a few weeks before the movie . Aside from being shockingly impractical , Bending is supposed to consist of a few movements , not a minute-long dance routine where your non-bending opponent would conceivably be able to knock you flat and sit down for some tea . Also , since when do Firebenders need an external source to bend?The Actors who played Zuko and Iroh did very well -LRB- though I missed Iroh 's little gems of wisdom , and I would have liked to have seen an actual scar , rather than a bad sunburn -RRB- , but they were about the only ones . The other actors probably tried their best , but with the scrap paper masquerading as a movie script , there was n't much they could do.And when did the Water and Fire nations switch colouring ? I am not racist , and not overly concerned with physical appearence , but again , , it would have been nice if Shyamalam actually tried . Katara and Sokka were as pale as you get , rather than the dark tan everyone was expecting . The Fire Nation were all as dark as anything , despite the fact that the Fire Nation is probably the fairest of all the races.And what was up with the name pronunciations ? A person sitting next to me in the theatre was an ` A : tLA ' fan , and she kept whispering to her friend , asking who ` Ong ' was .
 There should be negative stars for this film . What MNS did to this story is what drive people to mass murder and suicide . Garbage . Please Aang Lee , remake this film series !!!
 The movie was so poorly acted and I 'm no critic . I like almost everything but this left me wanting . Some of the Special FX were ok but I 've seen much better in less expensive movies .
 I really cant fa-therm or understand how someone could possibly like this movie even after the fact of watching the entirety of the animated version . . watch this review that shows a fair and honest comparison with plenty of good points about why this Film failed ; -LSB- ... -RSB- OH and FYI to all those people claiming they made a profit from this film , they did n't make much if any profit from it at all , it barely made its money back.The $ 150 million spent on the film was just for making it then you factor in the marketing costs of $ 130 million . so that 's a total cost of $ 280 million and it only made $ 319 million worldwide . 39 million profit is terrible compared to how his past films had made and how films normally make money in general ; `` Signs '' earned $ 408 million in worldwide ticket sales -LRB- on a $ 72 million budget -RRB- and `` The Sixth Sense '' took in $ 672 million -LRB- on a $ 40 million budget -RRB- . films should be making twice or 3 , 4 times their budget and marketing . So airbender would have been expected to make atleast 600-800million it should have and did n't ... . I wonder why ... . my money is on a reboot in a few years time with a competent director , writer and actors . I atleast give props to Dev Patel who atleast seemed to be trying to work with what he had to work with in terms of a script.If you hav n't already seen the animation its based off I implore you to check it out !!
 I can not say enough bad words about this movie . I am so upset about this piece of bulls *** ! I have watched the entire books of the cartoon . The cartoon is awesome , serious , and funny . I was so upset to learn that HOLLYWOOD did away with the true meaning of the cartoon that me , my daughter and my grandson used to watch together as a family . Yes I am a grandmother who watches the cartoon and I LOVE it ! But this movie sucks big time . No one in HOLLYWOOD truly thought about the fans you can tell from the cast of this movie . I hope that they remake this movie and get it right the next time . And who the hell casted a little white kid to play an asian kid ? Yes the kid is cute but still ... the entire cast to me was ALL wrong . This movie looks like a great B-movie maybe a B is a bit extreme a C-movie is more like it . Watching this movie took time from my life that I will never be able to get back . Can the Fans sue Hollywood for this movie ? LOL !
 As a fan of the cartoon series , I was curious about what they would change for the film to simplify or streamline an entire season of tv into a single film . The answer is `` just about everything '' . The biggest mystery is why . Why did they change the pronunciations of EVERYTHING and EVERYONE ? Why did they change the way that bending worked ? Why did they change the personalities and motivations of every character ? Why did they change the short fat funny guy into a tall skinny serious guy , or the bald guy with a massive scar into the hairy guy with mild acne ? The palest people in the cartoon were the darkest in the film and vice versa . It 's as if the entire film was done after someone heard a third-hand description of the cartoon . So that 's what makes the film bad purely from the perspective of a fan of the source material . One thing that did n't change was a pretty basic aim - to get to the northern water tribe and learn water bending , and that was the only thing that held the movie together - there was a purpose and a conclusion -LRB- and even the conclusion was different from the show , which set up the entire second season , so what they would have done for the sequel is a mystery -RRB- . But even with all the stupid changes , it could have been a decent action film . It was n't . The plot was hurried - things that could have been explained with a two minute scene -LRB- or simply taken out entirely -RRB- were glossed over with a narration . For a 90 minute film , they could easily have added a bit . As is typical for M Night , some events happen for no reason - the exiled prince asks a random boy in a cafe about his life story for no reason other than to reveal some history to the viewer . People who can move tons of earth with their minds were imprisoned in a low-walled canyon and did n't think to escape . A key part of the film -LRB- relating to water spirits , not a spoiler -RRB- is repeated five times as if you are too dumb to understand the first four times . So the script is bad , the acting is mostly bad , the action sequences are all awful except for one . And the ending does n't really make much sense . In conclusion , awful film for anyone who has n't seen the show , terrifically awful for those that have .
 ok I watched the cartoon with my son and we loved it . and then we watched this because of my son . overall this movie is not great . its not even kind of good . my son was even bored with it which says alot since hes 7 and loves the series . The kid who played Aang was pretty decent but the rest of the cast did n't suit the characters , the director took a show thats supposed to be funny but with a main serious theme and turned it into a heavy long winded movie . I understand there are sequels coming we will wait till they are on tv if we even bother with it then . I would suggest some heavy thoughts into recasting almost everyone BUT Aang . He needs to stick with the shows feel rather than try to create his own creepy heaviness thereby alienating all the kids who loved it the way it was . In the cartoon the fire nation was asian , the watertribes were Inuit , air was indian and i think earth was also asian . there were no white people in the show seeing how its supposed to all be loosely based on some asian philosiphies .
 To be completely honest , this was terrible , and M Night Shamamalamma should not be allowed anywhere near anything that is good in its original form , as a fan of the actual show , and as someone who has seen allot of movies I can say with complete and total -LRB- ly justified -RRB- bias that this piece of crap should be destroyed , dont stream it for free , and do not buy it . just watch the actual show , and read it . the characters in this are completely wrong , names are wrong , and how they act is wrong . the soundtrack was not great either . The cinematography was okay I guess , but not good enough to redeem it .
 I was expecting a good movie due to the fact that I am a big fan of the show . But it did not follow the same story line or even plot . The movie is ok . But it has lots of bad acting and again does not simulate the show in which it was based on .
 For those of you that are fans of the original cartoon series , you 'll know exactly what I mean by what I 'm about to say . Those of you that never saw the cartoon , I highly advise it . Over the course of 3 sets of 20 episodes each , the writers of Avatar create a rich world full of 3 dimensional characters . They are imperfect people . They are at times funny . They are at times sad or even overwhelmed by their situations . Amongst it all these characters grow and evolve while still staying in their respective characters . M. Night Shyamalan took the first season of 20 episodes and completely sapped the characters , the humor , and the richness of the world that Aang and friends are traversing out of the picture . What is left is a thin storyline with poorly directed children that is no comparison to the source material . Shame on you , you egotistical little turd . I hope you made your money on this one M. Night , because no one who has seen the real deal is going to fall for it again when you try to release Book 2
 This is the absolute worst movie I have ever seen . I could go on for paragraphs describing in detail why it was so bad but , I 'll try to keep it brief . My main issue was that it did n't stick to the show at all . For example , the characters from the movie were nothing like the characters from the show . Their attitudes and mannerisms had changed , along with some of their names . They also left out key elements that shaped the story and replaced them with trivial instances . The acting was ok . For the roles they were playing , the actors did a somewhat decent job but they could have researched the parts a little better . Overall , I was heartbroken by this piece of trash and because of this , I have made it my life goal to get M Night blacklisted in the film making community .
 If you 're a fan of the Avatar
 This movie was a disaster , it does nothing for the original animated series . After hearing that the cast were white , and the fact that it was directed my Shyamalan I should have known better to not even watch it .
 This movie was horrible . The lead actors did not sell the story , I would have thought the storyline would have been more like the animated series .
 Read title for review . Basically they where given everything they needed to make a good movie from the cartoon ... and still screwed it up : \
 I was told by several fans of the cartoon series to stay away from this . I watched the entire series and then decided to give this a chance - what a sad mistake . THIS IS TERRIBLE ! Yes , as a director you need to make changes to a story to adapt it for live action but this complete garbage . Add insult in injury , changing characters we know so well from the cartoon series from fat to thin , dark skinned Inuit to blond Caucasian , Chinese to Indian . Insulting and possibly racists.AVOID THIS
 The review by `` romisep '' is right on ! As a stand-alone film this is a total failure . As an adaptation of a FABULOUSLY imaginative animation with greater depth of story and character than any cartoon should be able to lay claim to , it is SACRILEGE ! Shyamalan and this complete failure of an adaptation that he created , make me both saddened and angry . Shyamalan should never be allowed to direct , produce , write , or in any way take part in the creation of a motion picture again . His last several movies were terrible but this is the final straw .
 What 's happening to him ?! After his glory of `` The Sixth Sense , Signs , and Lady in the Water , '' WHAT 'S MAKING HIM FAIL ?!?! `` The Last Airbender '' is boring , dumb special effects , but stays up . In English , it 's mostly bad but it has some interest . Still , it 's a complete mindless failure that packs a dumb punch . Anyone who desperatly needs to sleep ; go buy it .
 When I saw that they were making movies for the `` Avatar '' series , I was immidiatly excited . I had been a fan of the anime for years and could n't wait to see the movie . It sucked . First , the movie ended right when Azula was ordered to look for Aang . I would not complain if they said it would just be book one . Apart from that , acting was pretty bad , effects were cheezy , and the characters mispronounced ALOT of names . Would not recomend
 From the moment the previews of Avatar
 This movie is horrible.It is impossible to take all the sub plots and character developments from a full season and place them in a 2 hour movie . It also suffers from child actors that deliver their lines with dull and wooden expressions . I felt like someone was just reading me the screenplay there is so much narration in this movie . Not even for complex story points , but very simple ones . You do n't have to tell me that the boy is going to fall for the cute girl . What a crutch . Also the ending moves so far away from the series it is laughable . With out giving to much away . Not for the movie , but so I do n't ruin the ending of season 1 for you since I highly recommend that one . ** spoiler ** The point of it was balance and what happens when that balance is lost . In the movie Aang gains control and triumphs while in the series the whole point was that he lost control and there were major consequence because of it .
 This is a terrible movie especially if you are familiar with the animated series . The characters are watered down so much that there 's nothing left but ridiculous overblown moves to do the air and water bending . They turned Kitara who is a very strong and caring character into a quiet subdued character , her brother Sokka was off in so many ways it 's ridiculous , then there 's the hero Aang who they turned into a mopey gloomy character which is totally incorrect and then other main character prince Zuko is n't nearly as angry or driven in the movie as he is in the series . None of the characters were on track but I 'd have thought they would make a real effort to be true to the main characters ! You are much better off getting the animated series then this poor attempt at a movie that has lousy characters and no plot because they cut out so much and threw what little they kept in a haphazard way . It was so bad we had to get out our DVDs of the series and watch it to get the bad taste out of our mouths.For those that are n't familiar with the Avatar The Last Airbender series , there 's a small chance you might think the movie is ok although I think the fact that the characters are so undeveloped will affect your enjoyment of the film too .
 Since the writer/producer/director claims his cultural heritage makes him a better judge of this story than the originators you would think he would understand the concept of respecting those who come before him . Instead he tells his ` ancestors ' `` You got the names wrong '' , `` You got firebending wrong '' , `` You got the race/cultures wrong '' , `` You got the fortitude of earth benders wrong '' , `` You had way too little narrative '' Et cetera , et cetera , et cetera -LRB- As Yul would say -RRB- . The lesson here is
 The movie is not only a travesty for any fan of the TV show , but it 's also incredibly poor film making . I strongly encourage folks to steer clear .
 Dont need to say anything but , screw you . If The last airbender gets another shot , i hope you dont come near it .
 I was having a bizarrely strong sense of d&eacute;j&agrave; vu while watching M. Night Shyamalan 's not-so-great action/fantasy film `` The Last Airbender . '' I did n't know exactly why until I remembered another not-so-great -LRB- or just terrible -RRB- action/fantasy film called `` Dragonball
 wow ! did anyone involved in this movie bother to watch the series ? well here it is . this movie is about as well done as an after school special was . it is off script and totally wrong . `` uncle '' even has a middle eastern accent or something . like another person said it does n't even rate one star ! i wish i had listened but i had hope i guess ... . I 'm just glad i did n't buy it !
 To say this movie was bad would be an insult to bad movies . First , I was not expecting to watch a movie that was 100 % accurate with the cartoon story already established . This does not however excuse the painful to watch acting , the things that made absolutely no sense , and the incredible choppiness . This movie is so far beyond terrible that it has absolutely zero redeeming qualities . Even Dragonball Evolution was a better movie.Bottom line , not only should you not see this movie , you should get your money back for buying or renting it .
 Does anyone remember when the name M. Night Shyamalan generated interest for a movie rather than ridicule ? It seems so long ago now , when the writer/director was being heralded as `` The Next Spielberg '' due to his successes with `` The Sixth Sense '' , `` Unbreakable '' and `` Signs '' . However , after those three initial films Shyamalan apparently misplaced his talent for writing and directing , or allowed his rise to fame to get in the way of his creativity and talent . Whatever the case may be , this once acclaimed director has been on a downward spiral career-wise for several years now , and his latest film is easily his worst yet . `` The Last Airbender '' chronicles the discovery and rise to power of a young boy named Aang -LRB- Noah Ringer -RRB- who is destined to become the Avatar that will save his world in its darkest hour . However , accepting his destiny will place himself and those he loves in grave danger as two opposing forces within the dreaded Fire Nation , the despotic Commander Zhao -LRB- Aasif Mandvi -RRB- and the outcast Prince Zuko -LRB- Dev Patel -RRB- , seek to eliminate this prophesied threat to their power . With time running out and the Fire Nation closing in , Aang and his fellow allies in the Water Nation must stand united or all hope will be lost.Before I go any further , please let me take a moment to say `` Thank You '' to M. Night Shyamalan for allowing myself , and everyone else unfortunate enough to have watched this dismal wannabe blockbuster , a front row seat at his career hitting rock bottom . It is an honor , after all so many of us were there when you rose to success with `` The Sixth Sense '' in 1999 , and now just a mere eleven years later , we 're front-and-center for what could be your final bow.I must say that it has been a journey Mr. Shyamalan , and one that I wish I had abandoned years ago after the crap-tacular `` Lady in the Water '' . I 'm not sure what that says about me , other than I 'm an apparent glutton for B-movie punishment , but I digress.So , how did this movie go wrong for not only the unlucky moviegoers -LRB- or renters as the case may be -RRB- , but M. Night Shyamalan and company as well ? For starters , the story is nothing more than a series of bullet points gleamed from the show 's first season . I understand that when a television series is being adapted into a feature film that some distillation must occur , but come on , M. Night , show some restraint in the process.Every scene in this movie feels like someone is just marking them off a list of events from `` Avatar
 step all over a great story , then show your dirty footprints ? bad , bad . watch the animation by nick . Classic great fable .
 Awful awful awful is the only way to decribe the latest mess in M. Night 's disintegrating career . His ego was on full display as he butchered scene after scene of material that was handed to him on a silver platter . Nothing of the talent responsible for The Sixth Sense or Unbreakable is available here . His script has all the quality and remedial charm of a grade school project.Fans of the cartoon know the story very well
 Worst . Movie . Ever . From the static line readings to charmless characters , from the haphazard plotting to uninspired action/visual effects set ups . If there was a way to make a movie bad , Mr. Shyamalan not only found it , he made up more as he went along . At least hacks deliver a predictable summer commodity , but someone please tell this guy he can not write nor direct . It 's like The Sixth Sense was one crazy fluke . I 'm not even comparing this movie to the brilliant Nicolodeon series . This film version has created its very own abysmal level of quality . With a little luck may it stay there and spawn no sequels .
 Avatar The Last Airbender , the SERIES on TV is an amazing story ! It 's a wonderful cartoon both serious and funny , you grow to love these characters you see . Katara , Aang , Sooka , Toph , Uncle Iroh , Zuko , and thats just naming a few ! You learn alot of things about the characters I just listed . Katara is brave and tough , she does n't take it sitting down when the Northern Water Master tells her girls do n't bend for fighting but do healing . She eventually gets him to duel her , then he trains her . SHE master 's water BEFORE Aang , and is actually HIS watermaster.Keeping that in Mind one scene in this movie disregarded such a wonderful scene , that I `` ve chosen to make an example of . The scene where they get to the watertribe , no water master tells Katara no ... no duel ... no bravery on Katara 's part , no determination . She 's just this soft spoken -LRB- mostly -RRB- girl who BELIEVES the Avatar would return . She has faith , and at first in some of her more determined moments I saw a little , very little of Katara , the real one.The movie feels rushed , most of the scenes are horrible , and the music overtaking most of the movie makes it bad ! I absolutely DO NOT RECOMMEND YOU WASTE YOUR TIME OR YOUR DIME ON THIS FILTHY DISGUSTING MOVIE ! This director was horrible , the characters were supposed to be more serious apparently , but none of the actors could really act . Or maybe it was the musical moments that killed some of their emotion . My point is this , Aang is a happy fun loving young boy of 12 , who got frozen in the ice , he has his serious moments , but he knows how to have fun . He does n't just stand there like that one in the movie did . Looking all sad and depressed , and somehow emotionless at the sametime . HOW do you get that ? I do n't know.All I know is do n't waste time.Watch Nickelodeon 's Avatar , not this filth of a movie.Michelle
 this is a good movie for people whom have yet to see the original tv show . mispronunciation of the character 's names , the plot is the same but the atmosphere of the show is gone . even the setting in most of the scenes were off . i understand m. night shayamalan had to bunch it all together , and production had to be a certain way because it was a cartoon before it was a movie but they should have just left it as it was and parted with the `` live-action '' dream . it was a miss in my book . not a good film for the tv show followers . : /
 The cartoon was a classic . This movie was n't even classically bad . Pretty much a waste from start to finish and a total trashing of a brilliant original story . It was like watching one of those sit-com episodes where the writers have run out of material , so they do a flash back show of old funny stuff . Which would have been fine if they did n't accidentally show you clips from another show that were n't in the least bit funny .
 The movie was quite bad . I only gave it two stars , because it did hold true to a couple of the cartoon episodes from the first season . But the acting was poor , and development was sorely lacking . I watched the entire animated series from beginning to end , and it was much , much better than this movie . If you watched the movie and have a bad taste in your mouth , watch the cartoon instead . It 's actually a very good series .
 The script did not do justice to the original Avatar . I could not find fault in scenery and special effects ; the back-end crew did their job . Here are the reason for poor rating : - need tighter script , does n't seem to be written in native English tongue . - need better directing , poor camera angles to highlight character emotions to convey message - need better post cut , amateur editing/cutting job only concentrate on action scenes but not character dialogueGood thing it was free through Amazon Prime.If they continue with the 2nd movie , replace the writer , director , and editing house on this first movie . Then , I will reconsider purchase it and forgive their poor judgement on the first cut .
 PEOPLE those of you who gave blank 5 stars are either old or stupid -LRB- both can apply -RRB- that know nothing about special effects or ART . The MARTIAL ARTS WERE TERRIBLE , visual effects even WORSE given our current technological standards . If you want art & visual grandeur watch AVATAR not the Last blank bender who cant act or anything ... DO NOT BUY OR WATCH TERRIBLE , if its free like in NETFLIX go right ahead and see the torturous excuse for a movie of all TIME ...
 There 's lots of great movies on amazon prime . This is not one of them . Acting is terrible , dialog is terrible , directing is terrible . It was a movie built for ages 6-9 . If you are under 6 , you wo n't understand it . If you are over 9 , you will realize it 's not exciting , not charming , not entertaining , and has little redeeming value except sharing a name with a beloved cartoon . I do have some relief that the movie was bad enough that there will be no sequel.If you do have a 6-9 year old , they will probably like it . Just hit play and leave the room .
 The story of course was great , as it is in the cartoon . The special effects were pathetic and the acting was mediocre at best . Everything was too disjointed and choppy . The cartoon flows smoothly from scene to scene . Stick to the cartoon it is a much better presentation .
 OK , first things first , pros and cons.Cons first the movie acting and and the martial arts -LRB- especialy the firebenders -RRB- was horrible . also , the fire bender coud n't just create fire , they could only move it unlike the cartoons . The comedy aspect of the show was like it was put down at an animal shelter for this movie , Sokka was just a strict big brother whereas in the show katara too care of sokka instead of vice versa . There wasalso the fights , which hardly ever had bending it was mostly martial arts ... that REALLY SUCKED . overll the pros were , well actually pro since ther was only one at least they were bending in some of it
 Everyone 's written excellent reviews on this movie already , and they are utterly true . I have n't watched all of the cartoon series , so I 'm not as emotionally invested in it , and it gets two stars for special effects . The day that I do n't get some entertainment out of watching magical swooshy water/air being moved by fake martial arts is the day that my soul dies.What I did come here to say , though , is WHY ARE KATARA/SOKKA WHITE ? Come on ! There ca n't possibly even BE a reason to have only one race in the main characters other than the people who made casting decisions are scared of brown skin . Come ON ! The water tribe 's coloring is so cool , and they ruined it!In summary , watch the cartoon , or else watch the magic bits of the movie and sort of squint through all of the parts where they 've bleached everyone . And plug your ears if anyone is talking . ** terrible acting , as covered in the other reviews .
 This movie is gross but the effects were decent ` ish and missing KEY elements of the main story . How in the world any sequels will be made if some of the most known charaters are n't introduced . The main thing that ticked me over was the missing `` sexy '' Kyoshi Warriors . How did Sokka meet Suki ? -LRB- SKIP -RRB- I think I may have fell asleep during the rest of the film -LRB- I do n't remember paying for it -RRB- . Therefore M. Knight Sha . . whatever robbed the rest of you guys and you should find some pitchforks and fire for that !!! Another thing that some of you pointed out . What 's up with uncle Iroh ? On the cartoon he 's short and chubby . The movie , tall , handsome -LRB- no homo -RRB- , and skinny ! It 's like the director found this guy walking down the street , not thinking about anything , drunk or whatever , and pointed to him ... `` YOU !!! Uncle Iroh !!! '' and then puked on the sidewalk stairs.One more thing I 'd like to point out is the character name pronounciations and movie length ... need I say more -LRB- OOng !! -RRB- The reason I gave this disappointing movie another star is because of the barish effects ...
 Terrible !! I nearly fell asleep !! After watching a few episodes of the tv show , which was well-written and entertaining , i decided to watch the movie with my younger brother . As the movie went on , i found myself yearning for an excuse to leave . The acting was bland and colorless , and the actors all acted as though the after effect of they 're recent lobotomy jobs had not yet worn off . They 're eyes were constantly glazed , and they 're emotions were stiff and unconvincing . The only part of this movie that actually evoked some emotion in me was when the fish died , and the one thing that prevented me from falling asleep completely was the special effects , which were reasonably good and entertained my little brother .
 Over the past several years M. Night Shaymalan has , without a doubt , been getting worse and worse with his creative juices . We 've seen this in `` The Happening . '' I of course am a fan of the child series Avatar
 I thought the graphics were good . . the story line was OK . . but when you miss pronounce the names of the characters . . every time you hear the name is just grates on my ears . . I think this movie would have done a WHOLE lot better if the people making the movie stuck with saying the names like the cartoon . It seems like that 's the biggest problem they had . Maybe they 'll figure this out -LRB- if they want to make good money -RRB- and have everyone say the names like the cartoon .
 First off I would say the movie suffered the most from its running time , it just jumps from one event to the other with no room for natural flow or any character development -LRB- which I am not sure any of the actors would have been able to pull off anyway -RRB- . I mean the changes made by the Director are all for the worse , the fight scenes are uninteresting and not exciting even if some of the effects are ok , the acting is wooden -LRB- though most of the blame goes again to the script -RRB- , and any fun and depth the cartoon had was stripped away . The movie is too serious but never even manages to feel epic or emotional , the script is awful . But again I feel it all gets magnified by how rushed everything is . So it is a amazingly unbelievable that the home video version lacks any extended cut , so no redemption for this poor excuse of adaptation . I do hope they make more of these movies , the next 2 books in the cartoon are much better , I just hope they let someone else do it . I do not hate the director , some of his stuff I like , some I do not , but in this instance I feel like it is my obligation like community service or the day 's good deed to warn you , this is a bad movie . To be fair I am sure kids will still like it but again the script is too serious to even make it a good children 's movie .
 After becoming a fan of the television series I was very excited to see the live-action adaptation . As one can see from most other reviews , this was a horrible attempt to bring a great television series to the theaters . How the creators of the television show could agree to this mangling is a wonder . I understand that not everything from the show could make it into the film , but why change 90 % of the storyline and key elements . The show was widely popular among numerous age groups for a reason . A good rule to follow
 I love the show . It 's my favorite on Nick and I 'm 25 ! Seriously . This movie sucked.The bad : Mispronunciations of character names.Cast was all wrong look-wise not acting wise.The tone of the whole movie was depressing . Where are the happy funny moments ? Sokka is cheesy and Hilarious!The movement of the benders were wrong!basically , it was 99.9 % badThe Good : The 3d effects . They were the only good thing in this filmI truly believe that those not following the show would be totally confused by this story line . I do n't think it 's possible to cram 1 whole season into 1 movie and get all the details you need . If the movie had been split into two , it might have had a chance . This was so not worth the money .
 Well , the Last Airbender TV series is probably one of the best made for TV animation I 've seen to date . For that exact reason , true my expectations were high . But even without that , this movie was still a disappointment . First , the acting is just terrible . Second , the plot is fragmented and story 's just too bastardized . Even if someone did n't see the excellent TV series , I feel that anyone will be disappointed with the result . This movie just is n't well made . Only good thing about the movie is the special effects . Somebody should remake this movie ... properly . It deserves better than this .
 Bad acting . No tension . Broken Story . No laughter or comedy . Seriously , was every actor in this either constipated or on the verge of crying ? I watched the cartoons with my kid and they turned out to be some of the best stories I 've seen in some time . Skip the movie , watch the cartoons .
 I 'd heard nothing but bad things about The Last Airbender over the last couple of months . Most of it was feedback from fans of the animated series , who went off about tons of changes made to characters , no matter how minor they were . Ethnicity , pronunciations of names , the color of their outfits , everything . I have only seen a few episodes of the Avatar series , and liked what I saw , but never had the time to watch it in its entirety , so more or less , I went into this not knowing anything about the source material . At the same time , M. Night Shyamalan sure has n't had any good movies under his belt for the last 6-7 years , so I was already doubtful . Well , I thought I had my picks for the worst movies I 'd seen all year , but watching The Last Airbender , I might have to reorganize my list , because this sure as hell is in the top 3 . Again , this is not a review from a fan of the series , so there is n't any bias . But this - is - pretty awful , and knowing that they tried to cram 20 episodes of the series into one movie just makes me wonder what they were thinking releasing the movie as it was.The basic plot summary is that there 's a boy named Aang , more or less a messiah who has been missing from the world for a century . There are four different tribes on earth , each controlling one of the main elements
 After reading countless reviews and after finally seeing the movie for myself , I have to say I 'm a little disappointed overall . Not with all the petty things like mispronunciations of the characters names or bad 3D effects , etc. . . but the fact that the director totally missed the heart and soul of the whole series . And that 's in the story and characters themselves . Like others have already said before , we ca n't expect to fit an entire season into an hour and a half film . This is true . But as a fan of the series , i 'm watching this movie and realizing how lifeless the actors are . How bland the story is and how fast the story is moving along . Noah Ringer who portrays Aang , i 'm sure over time with a little guidance will become a great actor someday . However , I have to say that I never felt the animated Aang 's presence throughout the entire film . I 'm a big fan of Aang , just as an overall character . He makes the show great being this naive kid with this big heart and always ready for fun . And same goes for Sokka 's character . Since when was he the `` so-serious-all-the-time '' type ? There were so many times watching the show I would just fall out on the floor watching Sokka and his craziness . In the film his humor was very ... eh . And I find myself like many others , really only liking Uncle Iroh 's character in the movie . I actually liked him in the film , but in the cartoon , he is truly a classic . Funniest and the most humble old man around , but will beat a whole army down if he needs too . As far as the story goes in the movie , yes yes yes ... hard to fit all of that into a single movie . But if you 're going to do the series justice , then draw it out . Yes , bring into this movie all the details and characters that the fans love . Bring in parts of the story that had an impact on us during the season . Show the interactions with all the other great characters along their long journey . That 's what makes the cartoon so memorable . Not to mention , the way they told each story -LRB- episode -RRB- was just incredible . And how in later episodes characters that were met along the way , or actions that were taken , always seem to tie in with the story and hits you later and you have that `` OOOOOH YEAH ! I remember that from that last episode way back ! '' I 'm not sure what to expect for the next film , I guess we 'll all have to see and hope we get lucky . If not , no biggie , I can watch the cartoon series a million times and not get tired of it . Whoever the director may be for the next movie ... be it M. Night Shyamalan -LRB- yikes -RRB- or another ... please take a little time to do the full on research about the rest of the series , put together a product you think everyone -LRB- and I mean EVERYONE , including the fans please -RRB- will like , and you ca n't go wrong ! Thanks in advance .
 We really wanted to like this movie . The acting was so bad , I could n't believe that M. Night Shamaylan was the director . The acting was LAME . The story had potential , but the movie was very was disappointing .
 If you have not watched the series , buy this movie . If you have watched the series , do not buy this movie . It does not follow the series well . Pronunciations of names are wrong and hard to listen to -LRB- most notibly the main character 's -RRB- . The coloring save during fire bending was earth toned and probably will not appeal to younger children , though 6 - 10 should be okay with it . To imagine the 3D version could have made this movie better of at least more than it is would be a mistake . It was a rushed and very short film , lacking the humor that the series was known for .
 Everything that could go wrong went wrong in making Airbender . The casting was bad , the acting was awful , the directing was horrendous , the dialogue was terrible , the story telling was embarrassing , the pacing was wrong , nothing made sense , and the special effects were n't not any more impressive than those found in a good video game.I 've seen some bad movies in my day -LRB- thanks Syfy Channel -RRB- , but this may be the worst movie I 've ever seen.One positive about the DVD
 If you want to know what this Last Airbender thing is , go watch the original TV show and skip the movie . The movie is nothing compared to the TV show . In fact , the movie is sub-standard compared to the amazing wit , humor , and character-building in the show . The TV show is rich in details , characters , story-line , plots , love-interests , family problems , situational problems , villains -LRB- who may not be as bad as they seem ! -RRB- , and friends . The movie develops NONE of this . The movie glosses over details , leaves out important characters , and does not develop characters enough to make you care about them or what happens to them -LRB- beyond that they are the main characters , so you probably are supposed to care -RRB- . M. N. S. 's ruined it for me , my friends , and family . I 'll bet you that your kids will love the TV show and not really enjoy the movie that much.On my Christmas Wish List ? The original TV show . Go check it out .
 Yeah , another reviewer complaining about this movie.I understand how difficult it can be adapting a movie from different source material , especially when you have a lot of it.Let 's take a look at a movie like Jurassic Park , it took the premise of the book and made it something completely different but it was still enjoyable . Yes the book was better , but we saw amazing dinosaurs , the movie made them amazing and we were entertained and thrilled.Here we have a cartoon that spanned 3 seasons and a great storyline.I do n't expect a movie to be able to cover all the material as there were a lot of episodes , but not only was the tone of the cartoon which had a lot of humor and coming of age issues changed , personality with the characters were lost entirely.It 's one thing to change the personality and we can argue about that , but the problem was THERE WAS NO PERSONALITY.If he had been smart , Shyamalan could have done the first part of Book 1 for water -LRB- leaving the Battle at the Northern Water Tribe for a sequel -RRB- and established , CHARACTERIZATION , made even more at the box office and justified a very good reason to instead of having the green light of 3 movies up to 6 films.Many times I was left confused as to what was going on , even though I watched the cartoon series.One of my biggest beefs with the film is that I know there is a lot to tell but they relay this information in the most boring way possible . A good example is when Sokka meets the Princess and asks about her hair . We could have had a flashback or something that showed this amazing occurrence . I mean , her hair is WHITE and there 's a story behind it ! Would n't you WANT to see it ? Instead she read her lines , like she had to complete an essay for her school project . In fact , while she 's talking about her HAIR and the impact of it , let 's just zoom in on the eyes!You know this awesome avatar warrior named Kiyoshi , hey Aang you 're related . `` She liked to play games ! '' That 's how awesome she was ... huh ? I 'm not kidding you , this was how she was explained as an awesome avatar.One other odd thing bothered me is Shyamalan 's ego was very present in the Fire Nation . They all looked like clones of him . You could have switched the actors for Ozai - who is supposed to be this intimidating villain who is also Zuko 's father who can easily switch places for the guy who is supposed to be the `` slimy politician '' . You do n't feel a real threat , you feel like you 're in the Afterschool version of the Fantasy Oriented `` White House '' . They all looked alike , no real scope of characterization or design in this movie.With the exception of Clone Wars ... I mean Fire Nation . The casting was so haphazard and random . We got a random Black looking dude as a Monk . Some White people who are supposed to look related to their nation brother and sisters which are ASIAN in the background ... wut ? Some guy who did n't look related to his sister , but rather he looked related to a reptile or amphibian that was ready to lash his tongue out and catch a fly -LRB- Yes , I 'm talking about Sokka 's actor ! -RRB- . The leader of the Southern Water tribe looked like they snagged him off the Harry Potter set and threw him in blue clothes , and looking severely out of place with the other characters . Iroh with his strong Iranian accent is related to the Fire Nation ? huh?The fight scenes were shot in a boring manner possible . In fact , I felt like I was watching a Universal Studios on stage performance . The cinematography was canned . I just felt claustrophobic and boxed in instead of being shown large and lush nations . In fact , you may was well put the various nations in an Apartment Complex and shot it that way . The problem with the bending , was that the movements and the bending were n't done in conjunction . It looked like someone put out a dance move from Billy Banks Tae Bo , then the effect came later . It made the effects look like an afterthought . It was essentially Taekwondo spell casting without the amazing.I could go on with much more , but I wanted to note and kill any arguments in defense of changing the characters names . It 's one thing to claim to change them to sound `` more Asian '' but when your actors can not for one film use CONSISTENT pronunciation in a 2hr movie where a cartoon did it for over 60 , you have no excuse.I 've heard a long `` Ung '' for Ang to `` Ahng '' I 've heard `` ahhh-vatar '' to long A sounding `` avatar '' with various cast members in that film . So yeah , not buying that or this movie.It 's terrible and ca n't stand on its own unless you 're one of those brainless zombies that just like seeing stuff flash across your screen in the most mediocre manner possible .
 Seriously , Are you fricken kidding me ? M night shyamalama ding dong should be banned from the movie industry for making this piece of trash . This movie was so bad that half the people in the theater walked out of it . This movie actually warrants the invention of the negative stars review.Think I 'm joking?Fact
 M.Night Shyamalan used to give us kick-ass mind-benders -LRB- like Sixth Sense and Un-Breakable -RRB- , the kind of movie which makes viewers gasp towards the end because a final revelation forces them to rethink the entire movie retroactively . Bruce Willis ' character 's sudden realisation that he was dead was a milestone in cinema history , a plot-device that ended being copied in other big movies -LRB- the one which jumps out strongest is Nicole Kidman 's The Others -RRB- . This was followed by less shocking though still appreciated twist-and-turn movies like Un-Breakable -LRB- another Willis hit -RRB- , Signs and even The Village , though here there were already signs -LRB- pun yes -RRB- that Shyamalan 's craft was going to require a heavy injection of something new -LRB- the Eureka index was definitely falling -RRB- , failing which he 'd just be the guy who made movies where the camera has a tendency of lingering and the characters spend eons talking to each other -LRB- another such director is Clint Eastwood -RRB- . So what happened ? Was the lure of CGI box-office collections too strong , so strong that story-telling-and-making is thrown to the , err , air ? Because other than the fancy shots of the elements being manipulated and used as weapons , I 'm not sure what else is new/good/worthwhile about the Last Air-Bender . The acting is second - -LRB- even third - -RRB- rate ; other than Prince Zuko 's uncle , the rest look like they 're auditioning for the high-school end of year play . The plot is predictable and is so loop-holed you 'd think someone threw some fireballs at it . The ` spirituality ' ? Do n't even get me started . -LRB- In one scene , the Avatar - supposedly the incarnation of the source of harmony in the world , the One who can ` bend ' all the four elements - asks , `` Do you have a spiritual place where I can meditate ? '' - and I wanted to go , `` Down the hall , turn left , first door on the right . Please flush when you 're done . '' -RRB- And , most disappointly of all , I repeat
 With all the hype since the first teaser trailer , I could understand why fans were excited about it 's release . I get the same feeling when I see previews for the Harry Potter films or a comic book movie . It 's like when you 're a kid and you wait for Christmas morning and hope you got the things that you 've been hoping for . But what if that morning you get a big pile of crap . This is exactly how I felt when I saw the movie . On my Christmas morning I woke up , opened my present and saw that someone gave me a big pile of crap , and I thought ... why ? how ? and wth ? And people who seem to love or like this movie are ok with receiving a big pile of crap because , `` hey , it 's the thought that counts . Oh , and at least the wrapping was nice . `` I 'm not a big fan of the show like other people , nor have I seen all of the episodes , but from the few episodes that I 've seen I knew what to expect , or at least should have expected . You can easily say that you ca n't expect someone to take a whole season and cram the whole story into a movie , but there is no excuse to slaughter a film this bad . With adaptations like the Harry Potter series , The Dark Knight , Coraline , Precious -LRB- aka Push -RRB- and so many others , how can someone take something that 's already there and form it into something that is such an atrocity to it 's source.Even if the movie was not based on any show and was just a regular film that came out , it 's still just a horrible movie . There was no chemistry between the characters , there was no connection between myself or the characters , I had no emotion for anything that was going on . The action was so boring with battles pausing because there was a moon glowing , or a tide over the horizon of a wall where someone could have literally walked with a knife and stab each person that was distracted . It took so long for someone to bend a ball of water or a gust of wind that I would have rather just seen a regular fight seen . Anyone who says they loved the special affects were not paying attention . When Katara is bending water at the beginning of the movie , you see the ball of water fall and apparently fall on her brother Sokka -LRB- so-ka in the movie -RRB- off screen . When he gets up , he 's not wet . Or when momo , who was so pointless in the movie , is climbing on Aang 's -LRB- ung in the movie -RRB- shoulder , where is Aang looking ? And momo does not look like he has any weight or effect on what he 's touching on Aang . There were so many things that were pointless , wrong , absurd , uneventful , and just plain stupid.M . Night definitely ruined something that could have been amazing . He should just sell his script to high school drama clubs because that 's the kind of acting it deserves . And he should just do what Kanye did and disappear . Maybe he 'll come back with something as good as his earlier work . Or was this his last chance ?
 Before I begin this assault on every other nasty aspect of this terrible waste of time , let me state a few things I actually liked
 Wow , does this movie stink . I 've never seen the cartoon series , so I ca n't compare the two , but I do know when I 'm bored and confused in a movie . The plot made little sense , rushing from one scene to the next without any comprehensible progression in the story line . Literally the only two sequences that make any sense at all are the first and the last . Everything between is just jumbled nonsense . The acting is worse still , with hardly any characterization or personality to distinguish one person from the next . I 'm having a difficult time believing that M.N. Shyamalan really produced this fiasco . Is it true ? Is he hooked on drugs , or what?Incidentially , my 8 yr old neice , who has watched the animated series -LRB- and assures me that it is excellent -RRB- hated this bomb , too . In fact , she asked me if we could leave half-way through it ; so there 's another detraction , it even fails as a kid 's movie . Stay away from this one .
 It 's hard not to compare the movie to the show . The show was sooo good , I had to see the movie . However I was extremely disappointed with the movie . The acting was terrible , the story was ruined , the effects were n't as good as I expected them to be , and they kept pronouncing the names weird . I 'm glad I did n't have to pay to watch it . It would have been a waste of money . Shamalayn -LRB- I do n't care how it 's spelled -RRB- completely destroyed the my dreams of watching a good avatar movie . Do n't waste your hard earned money on this .
 I hated it once I saw the cast and then once everyone started actually speaking I felt even more disgusted . I can not possibly believe that anyone who ever saw the TV series would produce a movie to monstrosity . The cast is nothing like the movie , the script is atrocious . This movie resembles the TV series in name only .
 Now to start this review off i am a fan of the show . So when i heard about the movie i thought sweet ! I rented it and watched it . It was a horrible movie and i wish never watched or rented it ! NEVER SEE THIS MOVIE ! M night took the series and made it into a horrible movie ! The acting was awful i have seen better acting in a raw fish then this movie . Dave Pattele who played Zuko was the only good actor and i am not really a fan of him ! It was not true to the story nor did they prenounce the names right ! It was too damn fast too . Watch the cartoon instead !
 Crayola 3D sidewalk chalk was WAY better than the 3D for Last Airbender . This was THE WORST 3D we have seen yet .
 Purchased 3d version from BB . The included 2D version is excellent . Do n't waste your additional money on the 3d version . Minimal 3d effects that add little or nothing to this dvd .
 This movie had so , so much potential to be good . Unfortunately , it fails not only to live up to the expectations of fans of the series , but also fails to stand on its own as a standalone film . I actually rather like M. Night Shymalan 's movies , even the ones that most people hated like `` Lady in the Water '' and `` The Village '' . From beginning to end , however , this movie was just plain awful.My biggest problem with this movie is simply that Mr. Shyamalan took an entire season of a very well fleshed-out and developed series , set in a world that does n't work quite like the real one , with what are very complicated cultural and political structures going on , and tried to jam it into less than two hours of time . The result is film with a barely-coherent story , dialogue that is composed almost entirely of exposition , and not enough time spent with any of the characters to care what happens to them . Had I not seen the series this movie was based upon , this movie would have seemed like a string of completely unrelated events . Having seen the series and being a fan , it was painful to see vibrant and well-developed characters reduced to blank-stared , in-story narrators.Even the visual effects and action scenes fell short for me . In an attempt to showcase the element-bending effects , the battle scenes featured heavy use of slow-motion . Rather than make the bending more impressive , it just sucked every last bit of excitement out of the action . A movie with nature-element superpowers and lots of nifty martial-arts type moves should not come off feeling sluggish . I wonder how much time would have been shaved off from the overall length of the film had they run the battles at normal speed.The acting was painful , although I 'm not sure I can fault the actors . When most of your dialogue is narration , there is n't much you can do with that . The only character that did n't come off as awkward and stilted in his delivery was Dev Patel as Prince Zuko . Zuko was the only character that really got any attention in the script to his background or personality . Unfortunately , one decently-portrayed character had no chance of salvaging this disaster of a movie.I really can look past the usual complaints about this movie regarding casting the main protagonists as Caucasian , while casting Fire Nation antagonists as primarily actors with Indian or Middle-Eastern appearances -LRB- I expect that predictable sort of shennanigans from Hollywood , really -RRB- , and I do n't care about the changes in name pronunciations -LRB- although I do n't think the argument that `` that would be the proper pronunciation in most Asian languages '' is particularly convincing considering that in this adaptation the characters whose names were affected are decidedly not Asian -RRB- . For me , this movie failed in story , in dialogue , in pace , and in visuals . As many others have said , check out the animated series , and let 's all try to forget that this movie ever happened .
 You know , I really wanted to like this movie . I read the other reviews and thought `` These are written by people who 've been watching the cartoon series for years ... that 's why they do n't like the movie ! `` Never having watched the cartoon series , I thought I 'd really like this movie . But I was wrong . This movie has great special effects and a great concept behind it . However , it 's the SCRIPT that sucks . There is pretty much no character development , and the emotions the characters DO express seem to come out of the blue , are melodramatic and well , they just do n't seem to FIT . The dialogue is just so awkward.I give this movie 2 stars for the basic concept of it and the special effects . It was n't a TOTAL waste of time ... but it was pretty bad .
 Most of the movie is in 2D . The 3D parts are so unpronounced that you can watch them without the glasses and notice little to no distortion . If you liked the movie , just get it in 2D . It 's more of a hassle wearing the glasses and paying the extra money for the 3D than it 's worth . Had I have been able to give it 1/2 a star , I would have .
 This movie got me interested in the Last Airbender . After watching the movie , I watched the cartoon series . The cartoons are way better and more interesting . After I watched the entire cartoon series , I went back and watched this . I could n't stand it . There are so many differences . The only thing that kept me interested was the bending effects in the movie . Nothing better than that .
 My family and I watched all the Nickelodeon episodes . Loved them . We knew this one was going to be bad but we thought we would give it a chance . Simply awful . Mispronounced names , even the creators called the main character Aang not Ong and Soe-kuh ... why not Socka like the creators say . Unbelievable that so many simple things could have at least been done right . The air bending , fire bending effects are like slo motion but not in a good sense . The acting is so horrible my 6 year old and 4 year old were laughing . Jackson Rathbone almost does ok , but is just sucked down the vortex of this wrongly executed film . Did M. Night not even watch the original shows?I can honestly say , even to fans , do n't bother . Just watch the animated versions again and enjoy . Seriously , do n't even bother , you will wish you had n't .
 If you 've never seen the show this is based on , you will be completely lost . Skip this film and watch the show , and if you 've already seen the show , watch it again -LRB- and still skip the movie -RRB- .
 Usually I would n't bother reviewing something that I did not find some sort of enjoyment in , but I noticed that The Last Airbender was averaging two and a half stars and that 's just plain misleading to the potential victims -- I mean customers . This movie is every bit as terrible as you have heard . If you have spent any fraction of your life watching this , I 'm sorry.The cartoon this was based on , Avatar
 It 's sad , indeed , that the creators of this movie did n't take the time & care to PRESENT a film with GREAT 3-D effects!They could have taken this movie quite far with all the water , fire scenes.BOTTOM LINE
 HORRIBLE.Oh dear god , I saw this years ago and my eyes are still in pain . I would n't recommend this movie in countries that outlaw torture .
 No real fan of the animated series would expect a movie to do justice to the whole first season . Shyamalan 's effort misses by more than anyone could excuse on the basis of time constraints , limitations of live action effects , or any other imaginable excuse . One might excuse the removal of all humorous elements ; they were n't the best parts of the series anyway . But the animated series managed to create an ` epic ' feel in each episode ; the movie contains less action , less character development , less STORY than any single episode of the series . The deleted scenes , collectively , actually contained more character development than the movie.I actually did n't mind that the names of central characters were modified -LRB- Ong the Ovvatar , Soaka , Eeroh -RRB- . But the removal of the racial identity of each of the tribes -LRB- except the South Asian Fire Nation -RRB- was a serious injury to the feel of the story . The Water Tribe did n't feel like Inuit ; the Air Nomads could n't even be imagined as Tibetan . They just felt like Central Casting clones.Very good performances of Iroh and Zuko . Not bad of Aang , Sokka , and Katara . Ozai was good in the deleted scenes -LRB- he hardly came into the movie itself at all -RRB- . I really hope the next two movies will do less violence to the original series . A different director and producer might be a good start .
 I know that the director ca n't possibly fit everything into a movie from a series but at least they could put in some of the best fight scenes . I 've watched the entire series and I 'm very unimpressed with the content of the movie . The movie just ca n't grab my attention long enough to want to pay attention . When the series came out on netflix I sat down and watched the entire series in 2 days . I waited a long time for this movie to come out and I 'm so disappointed . I really hope that they do n't do any of the others . Please leave this amazing children series alone .
 Why is Hollywood obsessed with the ` remake ' ? Just because you like something , does not mean you need to remake it in your image . Sometimes a thing is good enough in its original form . Avatar is a great story , but this is not a great movie . Give it a pass and go find the original animated series .
 Do n't watch this movie.Seriously , watch the cartoon . If you have n't seen the cartoon before , you are in for a treat . If you have , watching this movie will just make you sad , so just watch the cartoon again.Even if you approach this movie with drastically lowered expectations , you will probably be disappointing . It 's not surprising that Shyamalan dropped many the the details that made the cartoon so great . What is surprising , unless you 're familiar with Shyamalan 's recent track record , is just how many ways this movie fails.Don ' t watch this movie .
 i personally am a huge fan of the show , i love all of the characthers , the plot , etc. the movie itself isnt all that bad because u have to think , this was set out for little kids , not teenagers that have watched the show since i think 2007 . if your a person that hasnt never seen the show and u have a kid , it would be good for them . they have cutsey parts , and its not that hard to follow.but if u have seen the shows and are a fan like me , then u will hate this movie . for one thing like another review said . they didnt have alot of characters like the show did . cut out alot of stuff from the 1st season . the actors dont pertray like the real characters . i prob wont watch it again as a fan thing , but i might with my lil sis . overall its not that bad for kids . but if ur fan dont buy , it u will hate it . i personally am dissapointed in the idiot who directed this .
 This is just about as bad as those stupid `` Twilight '' movies ! Ughhh ! The first `` Twilight '' film was OK but the sequel was bile . And this one ranks right up there with it . Jackson Rathbone -LRB- who co-stars in the `` Twilight '' films -RRB- purely got this job just because he could say the sister 's name -LRB- Hitara , I think -RRB- just like the annoyingly-dubbed voice in the cartoon . In fact , the most annoying thing about this film was the acting and voices that were so similar to the annoying cartoon . The story itself -- as well as the action -- is interesting but the acting is horrid . I mean , c'mon ! Aasif Mandvi ... . from the `` The Daily Show '' ... as a villain !?!?!? SERIOUSLY !?!?!? I could n't buy it ! And the lead , Noah Ringer , was just not a good actor . Interesting that a story about Asian characters are played by caucasian actors . Oh well . I like M. Night , even his poorly-ratedLady in the Water -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- andThe Happeningbut this one is truly a stinker .
 No . Do not buy this movie ! M Night Shyamalan does not seem to understand that there is a difference between an homage and a turd , and that there 's an even bigger difference between creative freedom and hocking a big juicy loogie on the original . This movie will leave a bitter taste in the mouth of any ATLA fan , and for those who do n't know the series , it 's still a pretty bad film . While there are some pretty decent special effects , it 's not enough to save this movie ; not even close . The acting , the dialogue , and the casting are so off it 's almost funny . I wanted to laugh at the `` bending '' that Shyamalan attempted to recreate for us , but I could only grimace . Now I know this movie already has enough hate as it is , so I 'll try to keep this short . I could not , for the life of me , sit through this movie . I rented it from the DVD machine at my university to see what all the fuss was about , but now I wish I had n't . I mean , this movie is a joke ! I would n't mind so much if it was n't for the fact that so many people are to be introduced to the series this way . If you 've seen the movie and it 's turned you off of the series , please reconsider ! The show is spectacular , and fans are banding together to defend it now that M Night 's little project has done its damage . The movie is completely different ; it leaves out way too much and adds way too much at the same time . As I said before , it 's not the kind of creative freedom or unique adaptation fans hoped for . While my expectations were low to begin with , I was sorely disappointed with this film . Just do n't watch it if ya know what 's good for ya . As M Night has hopefully learned from all this , the road to cinematic cat diarrhea is paved with good intentions .
 No matter how bad M. Night Shyamalan has disappointed us in the past , we seem to continue to have high hopes for every movie he releases , as if it will once again astound us the wayThe Sixth Sense , Unbreakable , Signs , andThe Villagedid . But alas , that has yet to come to pass.One of the main things I heard about this movie before I saw it was that it was boring . That did n't bother me . I have seen movies that were really boring for the most part , but still had a great finish and left you satisfied . So I went in with low expectations , but high hopes . Well , it was boring . And the reason that it was boring was because it was so very poorly acted . Everyone seemed so emotionless and robotic . The lines were spoken , but the emotions were lacking or wrong . The wrong words in a line were emphasized , and you knew that because you could tell from the line what the emotion was supposed to be , yet the actor was acting out a completely opposite emotion . I will say thatSlumdog Millionaire 's Dev Patel did a decent job , but even he could have done more with the character than what we saw.At first , I thought that maybe the movie was just poorly written , but in listening to the words , the script could be pulled off well if the actors were good . But the actors were just horrible in this film . I do n't understand what happened . Shyamalan did some amazing work with the young actors in Sixth Sense and Signs , what happened to that ability ? Where was his focus in this film?Other than the acting , the film had good effects and fun fight scenes . But the movie was slow and anti-climatic . The film had awesome potential , but it was just so poorly crafted . I would say that this movie was really not even worth seeing once ... well , maybe if it was free ... and it was really late at night ... because everything is better late at night ... and we do n't know why ... but that 's the only time I can really watch movies likeStrange BrewandMonty Python And The Holy Grail ... they 're so much funnier late at night ... anyways ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Let 's get some things clear
 -LRB- Avatar -RRB- The Last AirbenderDirected by
 If I could give it a lower rating I would ... I 'm a big fan of The Last Air Bender animated series ... but what was done to the series in the movies should e considered a crime ... Shyamalan should be beaten with a stick .
 Two siblings find a boy frozen in ice and discovers that he is the avatar : the one person that can master all four elements.They race around the world to help him learn all the elements before time runs out.Seeing this as an Avatar : the last airbender series fan it was heart wrenching , literally.The whole entire movie I was in pain from the start of the movie to the end and I had to force myself from getting up and leaving.Let 's start from square one.The series was a comedy-action tv show.The movie was not.It was dark and even the attempts at comedy was horrendous.The plot did n't go along with the series and he made a lot -LRB- M Night Shyamalan -RRB- of changes.Don ' t get me wrong , he had a good plot line going but it was cut short by several things.The acting was horrible played by unknown actors.They always had the same blank look on their face even when the part called for an emotional scene.It was like watching clones of Nicholas Cage -LRB- no offense -RRB- . He should have worked with the actors put them through ACTING SCHOOL then sent them out.One of the most irritating things was that they pronounce Aang 's -LRB- the main hero -RRB- name wrong.They kept saying Oong instead of his name Aang.Also , do n't include a character and not use them for several scenes.I swear MoMo -LRB- the flying lemur/monkey pet -RRB- was gone for most of the movie and randomly showed up at the end.I want to use this analogy for this movie : it 's like when you get in the pool you test the waters first before you dive right in.Instead of testing the waters first , he dove right in making one of the worst movies of all time.It was his first time with a children 's film.I believe he should have made his own children 's movie first and see how it fared not take on one of the most popular children 's cartoon and completely destroy it.I sincerely hope in the later future that they will re-make this movie.Overall M Night Shyamalan should stick to horror films , that 's it.Do you see Steven King trying to make one book of happiness?No.Ratings 1.0 / 5.0 Pros : Good Plot twistsCons : Horrible actingToo much change in movieNames pronounced wrongHorrible directingNo emotionsNon-believable actionLose of characters
 This film was , in a word , terrible . A horrible warping of the creators ' original vision . Essentially , Shamwow -LRB- I 'm not even gon na SAY his real name -RRB- turns this exciting , colorful adventure with fun , complex characters into a TWILIGHT rip off that 's boring and bland , with dull , winey characters . It hurts just to talk about this thoughtless retread of season one . If you are a true-blue AVATAR fan then BUY SOMTHING ELSE !
 Have you ever seen a film so terrible that you felt robbed ? So terrible that you felt as if the movie makers owe YOU money ? The Last Airbender is a prime example of that sort of film . Rife with wooden actors , terrible storytelling , shoddy editing and overall disingenuousness , M. Night Shyamalan 's latest foray into the moviemaking industry is abysmally feeble.To be fair , Shyamalan had large boots to fill ; TLA 's source material , the Nickelodeon cartoon Avatar
 Given the source material , it could have been as good as Lord of the Rings , Harry Potter , Star Trek.MNS is DONE !
 I gave this movie as many free passes as possible due to my deep appreciation for the cartoon series . As a long time Science fiction/fantasy fan , I would have grown to love the cartoon even if I did n't have two daughters who introduced me to it.I know movie adaptations ca n't be purely faithful to source material and if the movie is done well I generally do n't care . Coraline , for example - good movie , but different from the book - both are in my opinion quite good.I decided not to care about the odd racial casting changes , the name pronunciation changes and the story line compression because I felt that these would not mean that the movie would therefore be bad , or even a travesty of what the original is.But bad acting , direction AND script ? And horrible characterizations ? What the hell was M Knight thinking when he cast Zhao and Ozai ? Did he ever even watch them on screen ? Both of them were pissant men who really were more annoying than menacing.My suggestion to M Knight is to get the original voice actors to over dub the movie so that at least the poorly written and directed movie will be acted well . Dante Basco as Zuko evokes all the appropriate emotions in the audience ... Dev Patel just looked like he was having a bad day.A lot of haters say do n't watch it ... but I say ... go on and watch it . It 's a funny movie . I laughed my way through at least 45 minutes worth of bad line delivery .
 As someone who is very much into spiritualism and the concept of metaphysical energy , I had such high hopes for this movie . Unfortunately , I was EXTREMELY disappointed . Although the Computer Graphic Imaging was fantastic , the movie itself ran seriously short in story-line , acting , drama , etc. . There was NOTHING except CGI . On top of all that , it ended abruptly with an `` unfinished '' feel , obviously to hang you out waiting for part 2 and possibly part 3 . With all that said , you will find the basic story-line below . Although it could have been enough to build a good movie around , it just did n't . I almost felt cheated having gone , not so much for the $ 11.00 but for the waste of my time.The movie takes place somewhere in a frozen land , I am assuming it is Tibet , high in the mountains and arctic area . Beginning in a frozen land , we touch on the concepts of the elements of Air , Earth , Water , and Fire . -LRB- Possibly , a little pre-info blog here in the movie about energy might have helped . -RRB- The movie explains that the Avatar was the ONLY one who could control ALL 4 elements and also the ONLY one who could talk to the Spirits -LRB- of the Spirit World -RRB- . The last airbender disappeared about 100 years ago -LRB- and is a reincarnation of himself over the years -RRB- . In a place where all the fathers have gone off to war , only the children and elderly are left in the village . As Katara -LRB- female -RRB- and Soka -LRB- male -RRB- -LRB- brother and sister , each about 18 years old -RRB- talk , they start playing with the frozen ice and find that it is glowing . A sphere of ice emerges and Katara is compelled to bang on it . It bursts a column of light vertically up to the sky and opens to reveal a young boy -LRB- shaved head with symbolic tattoos on him -RRB- and a large animal that looks big and fuzzy and flies . Unfortunately , the `` bad guys '' see the column of light and take off after it.The `` bad guys '' are the Fire Nation . Over the years , we have 4 different societies that have built up in little contained villages . We have The Fire Nation , who seek to use the Fire element to control others and the entire earth planet . They seem to have gone through and weeded out those who can control an element and sequestered them into certain villages and are slowly waging war across the earth area . So far , they have only taken over small areas but are moving toward the larger ones . We also have a group that controls the Water element , and a group that controls the Earth . Our Last Airbender was studying with the Monks when he ran off without finishing his training and somehow became trapped in the ice for 100 years . Meanwhile , all the Monks were killed by the Fire Nation . Avatar learned Air bending but still has to master Earth , Water and Fire bending . -LRB- Remember , he is the only one who will be able to do all 4 . -RRB- The Fire Nation is still looking for the Avatar , not to kill him -LRB- because he will just reincarnate -RRB- but to use him to control others.Prince Suko is the legal heir to the throne of the Fire Nation , but the King -LRB- his daddy -RRB- burned his face with the fire and banished him for being `` weak '' -LRB- nice guy , huh -RRB- . He said he could not come back until he brought the Avatar in . So , the Prince is after the Avatar . Katara and Soka travel with the Avatar to look after him . Katara is the most powerful water bender left so she tries to train him . He must learn Air , Water , Earth and Fire in that order and proceeds on a journey to the villages to learn how to master the remaining elements.Like many Tibetan Monks , the Avatar is capable of going into deep meditation and he also contacts his Dragon for advice in these states . He also finds that he must release his emotions and let them flow through him -LRB- like water flows -RRB- , in order to master the Water Element.Please understand that I REALLY expected to love this movie . It is based on good metaphysical concepts , but it did not present them in a way that would capture the interest of the audience . I am sorry to have to write this bad review but I hate to see you spend a lot of money to take your family to the theater plus snacks .
 what . . a. . . crappy movie ... I love movies . I even love some crappy movies , but this just plain sucked . The main character was not relatable at all . Oh well they can make up for it by a great supporting cast like the dude from slum-dog millionaire ? BALY HIIGHHH-RAAALLFF -LRB- throwing up sound -RRB- . All they had to do was throw in a little Steve Gutenberg and a dash of M.C. Hammer and it would have been the worst casting ever.lets see . Redeeming points : well ... it was nice when it ended . does that count?Negatives : everything .
 This entire movie disgusted me . They mispronounce the names , change the personalities , bastardize the plot , suck out all of the humor , and take away every single thing that made the show great.At least with the show you could actually believe that these were KIDS you were watching , which was the point . This movie made everything dark and broody , and made bending just look silly . I wonder if M. Night even bothered to watch the show in the first place . From what I heard all he did was have his daughter tell him about it after she dressed up like Katara for Halloween . Great.I was really excited when I heard this was coming out , but it just wound up being disappointing . Seriously , do n't bother buying it . It 'll only encourage them to make the sequels .
 2 words for this movie IT SUCKED . boring action , boring story and awfull casting . Im not to fimiliar with the cartoon but im quite sure its not this bad , definitly deserves a reboot with better casting , better story and better director . Do not waste your money like i did .
 A cataclysm of awfulness . I do n't even know where to begin on this awful movie . The dialogue and acting is a failure on every level , not only failing to keep you engaged , but also failing to make sense at times . The story is comprised of major events from the Avatar TV show , the problem being that the show had 20 episodes to develop itself and the movie has just under two hours . The movie 's one possible saving grace would have been the effects , but even those are just average.The only way I recommend seeing the film is with the genius comedy of MST3K stars Mike Nelson , Kevin Murphy , and Bill Corbett over at -LSB- ... -RSB- . At least then you can intentionally watch a comedy instead of unintentionally watching a train wreck .
 I 'll admit to being a fan of the original series . However , even if I had gone into it with no knowledge of the source material , I still would be sure that this is literally the worst movie I have ever seen . The only way the audience is able to follow what is going on is through the monotone narrative of the lead female character , who does n't really seem to do much else . The acting is wooden . The dialog is extremely awkward -LRB- `` We have to show them that we believe in our beliefs as much as they believe in theirs ! '' Seriously ? And the non-logic behind the idea that the north pole is `` led by a princess , because her father died . '' Err , I 'm pretty sure that would make her the Queen -RRB- . There are extremely long shots where nothing is happening . There are sequences where the characters are talking and the camera just cuts back and forth between super close up shots of their faces . And the special effects are a joke . Obviously they ran out of budget , because half the time when the characters are `` bending '' an element , nothing is moving except for their flailing arms . There is a scene where Katara is monologuing about how much more progress she 's making at bending water than Oong , but neither of them are actually having any effect on the water , so how can they tell?I give my one star for this movie to Dev Patel and Shaun Toub . They did the best they could with what they were given.Don ' t waste any minutes of your life watching this , unless you want to see a grand example of how NOT to make a movie .
 I loved the series on Nickelodeon , and when IU heard they were making a movie about it i was super excited.That excitement turned to disappointment after i saw the movie.Trust me save your money and dont buy the movie .
 There is n't anything that I can say about this terrible movie that has n't already been ranted about . Just watch the cartoon .
 they hired all the wrong people ... producer , director , special effects company and actors in this movie ! Dont waste your time !
 If you watched the cartoon book 1 than you know how great this could have been ! First things first . Why in the heck did he change Angg name to Ung ? Did anyone involved with this even bother to watch the show first ? Now for the acting not horrible but there are better child actors out there . Unfortunately even the best actors could n't work with the horrid script m night wrote . I do n't know about anyone else but I like to watch movies where the director/writer does not force feed me info tell me once I swear I will remember . The library that 's mentioned in this movie 3 xs was mentioned once in the cartoon . But I think what hurts this movie the most is its 107min run time . The cartoon had a run time of 489min and I know some things had to be cut . The truth is this movie should have run at least 150min with a 180min directors cut . Due to the limited time many IMPORTANT elements to the story simple were not told . For instance Appa is barely mentioned in the movie but in the cartoon he is loved character . In book 2 of the cartoon Appa is taken and Angg damn near kills the people who took him because he was so upset about it . How did m night plan to show that emotion when in his movie Appa is nothing more than a means of transportation ? And then the Keoshi warriors very important characters in the show that are not even mentioned in the movie !! Why ?? With all the story M Night left on the cutting room floor there just is no supstance left to watch.do your self a favor if you thought for even 1 min you would enjoy this movie buy the animated show season 1 -LRB- book 1 -RRB- you WILL LOVE IT . and its not much more than this if at all . i think walmart has them for $ 10 per season right now .
 I normally take great pride in fashioning a useful and articulate review , but this movie just plain sucks .
 was a bit disapointed in this series actually , was a bit to try hard for my liking , rather than letting the characters grow and getting to know them it felt very rushed and well boring , sorry
 I could n't make it past the 3rd episode before I had to turn it off . The amount of laws these fake cops break during a episode is unreal . Illegal searches and seizers , extortion , etc etc. . If a law enforcement officer did 1 % of what they do on this show they would be in jail or be in a big civil law suit . If you watch this show remember it is only a TV show . In the real world they do not do this stuff and get away with it .
 This has to be the WORST COP SHOW EVER ! When the main Officer gets her ass kicked on a regular basis and yells `` do n't make me shoot you on my first day '' this is embarrassing for the real cops in BLUE . I ca n't believe a show like Third Watch gets the axe and this crap stays on ? I would not want this DVD set if they paid me to take it!Third Watch
 First off -- if no stars as a rating were available , that is what I would give this show . As some other reviewers with half a brain have noted , this is quite possibly THE WORST COP SHOW EVER . Even tho I purchased the complete first season on Amazon , the pilot episode was SO bad I could n't watch any others . Why is it so awful ? In the first 5 minutes of the show we see the ` Rookies ' -LRB- everyone looking like a GAP model -RRB- drinking & partying like total idiots , having their graduation in a bar . Then we cut to their first day on the job where they spend 90 % of their time with their guns drawn saying `` do n't make me shoot you '' . AWFUL , STUPID , HORRIBLE ! This show is an insult to anyone in law enforcement and to the public they serve . Mind you I have no problem with ` pretty actors ' doing soap opera/drama . But this show is like watching a bunch of adults run around ` playing ' cops & robbers but with real guns instead of toys . With all the great cop shows out their -LRB- the new `` Southland '' is terrific , the `` Shield '' was awesome , Patick Swazey 's last show `` The Beast '' was great -RRB- , you do n't need to waste your time on this poor excuse for entertainment .
 Not worth watching . The very peculiar it does n't even mention in the show where they are and which Police Department . Very Generic .
 I purchased this first series . I found it boring . Not great story telling . Ho hum stuff . I wo n't be buying the second season or even worse , ever watching it on TV.The writers of this series need to inject more edge of your seat excitement . However in this series it fails miserably . It just does not draw you in . The story telling is very lame and just does not grab you enough to want to watch it . I guess I got spoiled watching Blue Bloods . That series rocks .
 Yikes , I can not believe the other reviews - this movie was pretty terrible except for James Brolin who hardly appears in the movie . I found myself cringing when certain actors were about to speak . Silly script , consistent overacting by most of the actors , mood-breaking happy-a $ $ music - truly a B grade movie . For those who enjoy lampooning such things - you may enjoy it for that reason but stay away otherwise.On the positive side , the Thai scenery was pretty and the opening credit scene of coffee being made was beautifully done .
 The movie was boring , horrible effects and when you see the producers logo come out you see how bad and tacky it really is , I have seen another movie by the same production co that was just as lame . should n't be a B-movie , A C-movie . or F.
 The Black Rose is an extremely uninvolving film , due both to its unfocused script and the miscasting of Tyrone Power and Cecile Aubrey . Power is far too old to play an Oxford student who has dropped out of college . A 20 year old in the part might have made the hot-headedness of the character acceptable , but Power was 35 when he made this , and watching him behave this way simply made me think he was immature or nasty and vindictive . Cecile Aubrey is truly awful . She comes across as a child , and has no sex appeal or chemistry with Power . It 's doubly curious that she 's called `` The Black Rose '' even though she has blonde hair and a light complexion . Orson Welles has some enjoyable moments as the warlord , and Jack Hawkins is solid as the best friend . There is some nice production value , but there are no battle scenes that actually take place on screen . This is a movie in which things just happen , but not because the characters are driven to make them happen . All in all , it 's rather dull and definitely not recommended.The DVD transfer is a major disappointment . The colors are not at all vibrant , and it does n't appear that any effort was made to adjust the contrast and brightness levels properly , much less do any sort of a restoration . Since Jack Cardiff shot the film , it 's impossible to believe it would have looked so lackluster in the theater.If you want to see Power and Welles together in a much better film , try `` Prince of Foxes . '' But pass on this one .
 The sound on this Captain from Castile DVD was not what I had heard in the theatre ! Instead off the rich surround sound it was dull and muted . Very disappointing !
 Very disappointed in this one . Jack Hawkins is wonderful as always . Welles good , too . But , the girl , Aubrey , is simply terrible . I think she 's the worst leading lady that Power ever had to cope with . I would like to know who cast her in this , maybe she was Zanuck 's girl at the time ?? No acting ability , no looks . My favorite Power movies are The Razor 's Edge and Nightmare Alley .
 This a disappointing collection : `` Prince of Foxes '' . in my opinion the best of the bunch , it could have been better if not by the fatal miscasting of Wanda Hendrix . `` Blood and Sand '' , as another reviewer pointed out , should have died with Valentino . `` Captain from Castile '' although a nice looking film , it is so historically inaccurate and Cesar Romero as Cortez ! Had the casting agent done some research he could have found that the reason why Cortez was able to trick the Aztecs was because of his golden hair and golden beard , so the natives thought that he was the `` White God '' that was supposed to come . But as in most cases he went for the sterotype
 `` The Black Rose '' = stinkweed . Its unprepossessing plot is shot full of holes . The poorly drawn characters are generally unsympathetic . Consider the atrocious casting of the film 's leading roles
 I always liked Tyrone Power , but this set is nothing but a collection of `` B '' movies . Some of the scenes are too funny to be believed and , while Power is a timeless hero , these producers , writers , & directors made him look ridiculous . The only really good film is Prince of Foxes . Blood and Sand should have died with Valentino . Captain from Castile may look good , but it is sadly dated by its heroic depiction of Cortes and the stereotyped portrayal of the Aztecs as if they were rich Redskins . Ugh !
 Sometimes love of a genre can make you overlook some films ' problems that seem overwhelming to unbiased observers , so it 's worth noting my bias for epic adventures when I say that The Black Rose is still pretty dreadful by anyone 's standards . A big-budget misfire with a distinct lack of swash to its buckle and a miscast Tyrone Power playing a part he 's a good twenty years too old to get away with , there 's a promising enough plot - Power 's disinherited Saxon ` youth ' leaves England rather than serve a Norman king to find his fortune in the Far East , where he 's drawn into Kublai Khan 's plans to conquer China - but it 's quickly smothered . Desperately uninteresting characters , no battles , virtually no action but a lot of sulking and a surfeit of silly names - the hero is called Walter of Gurney and that 's just for starters - ensure that it 's the kind of film your body actively rebels against while watching , urging you to do something more useful like going to sleep instead.A decent supporting cast of British movie regulars -LRB- James Robertson Justice , Finlay Currie , Herbert Lom -RRB- try their best , though some , like Michael Rennie , barely hide their boredom at it all . Despite getting off to a truly terrible start , Jack Hawkins ' sidekick at least improves as the film goes on , which is more than can be said for leading lady Cecile Aubrey , who looks like the kind of annoyingly precious schoolgirl that makes vasectomy seem like a good idea . The less said about a horrendously badly dubbed Alfonso Bedoya the better.It 's not a total loss - Orson Welles ' genial turn as Kublai Khan 's ruthless general Bayan ` of the Hundred Eyes ' sees to that even though he has nothing to do but act genial and bemused by his English recruits . If anything , the presence of the director of Citizen Kane in the cast only acts to remind you of how shoddily made the film is . Some of the editing is surprisingly crude and awkward , with many shots matching so badly you could almost be forgiven for thinking they were shot for different films , and it 's hard to tell whether the surprisingly dreary Technicolor photography in the English scenes is by design or simply down to color fading . Even Richard Addinsell ca n't summon up any enthusiasm in his score . It 's hard not to agree when Power says `` I wish I had something more to tell you . It all ought to add up to something . '' Dire stuff.Extras on the Region 1 NTSC DVD include a featurette reuniting Power 's children , stills galleries and trailer .
 What a disappointment . After viewing the trailer , I was hoping for a fun , silly movie in the lines of Home Alone or even Dennis the Menance . Not even close ! A young boy tries to drive off all babysitters so his parents will spend more time at home . This movie plays more like a tv show . Some tired jokes played by a very weak cast with no direction . And yes , Danny Trejo is the tough babysitter in about 2 scenes . Very young children may like this , but if you are over the age of 6 , skip this one !
 The most frustrating movie , leave you keep wondering what was the big idea , and why anybody would think that watching a kid suffer is funny . Idiotic parents work so hard every night entertaining clients , that they are ready to leave their kid with anybody . He is supposed to be a good puppy and stay put , while mom and dad make money to pay for lexus and a big house . That is exactly what is wrong with the modern world . The kid learns a lesson that being bad or being good does not matter , because his parents are going to do what they want anyway . As a mother I felt frustrated , and they call this movie comedy . Spare your time , do not bother even wasting your evening on this film
 I found this movie to have no point at all . Nothing is explained at all . If you had blood then stay away . If you hate sadoistic behavior towards puppies than stay away too .
 well , at first sign it seems a very interesting movie . The story stars good , the gore is good even the actors are good . But there are a lot of problems , first of all the ending is too obvious , you can figure out really fast . Then the gore scenes are ridiculous , i mean how can a person cut off their fingers without make any expression and there is another scene when a girl is falling from the ceiling and the body explodes like a blood bomb ! , those moments are very stupid that does n't shock you that makes you laugh.Just before the end , the movie turns somehow into a musical , the good story turns senseless , stupid , obvious . i really do n't recommend to buy this movie but is worth see it , at least you learn something about japanese cuulture .
 This movie tries to be extreme and also to be intellectual . It is neither . I agree with the majority of reviews that say there was something interesting about the beginning with the suicides and the sown-together skin of the `` victims '' being left at the scene.However , no real story ever develops and interest deteriorates ever minute you watch . There is a lot of time spent on story pieces that are never shown how they fit into the main story line . My assumption is that this was purposeful done , trying to be intellectual by `` letting the audience interpret for themselves '' . It was n't `` intellectual '' . The story pieces did n't connect and the story fell apart because of it.This movie does paint a well-done dark atmosphere in the beginning which I enjoyed . The skin sewn together was a good effect similar to the stomach in the bag in Se7en . However , anything that involved blood was done as bad as I 've seen anywhere . Someone off camera throws a bucket of blood on a wall or other surroundings.I wanted to like it . It introduced elements that I was interesting in having expanded and explored more . Then when I was interested , it went nowhere . All potential . But all the potential remains unexploited.In the end , it seems some bubblegum pop girl band is somehow behind it all . How ? Who know ? Not even the writer , I 'm sure.It 's not intellectual . It 's not even quasi-intellectual . It 's downright stupid . It 's a bad movie.I hope this director can work on something dark and similar to this but a good story . I think a great movie could be made with a better story . -LRB- Oh , and of course , a dark movie but one without blood , which was extremely , incompetently done -RRB-
 I was intrigued with the plot at the beginning . There were some nice dark , suspensful scenes , and I thought I would really get into this film . But midway through , things began going downhill . At first , I could deal with the awful music , but even that too much by the end.It 's true -- this movie is gruesome . But that 's not what bothers me . What I did n't like was how terribly uncomfortable it made me feel by the time it was finished . I do n't mind the blood -- it 's a combination of the convoluted plot , the absolutely DREADFUL music , and the inexcuseably bad juxtaposition of the teenie-pop ensemble singing whilst people die.The plot goes thru plot twists that even David Lynch might enjoy . I can appreciate an artistic statement with such twists . But soon they become tiresome and forced . The Rocky Horror-like interlude was one of the worst things I 've ever seen in film . It 's not that it 's poorly done . It 's just wholly unpleasant and disgusting . Exuberant and ugly.Did I mention that the music in this movie makes my skin crawl ? Between the worthless oft-repeated synth-orchestra melody and the bubblegum pop of Desert -LRB- Dessart ? Dessert ? -RRB- , I could n't wait to go to my stereo and listen to ANYTHING.I think a lot of people are saying good things about this movie just because it 's weird . They ca n't follow the story -LRB- you 're not supposed to be able to -RRB- so they think it 's some form of high art . Wrong . It 's just bad . I dig David Lynch as much as the next guy , but Suicide Club is just plain bad . Do n't read anything into this movie that is n't there . This is the cinematic equivalent of someone scratching their nails on a chalk board .
 an absolute waste of my time . I ca n't believe I just wasted 99 minutes of my life watching this horrendous excuse for a movie . as for social commentaries , it was lost in all the rest of the senseless fragmented story . if you liked this movie , you might also want to go watch `` Butcher Boy '' , an English classic .
 Anyone checking out the reviews here will already know the big opening to the film - that of the gory suicide of 54 schoolgirls . The framing of that sequence - while violent to extremes that will make some laugh due to the exageration involved - does intrigue one to find out more about the mystery built up there . A subsequent sequence dealing with the death of two other characters also seems to be placing the film into the confines of either some type of supernatural thriller or ghost story.At the hour-mark , however , that 's all forgotten when the film narrative becomes lost in gore effects for the sake of gore and a rather lame attempt to bring in some type of pseduo-philosophy of life and death into the story in order to give the movie some type of payoff . When the suicides seem to be all based around a blond guy with a Marc Bolan fetish , you know you 're in for a mystery that will be as intriguing as an episode of the old Adam West BATMAN series . Many cardboard characters come and go with no explanation either , leaving one wondering who we 're supposed to follow in the film.This movie probably would go over well with 13-year-olds on a late Friday night . Others may find some of the suicide setups at least something different to watch . Anyone looking for a film that can deliver a message with the shocks should look elsewhere . In fact , the people I watched it with fell asleep by the 80-min . mark . Even STACYS - a cheap schoolgirl zombie movie - delivered more imagination and thought-provoking ideas than on display here.Definitely a renter at best .
 I consider myself a reasonably intelligent person . I understood the matrix the first time , I can follow political thrillers , I know how to work my VCR , and I did n't go see `` Scoobie Doo . '' ... so I feel pretty confident that I 'm right when I say that this movie was completely unintelligible.It 's not that it was n't interesting , in fact , it draws you in with a mass suicide right at the beginning , but it goes nowhere from there . There are glimpses of social satire , such as the disgustingly terrible girl band that seems to make people want to kill themselves , and the fact that cell phones and internet are used to recruit people into the `` Suicide Club , '' which is run by a five year old boy with a bad cough . There 's also lots of talk of having a `` connection to yourself '' which is indirectly touted as a deterrent to suicide . I also found it significant that there was never any sincere dialogue between the characters ... every one seemed very distant from one another.Anyway , my point is , there 's something there , but it never actually materialized.Watch it if you want to laugh at incredibly unrealisic gore , or if you love asian girl bands , or if you like quasi-artistic pretentious indie films , or if you 're just plain curious . BUT , do not watch it if your looking to see a film that has a coherent plot or an intelligent script .
 I like Japanese films , and really wanted to like this one . However I must say there are a lot of confusing parts to the plot . Now I have read this is going to be part of a trilogy one day . If that is true I might give it a higher rating . As of now however , there are just a lot of things that do n't make sense .
 I found this movie , to be hysterical . It was n't horror at all . . there was only two creepy factors . One the skin that was peeled off . . and two how they peeled of the skin . That utterly freaked me out . I read the comic which I was inlove with . . the movie was a disapointment . The story was hard to follow and stupid . The only reason to watch it is for the really hot chick with glasses calling herself `` The Bat '' , who was . . wooah . The high points of the movie is when the kids jump off a building and there is an insane flood of blood , which is funny because its impossible , second when the girls boyfriend falls on her head , almost takes off her ear and then she orders a coffee , and third when the sparklie drag queen starts singing an idiot song . Other then the babe in the glasses the only enjoyment I got from this movie , was when my friends sister started freaking out and kept harassing her father about how scared she was about commiting suicide . Do n't buy it , do n't rent it , do n't waste your money . Read the manga , it is amazing , this movie does n't even deserve to have the same title . You may think this spoils the plot , the truth is there was no plot . It was a bunch of over done gore , and bad singing . Spend you 're money on something worth it . . like Battle Royale .
 `` Wow , oh , wow , '' you think to yourself as 54 Japanese schoolgirls march down the subway stairs . A mass of chaos , they are , some conversing with each other , others talking on the phone , and others yet doing who-knows-what . The group heads down on over to the tracks to wait for the train to come , stepping right behind the yellow line . The sign warning people to stay behind the aformentioned line catches your attention when suddenly , the girls step past the line and join hands in an abrupt show of unity . Swinging their hands , they sing to three . But you ca n't hear them past ` two . '' The thundering train blocks out all other sound . That is until the they take the fatal jump , and a cacophonous cocktail of crunching bones , tearing flesh , and horrified screams floods your ears ... and so Suicide Circle begins.Sadly , as well as it knows how to do that , it does n't know much else . Following the appalling -LRB- but darkly comedic -RRB- introduction is a poorly structured narrative about an epidemic of suicides in Japan and the detective who must uncover the link behind them all.The film tries to intertwine different stories into the central plot but fails miserably . These include the Bat , a seemingly mysterious woman who knows of the titular club , and a girl whose boyfriend takes part in the morbid trend . The latter actually concludes the story in poorly-tied ending . The main story about the detective is n't even that interesting , focusing only on the age-old dilemma of family or career.Suicide Circle attempts to throw people off towards the end of the movie , but the twist is n't developed well enough . The ambiguity of the ending could be argued as an artistic decision , but considering that everything else was so ostensible , I would lean towards a bad story.It tries to be a commentary on today 's society 's obsession with pop culture , but this aspect seems to have been a complete afterthough . Ironically enough , this film only mindlessly contributes to our modern culture 's fascination with the macabre and gory without bringing great insight . It contradicts itself.The music is alright , but the in-movie pop group Dessert actually churns out some pretty catchy tunes , something that 's creepy once you actually realize their significance.In the end , Suicide Club will probably be remembered for its absurd plot and its gory death scenes , but not much else . Like a speaker who does not prepare his speech , Suicide Club does not bring its point across well , a serious impairment for a movie with such a powerful and important statment to make.DVD extras contain trailers and stills . Hard subtitles are a negative , and with a price like that , it 's robbery . A package without bells-and-whistles . Buy this only if you 're really curious or must complete a collection .
 This review will be short lived as 30 + five star reviews have already backed this movie.I felt the movie was done in very poor taste . There is a way to handle the subject but it was almost as if they filmed this movie because `` ohh suicide ! What a marvel ! '' By no means am I bashing the movie because of the gore , gore is a part of our reality but the movie lacked a tasteful plotline . I have to say the skin shreds were a bit much as well.I 'm sure things like this do happen but when you put it into a film there 's a line between being real and taking it too far . I strongly advise no one under 17 to watch this movie.I 'm sorry to those that did like it but this is just another person 's opinion .
 What a waste of the $ 4.00 I paid to rent the film . This movie attempts to be deep , but ends up proving at the end that it was poorly thought out and poorly executed . There 's no logic to this movie . It does n't even come close to being the `` psychlogical thriller '' some claim it to be . Instead it 's cheesy and corny -- and extremely disturbing.It sounds intriguing from the back of the case , but save yourself the time and money and leave this lame movie behind .
 This could have been a pretty good movie . It started with a bloodbath , that did n't at first seem to be obligatory . As the number of suicides mounted and the collective tension of the detective squad got worse . . this movie does a swan dive with the introduction of a fey , mincing rockstar-wanna-be character that ultimately has nothing to do with the plot.Did I say `` plot '' ? It 's shortly after this point in the film when the whole thing runs out of steam . There 's no more plot advancement . Characters disappear for no reason . And instead of coming to a climax , the movie just stops , as if the filmmaker ran out of film . Real stories have a beginning , middle and an end.I rented this thing for $ 2.99 . Someone owes me $ 2.99 !!!!
 This movie started out OK . The cutesy school girls committing suicide was a good time , and there was even an excess of blood spraying on bystanders . The movie even held up about 45 minutes in , that is , until the main character committed suicide . Roll Credits . No actually , there is an hour left . This is when the movie divulges into a meaningless , directionless waste of film . The first half of the movie was building you up , and was actually pretty cool and interesting . With a quick pull of a trigger , the whole plot , character development and movie go into the toilet . I can only assume that this movie was intended to shock , but ends up falling infinitely short . It seems the director forgot that without coherency , nobody would care . If you want a good gore-fest shock-cinema movie , see Riki-Oh , or even Battle Royale . If you want a well-done , frightening movie , see Audition . Whatever you do , do n't waste your money on this trite abomination of a film .
 I took this film not knowing what to except . This movie was on tha wall of `` Employees favorites '' in our local Blockbuster . Well , if I 'll find the guy who nominated this movie I 'll definately ask him for my money back.More to the point - this movie is NOT a thriller - there is no logic , no explanation , and lots of loose ends . It only show bizzare , unrelated event , and some -LRB- not too many -RRB- gory details . If you do take this movie after reading this , hoping that maybe `` This Amir guy did not get it '' , and `` There must be something good about this movie '' please come back later and write your honest review ...
 I do n't know if anyone pays attention to these reviews or not , but believe me ... this movie stinks . If you want to see a similar movie done much better try `` Battle Royale '' . Suicide Club 's opening scene was great , but it was all straight downhill from there . It just kept getting worse and worse , even ending horribly with the all girl pop group `` Desert '' singing over the closing credits . This movie is unintentionally funny in several places , but overall it 's a loser .
 It 's one of those movies that annoys one royally , not because it 's ineptly made , but because it 's well-made but squanders a lot of potential.The opening scenes are remarkable and memorable . Fifty-four girls go to a train platform , laughing and joking , and as a train approaches , almost playfully take hands and jump under the train 's wheels , where they 're all killed in some amazingly explicit footage.The suspense is mounting ... what is causing the wave of suicides among Japan 's youth ? What is the meaning of the strips of skin taken from each corpse , found in a bag at each crime scene , sewn together in a grisly chain ? What is the meaning of the website that logs the suicides as they happen , before they 're reported or even discovered?Unfortunately , the story is largely unresolved at the end . After getting off to such a great and intriguing start , it seems as if the writers and directors had no idea of where to take the story or how to end it . Plot elements are dropped . Important characters disappear halfway through . Insignificant characters suddenly take center stage . Time is wasted on red-herring subplots . The conclusion is a garbled mess that will leave the viewer scratching his head . The film comes to a stop rather than a satisfactory end.It 's too bad , because the first half is so good and haunting . It 's frustrating to see it veer off into surreal , pretentious nonsense.There 's a great story here , waiting for a cohesive ending . With the wave of Asian-horror remakes on the way from Hollywood -LRB- DARK WATER , THE GRUDGE , etc -RRB- , I almost hope some producer will take the first half of this movie and make a more comprehensible ending for it .
 The film starts off wonderfully with the infamous multiple train-jumping suicide . It 's right there on platform 8 , the chuo-sen -LRB- I will definitely think odd thoughts next time I catch that one ! -RRB- , the music from Shinjuku station is going , and the very creepy combination of such akarui kids all jumping - why ? Something is just wrong , in the air ... This is followed up by some very disturbing scenes of more suicides , all very intriguing , is it murder ? Is it mass hysteria , codes in the pop culture ? Alienation in society itself being sparked by ... ? So there are clues , the police get involved , all very good . Lots of nice dark things to think about , to ponder on . Some very intriguing and wonderfully horribly disturbing things could be going on ... But they do n't . Instead , the plot falls apart -LRB- perhaps it jumped -RRB- . Things change from a good mystery to ... what , exactly ? There are some more gory scenes -LRB- including a self-mutilation scene that I could n't bear to look at -RRB- but none of it is nearly as disturbing or intriguing as the first part of the film , because nothing is tied together.I am not someone who demands a neat ending , but the entire genre of the film switches abruptly in the middle . It 's not that the mystery is n't solved , but rather that it 's forgotten along the way . I am also not a regular horror film viewer , but merely shocking gore does not a creepy dark film make.As someone who came up in Japan I would recommend renting it just for the imagery of the opening parts , particularly if you 've ever been there on platform 8 or gone to high school . But I 'd probably pass on buying it , as someone who prefers a good story .
 This is the worse movie I ever seen in my life !
 I refuse to rate this . It does not deserve any stars.Okay , there are some people on here saying it is horror ... some say it is satire ... some say it is art ... some say do n't take it seriously ... some say some other crap ... in all honesty , this movie makes no sense at all . It was very good until ... yes , the Rocky Horror Picture Show wannabes . It really started to unravel a bit before that . And I can kind of understand the point the movie is trying to make ... BUT THERE IS NO PLOT !!! Nothing is tied together , nothing is explained , there is nothing to explain enything ! You never figure out what the Suicide Club is , how it works , or what the hell all those little kids had to do with ANYTHING ! Did they kill people ? And , if they did , how the hell did they convince people to kill themselves ? By saying `` Oh , you 're not connected to yourself ! '' Now tell me , why in God 's name would that statement make you want to kill yourself ? Or was it the little Prosti-Tots that convinced everyone to kill themselves by some kind of subliminal message in their terrible , terrible music ? This movie makes no sense . NOBODY IN JAPAN KNOWS HOW TO MAKE A MOVIE !!! This movie reminds me so much of that piece of crap TOMIE that it makes me vomit . I rented that one too . It made no sense by the end . No one in Japan knows how to make movies . This movie proves it . Was it actually a hit in Japan ??
 _ Suicide Club _ certainly held my attention . I found myself both shocked and horrified by the casual manner in which suicide is depicted in this film . Seemingly endless streams of people launch themselves into the unknown ; in fact , the opening scene in the underground train station -LRB- an actual site of many Japanese suicides -RRB- sprays blood all over the scene . What particularly makes this film casual is the always horrible sub-title job . For some reason , while this film seems to have some complexity to it , the dialogue is extremely watered down in the text and I just have to think that the actual script is much more complex and interesting . _ Suicide Club _ is a film that seems to explore the darker side of life , Japanese culture , and death without coming to any sense of a resolution . Many of the characters and sub-plots never tie together and the audience is left with a bunch of dangling fragments , trying to pick up the pieces of this storyline that never seems to go anywhere . As has been my experience with most Japanese films , one just can not take their eyes off this material because it is fresh and edgy . However , as an American film goer , I just ca n't appreciate the film 's depth and complexity without some semblance of continuity and the ability to understand the language first-hand . Imagine `` Whose Afraid of Virginia Woolfe '' in translation ? It would be awful . Naturally , this is not really a strike against _ Suicide Club _ as it is a foreign film , but I think that English speakers will be hard-pressed to extract the full meaning of this film without the complexity and subtlety that the script may have possessed .
 I just spent $ 13 to buy this DVD since it seemed pretty interesting from all the reviews I read about it . Bad idea , huge waste of money . I believe the general consensus of everyone that watches this movie with me was this movie 's fu ** ed up . It 's obviously satirical , but it was trying too hard to be artsy . There 's really bad subtitles , which gives you an idea of what they 're trying to say but comes out corny or stupid . Lots of the scenes in the movies do n't make sense and once again comes off as stupid . There are some disturbingly sick parts , but are n't enough to be gory . It was n't scary at all . Althoung it was disturbing , and had really bad flow/organiztion in putting the story together . It definitely had potential in becoming a really cool movie , but seemed to do everything it could to make it become the worst it can .
 The movie simply out , has no story to it . Groups of people jump off of buildings , or in front of oncoming trains , body parts fly everywhere , and our heroes , the local cops , try to make sense of it ... oh yes , the internet is thrown in -LRB- i guess that 's like saying movies in the 1940 's had automobiles -RRB- . In this case , the net supposedly has clues to what is causing this mass self killings . In the end , no sense is made at all -- clearly the writer and director had a message about the hateful sameness of life in crowded Japan , where everyone looks the same -LRB- japanese culture is notoriously intolerant of different ethnic groups -RRB- , and everyone does the same thing , riding crowded commuter trains and the worshipping commercial blaring tv at home . A weak attempt is made towrds the end to explain the effort of some sort of either a cult or perhaps even a master force that communicates via the medium of the moment -LRB- WWW , TV -RRB- to get it 's message of suicide to the next chosen group , -LRB- naturally , the HQ of the master force is a tv station -RRB- but it is never explained and makes absolutely no sense.one of the worst movies I have ever seen .
 The premise of the movie is intriguing and the first hour at least kept my interest . The tone of the film is all over the place , so I would n't say the execution was great . Ryo Ishibashi is the lead in this and he is a great actor -LRB- as best seen in `` Audition '' -RRB- . The problem is that after the first hour , the movie takes a horrid turn into some nightmarish faux musical . I 'm not kidding , if you blink , you 'll think you 're watching a Japanese take on John Waters . The next half hour quickly deteriorates into an unwatchable mess . Horrible , truly horrible , and an absolute waste of time .
 A misanthrope decides to inflict a vision of nihilism on the rest of us .
 This movie had potential , I will say that.And I DO get the message it is trying to send -LRB- suicide is bad and has become trendy , like depression and cutting in today 's society -RRB- . However , the message is conveyed far , far , FAR too subtly for the content matter.Which is too bad , because this film had some serious potential to be an excellent slap in the face to people who thought suicide was `` powerful '' or `` cool '' . Sure , it 's powerful . It has the power to end every possibility in front of you and shatter the lives of every person who cares about you.And some of the scenarios go a bit too far . I 'm a person who LOVES sick , twisted , f-ed up material . I think se7en is one of the best films I 've ever seen . I 'm a huge fan of gory cult cinema , especially sadistic ones . Audition was great , and so was Begotten.I 've even dabbled in so-called `` snuff '' films to see if they were actually real , or just another urban legend . So far , every single one I 've seen is fake.The scenes throughout this film made me feel rather uncomfortable and disgusted for the light attitude towards the content . I had to admit that I did laugh rather loudly when the students landed from the rooftop , and all you see of them landing is an interior shot from the cafeteria where the students are laughing and eating , then suddenly you see a body fly past the window and blood splatter all over the side of the building . Good times , good times ... However , if you 're going to do a movie for gratuitous gore , make a horror movie . If it 's going to be a satire , make it actually funny.But do NOT make it as though you 're trying to convey a message.I doubt that this man has had anybody near him commit suicide , or even TALKED to anyone who 's known anyone who has.If it meant something at the end , sure , it would be okay . But it does n't . Therefore , I am offended , for the first time in my LIFE , by a movie.Dammit , people , I think Terror Firmer is hilarious!But the band that makes those oh-so-popular songs does sing a pretty cool song in the middle of the movie . Too bad the music is obscured by one of the members pointlessly raping and stabbing a girl to death in the same room.Twisted , yes . Enjoyable , no.I , myself , am a relatively stable young man.But when I was watching this movie I realized , `` You know what ? I do n't really want to kill myself , but if someone handed me a gun and told me to shoot myself , I would just say , ` Eh , why not ? ' and blow my brains out without any hesitation ! `` That is the mood that this movie can put you in , and fails to bring you out of.Well scripted , well directed , well shot , well acted ... All around , a very well-made film.Too bad the plot and ideas are garbage.I am Mujah , and this is the singular movie that infuriates me .
 I turned this movie off right when a man randomly starting crushing puppy skulls with his high heeled shoes -LRB- note
 The first hour or so of this film is truly amazing !! . seriously.You find yourself baffled and looking for what is causing these suicides . There is a web page that updates everytime someone is killed ... these circles representing each death vibrate ... are they hipnostising the victim to kill themselves ???? everytime this pop song plays on the tv or radio , someone seems to commit suicide ... who knows what 's going on . Twenty minutes before the end we see the main character unable to accept his loss in his family , commit suicide himself !!! wow !!! then we see an over the top character claiming to be a modern age manson . How is he responsible for the suicides ?? is he responsible ??? apparently there are undertones here warning us about pop culture and a girl in the film cracks some kind of code , revealing the relationship between the pop group and the deaths.What follows does not make any sense at all.Personally , to me , even though other reviewers out there are saying there are many hidden messages here , it feels like the director came to a point in the film where he was n't sure what to blame the suicides on and threw in an abrupt inexplicable ending.It is a real shame . What start off as an awsome thrilling film -LRB- up there with RING , DARK WATER and AUDITION -RRB- becomes a serious let down.I love david lynch , Polish bros etc etc. . I love puzzles !! but here I feel like I have been cheated out of any explanation whatsoever !
 I watched this film after reading a review about it on YAHOO . After viewing it I have to say although it is an unorthodox , weird film , Its the kind of film that has philosophies so out the norm that it will shake you . There is a reason why your spirit feels a certain way after watching something . If its not a good feeling , then there 's a reason why . Especially if you are sensitive to certain philosophies and ideas . Evil/Satan/Darkness , whatever you wish to call it has only one motive . TO STEAL , KILL AND DESTROY . Any film that presents suicide as a `` sensible '' way out of something is promoting `` Death '' . What 's even worse is that it makes light of the subject . Suicide is a serious subject matter , and I 'm not sure where Sono 's mind was when he did this film . Maybe a little desperate/suicidal himself . Not sure.I read he had an incident where he ran away from home to Tokyo -LRB- like the main character in Noriko 's Dinner Table , the loose sequel to this movie -RRB- and he ran into a woman who was looking for a hotel room . Him , thinking she wanted to make out with him -LRB- he was still a virgin -RRB- went up to the hotel room , where she tried to initiate a group suicide with him with a huge pair of scissors . She did n't want to `` die alone '' . Well , after reading that I can see where he got the idea from , but as much as that was a release of his personal trauma , he released it into Japan -LRB- who also hate the film -RRB- and the world -LRB- funny no one else has tried to remake this , especially Hollywood after the hundred other remakes in the 2000 's -RRB- . Why is pretty obvious . This film has the potential to initiate its own suicide wave to weakened individuals.The philosophies here seem interesting at first , but after thinking about it for a day -LRB- i have n't been able to think about anything else -RRB- I 'm pretty sure they are demonic . They make the intellectual actual sit back and ponder on the ideas in the film , and any pondering on suicide is NOT healthy . All this `` do you have a connection with yourself ? With your family , loved ones , if so , why dont you kill yourself ? You will still have those connections in death , so why are you living ? '' Is pretty demented . Its twisting one 's mind to think that killing one 's self the way out of their pain . Its a way out alright , to HELL if you 're not saved . Life is about living for whats right , love and creation . Not encouraging death and destruction . And not only do they kill themselves , but they do so in the most destructive , horrifying ways . DEMONIC . Quick rundown if you are confused after watching
 I bought this movie , not from amazon , but I got it , watched it and then sold it . I was hoping for something really cool , but instead it made no sense . I like weird , I like really weird , but this was soo weird that I could n't follow it and from what I 've read I think it was supposed to have some kind of socio-political message behind it . Maybe something was lost in translation or maybe its just bad . I would n't say do n't watch it , it has some crazy moments , but I would just say its not really worth owning . The problem there is that for most people , they are n't going to find this one at the video store unless you have a serious alternative/indie rental place . This is just my opinion though , so take it with a grain of salt , I would n't let you keep me from getting a movie I wanted , so get it if it looks good to you.Other options
 Ok , so a movie about a group of school girls killing themselves sounded intriguing at the very least . I 'm sorry , after the plot brakes off into more branches than a Mormon family tree , I found myself thinking what the real reason behind this movie was . So I looked for a common theme , and of course everyone has spoken about the critique of Japanese and capitalist culture ; but I am simply not happy with that . Look , this move is just plain bad . The theme is something like this
 The DVD was scratched I had to skip chapters . Movie was not as discribed ! Very fustrating when we where trying to watch it .
 This film does deserve credit for the outstanding performances done but it 's cast most of whom are newcomers . The film sadly in many ways is a modern day latino incantation of the Blaxploitation genre of film of the 1970 's . Noble and heroic latino/hispanic people unite and trimumph over the evil anglo/white people . The film is loaded with false stereotypes many young and often uneducated urban latinos have of anglo whites . Given the current climate in the country over immigration I would not show this film to young people if I were a parent of any race or ethnicity .
 When I saw this DVD online I purchased it thinking that it sounded like a great plot line , had wonderful actors , and that it should be great entertainment . It is not . The movie itself is painfully slow and equally painful to watch . The plot line sounds good , but it never develops into an entertaining action line . Additionally , the technical quality is poor and the format is an incredibly annoying small , narrow screen . There are a few moments here and there -LRB- which is why I gave it 2 stars as opposed to 1 -RRB- , but nothing compelling enough to make it worth your money or your time . You 'll regret it if you purchase this one . Pass it by .
 This film has content that makes it suitable only for those aged over 16 or so . It is not what I would call a `` family movie '' .
 The ad said free shipping , so I ordered 5 of the same DVDs . I got the bill , which included shipping and wrote back that the site said shipping was free . This was about one week after I submitted the order . They said ok , that shipping would be free . About 5 days later , the company wrote and said the entire order was back ordered and thay did n't know when I would get it . In the meantime , they charged my credit card , which I received yesterday and the company had charged my card . Now I need to call my credit card company to reverse the charges.I have had no problems ordering from Amazon , and nothing but problems when I ofder from a different vendor off of the Amazon site.I will never do it again.Darryl Forman
 A broad range of Jewish-related-topic movies varies from `` Trembling Before G-D '' to `` The Holy Land '' , where Jewish humor , emphasis on the Holocaust and musical inclusions are predominantly accustomed features of . Of course , modern Israeli cinematograph concentrates more on day-by-day Israeli reality , incorporating h o h m e s -LRB- sarcastic jokes -RRB- if necessary.Something more linking to a secular modern American reality supposedly depicted in this film does not impress me at all because of a surrealistic mixture of sex-bent traditionally-characteristic inter-religious-confession-gesheft -LRB- profit -RRB- pieces of gay-lesbian-adultery-quickie-drug-secular-Hasidic traces of affairs , which is too much for one hour plus story of enjoying their seder continuingly.Sorry , it is definitely not my cap of tea . If even this play is R-rated .
 Having some spare time and also $ 1.99 I decided to watch `` The Honeytrap . '' The description of the movie was just vague enough to sound like this movie had the potential to be a good thriller . What I watched instead was a movie that never quite seemed to materialize even though the plot had legs to run on . Instead it decided to crawl.The title of the movie refers to an often used ploy to discover if a spouse or significant other is cheating . An attractive person is hired , usually through a detective agency , to try to seduce the suspected cheater . In this case a woman named Catherine -LRB- Emily Lloyd -RRB- believes her fiance is cheating on her as he never seems to be home at night . Catherine 's character is never fleshed out . In fact she 's not particularly likable . She is cold and often dstant and does n't garner sympathy as a woman who 's being cheated on . She seems to have only one friend , a woman named Renee who always dresses in black . Renee says she 's married , but we never see her husband . In fact Renee sames to always be going out to singles ' events . Renee appears to have had a relationship in the past with Catherine 's fiance , but that part of the story just never develops . One thing we do know about Catherine is that she is a woman with a troubled past.The imagery surrounding Catherine is always bleak . Early in the film she moves into her fiance 's -LRB- Jonathan -RRB- posh apartment which basically is empty . There are frequent shots of her wedding dress which is on display in the living room . However , the dress always appears to be ghostlike in appearance ; empty with no substance to it , just like Catherine herself . It seems like the director was not sure how to bring all these pieces to life . In fact much of the time the viewer gets the feeling that Catherine may be having a dream.Eventually the honeytrap is sprung and the conclusion is that her fiance is a standup guy . The two get married though we ca n't figure out why . At the wedding Catherine looks like she 's been told that she has only a month to live . This is the point where I wish the movie had ended . However , there was still more to come . I 'm not going to put in a spoiler here about how the movie ends . Thankfully I 'm only out $ 1.99 .
 Please be careful with this DVD . For one , it is a DVD-R , not a silver `` pressed '' DVD . I had trouble playing it , and it only worked in the 3rd player I tried.Secondly , the movie is widescreen but is letterboxed in a 4:3 frame -LRB- i.e. not anamorphic -RRB- meaning that the movie only uses about half the available DVD resolution.The company concerned is `` Filmhouse '' who must presumably be a back-room type of setup .
 This movie should n't be watched . Instead , all DVDs , copies and any original film should be gathered together in a large metal container , which should be filled up with all manner of flammable liquids and then ignited . After all that remains are ashes ... those ashes should then be gathered up and placed in a steel reinforced concrete container and then dropped into the deepest trench in the ocean . And then ... we should train a herd of aggressive giant squids , poisonous manta rays and supper violent man-eating sharks to constantly patrol the container of ash ... just to be sure some idiot does n't try to resurrect this movie in any way . It was that bad.What someone could have done to make this movie better before releasing it into the world
 Very disappointing film . This film last ` s 138 min . In my opinion it was at least 45 min too long . I find it a overlong film ! . i think it had too little action . When a action showed up , i think it was poor . Even the drama and story was very boring . I like some Drama films and tv series , but i think this was not any good Drama . I think it should be renamed to Boringguards and Assassins.I think the camera angles and editing also was poor . It was hard to follow the action . I thought this film would be action packed , considering Donnie was in it . I do n`t think it was . With all that money , how could they make such a bad film ? I do n`t know how they managed to do that . Also , donnie wears a silly unconvincing bald-cap making his head look like a watermelon . Hahaa.It has only max 15 min of action out of 138 min . I felt cheated since , before it was released it was promoted as having 1 hour of action . More drama film than action film . I will never watch this film again . See only this if you like a boring drama film with very little action . Watch Ip Man instead , than this junk . I think it does at least have much better , story , acting , and fight scenes .
 I ca n't believe I wasted all that time on a movie that was not worthwhile . The storyline is BORING . It 's predictable and drags on and on and on . As far as the action goes , it 's a disappointment , compared to the other recent Donnie Yen movies . Only reason I watched this is for him , since they put his name on the top of the casting list but he only plays a relatively minor role in the movie . Not recommended . Do n't waste your time .
 There was not enough action in it , not like the rest of Donnie Yen , like in the Ip man movies , those were more fight scenes .
 It seems the Chinese revolution will never cease to be glorified . They keep talking about the end of poverty and hunger as if they 're trying to convince us it worked . As for the movie itself it was overly dramatic with poorly choreographed fight scenes . The cinematography was just as bad . I 'm a Donnie Yen fan but this was a drag .
 The amount of combat in the film is low and poor action sequences . I found the film very boring . Spoiler - They have a Yao Ming size Chinese guy and spend an inordinate amount of time showing him stomping around and he has ZERO martial arts ability DUMB DUMB DUMB film.DO not Rent .
 This was a very disappointing DVD . I 'm a big Donnie Yen fan so when I read the description of this DVD and some of the reviews , I thought it was a no-brainer . Well , user LoBo hit the nail on the head - not much action at all in this movie . I think there is 1 fight scene in the first 100mins -LRB- out of 138mins -RRB- and even that is over much too quickly . The action starts to pick up towards the end but the scenes feel like they were cut short or unfinished because they are very quick and do n't make much sense . There are a couple of bodyguards -LRB- I do n't want to spoil it for any who might actually want to see this movie -RRB- who you think will certainly kick some butt and make for some good action ... but they have a couple of quick scenes and then thats it . Its a huge letdown . Donnie Yen has a couple of quick fight scenes in the whole movie and they 're not even that exciting - he 's not playing a martial arts master/expert as he has in many of his other movies . The action aside , the English subtitles are very poorly written . They 're so bad that its extremely hard to follow the plotline by reading them as there are some very obvious grammer/spelling errors and many sentences do n't make any sense . If the movie was more visually exciting -LRB- i.e. fight scenes , etc -RRB- then the subtitles would n't be as big of a deal but it makes the movie that much worse . The whole production feels strung together and very poorly edited - almost like they ran out of money during production and pieced together what they could to get it released . Do yourself a favor and skip this DVD . As it stands , I wasted 138mins of my life that I 'll never get back and I would n't want you to do the same . Thanks for reading .
 Waste of time . I feel I just got scammed out of my 2hrs of my life ! If you 're Chinese then you 'll like the film , otherwise , stay away from it.I decided to watch this film thinking it 'd have lots of martial arts and action , but the martial arts in this movie was terrible and boring . Unbelievable . 1-star .
 Save your money ! This movie was bland at best . The so called sexual content is practically non-existent and the story really does n't flow well . The characters lives intertwine , but the flow is choppy and does n't make me want to keep watching . I almost shut it off but figured I should at least watch it since I paid to rent it . The 4 star review is a sham ... I would n't watch it again and I certainly would n't pay money to see this .
 This movie was very poor quality . Poor production and slow story line . I do not recommend this movie at all . Do n't bother to rent or buy .
 OKAY , just okay cause I thought it was stupid , waste of iCarly people.The premess was dumb , a KID can sign herself in to a crazy house.Yet to get her out a PARENt had to do it .
 This show used to be really good in its first two seasons , but it has tanked in quality since then and it has become clear that the main characters have outgrown the premise of the show . Centering the show around Sam would be an improvement but its quite clear that Big Time Rush is the best show on Nick .
 I have a question . Why are the season 5 episodes also on the `` Complete season 4 '' dvd ? Which season are we in ... 4 ... or 5 ?
 I am just not a fan of `` iCarly . '' The gags are often focused on mildly humorous words or phrases used by some characters and often they are brought up several different times throughout the course of one scene or episode , or sometimes certain words that sound laughable are botched into nonsensical but bland phrases or are broken up and rearranged for humor . It just comes off as hokey and sometimes the jokes are something that I would usually expect out of a corny 1970s situation comedy . True , there have been a few jokes that have left me laughing uncontrollably , but they seldom appear and there have been times before where I have found it odd that I was not laughing at the kind of little jokes that normally are my sense of humor . Many people may believe that I am expecting too much of more recent television series to try and hold a candle to the quality of Nickelodeon programs that were broadcast during the 1990s and early 2000s , but I long for the nostalgia I feel when looking back on faint memories of those series . I sincerely apologize , Nickelodeon . I just miss your older series and wish that you could bring them back somehow .
 Was looking for a Captain Kangaroo video to show my granddaughter and got this instead . It had nothing to do with Captain Kangaroo . I tried to get a refund and never heard back from them . Money wasted .
 Some episodes are missing . So why should one even bother to buy this ? Why are these episodes missing ? Are they going to be provided in the near future , or this is it ? Is n't this like buying a bicycle with a missing wheel ?
 As a Kosovo Albanian woman living in the United States I was very excited to see a movie that was discussing my home country and the current situation there . I wanted my husband , who is not Kosovo Albanian , to see it and get better insight on where a came from and what my countrymen were still going through . Unfortunately , the movie was a complete disappointment . While it does portray the grave situation in Kosova , 7 years after the war , the flow of the story is very confusing as it comes and goes from one story to another only to return to the first story without finishing the one prior . Also , the translation was not good , with a lot of words misspelled , a lot of sections not even translated , just a very poor translation job , which was a problem since my husband does not speak Albanian . This movie was very confusing and does not do the current or the past situation in Kosova justice . Therefore , do not recommend it .
 NICE - NONE OF THE VIDEO ON THIS PAGE ARE AVAILABLEWHAT THE HELL IS WITH THAT?GOOD JOB
 Was looking for a Captain Kangaroo video to show my granddaughter and got this instead . It had nothing to do with Captain Kangaroo . I tried to get a refund and never heard back from them . Money wasted .
 Imagine an Apache with make up and a Harvard accent . Imagine his `` woman '' being thrown into creeks , tied up and otherwise abused . Imagine this very same `` Indian '' destroying half an army becoming domesticated by the very same `` woman '' . Imagine the corn field that is about the size of a closet where the now domesticated Apache meets up with the `` enemy '' who forgives and forgets . -LRB- And for some strange reason the entire Army is surrounding this miniature attempt of a corn field and can not locate the ever clever `` Indian '' -RRB- . After all , no self respecting Apache would plant corn , would they ? Ah yes , the entire Hollywood interpretation of serious drama ends with our now ex-Apache hero going back to his hut where his ever loving `` woman '' is ready to deliver the baby -LRB- and she never shows it either - imagine that -RRB- ! Get out the 101 strings as they swoon away at the end . We were rolling on the floor with laughter . Kowabunga!The sad thing is that Lancaster made this travesty after `` From Here to Eternity '' and later on made such masterpieces as the `` Swimmer '' . I am sure that he is still rolling in his grave over this attempt of bad acting . The corn field should have received top billing.Should one call this a drama ? How about a comedy - a bad one at that . According to one description this movie was based on `` fact '' . Well , at least the way Hollywood saw it.On a more serious note it does show the total ignorance of Hollywood towards history and fact . Come to think of it - have things changed that much?Can ' t Amazon start with zero stars ? This movie must rank amongst the 100 worst.Where are the flying monkeys when we need them?Apache ? Apoche ? Ugh !
 This dvd was not intended for this region and will not play . This movie was meant for another geographical market .
 This movie is so filled with historical errors that it is nearly impossible to list them all . Granted , Hollywood takes `` literary license '' but this is beyond pale . From the beginning scenes of `` chief '' Geronimo riding up carrying a peace pipe -LRB- Geronimo was never a chief and the Chiricahua Apache never used smoking pipes -RRB- to the end scenes of Massai going off to live a peaceful life . In fact , there was a Chiricahua named Massai who did escape from the prison train but but the rest of the movie is pure 100 % unadultrated BS . And in the end , the real Massai was tracked down and killed after he broke out of the Mescalero reservation and his body burned to bone and ashes . For a true account read INDEH by Eve Ball . In Chapter 10 Massai 's daughter , Alberta Begay , recounts her father 's life and death . Too bad there is n't a - star system for this film would need to be rated there .
 I purchased two videos of `` Mystery Of The Hooded Horsemen '' . Unfortunately both copies were very dark and un viewable . Both videos were produced by Alpha Video Distributores of Piscataway New Jersey . My recommendation is to not buy any video or DVD from this shonky company ! They are taking advantage of the true Western fan . Let 's hope that some discerning duplicating firm revives good viewable RKO westerns !
 The cd goes in my DVD player and says wrong region , do I have the right money to send it back ?
 This movie fails both as a comedy and as a horror movie . Wes Craven and Eddie Murphy team up for a story of a Caribbean vampire who comes to New York to search for his ` queen . ' It had the potential to be a good movie , either as a horror movie or as a parody of vampire movies . The problem is they tried to do both , a comedy and a horror story , and neither carried off very well . Murphy does do an excellent job as Maximillian -LRB- the lead role -RRB- , and it might be one of his better performances . The other characters he played -LRB- a preacher and an Italian thug -RRB- were substandard . While Murphy 's performance was great , the rest of the cast was wooden . Kadeem Hardison and John Witherspoon are the comic relief in the film . They are over the top and the movie just is n't horrific enough to need comic relief . It 's not a movie I would bother with , unless you can catch it on Encore .
 i saw this at the theatre and it was horrible . i almost feel asleep cause it was so boring . stick to the older eddie murphy films like beverly hills cop and 48 hrs .
 it was delivered in timely order but does not play in all dvd players im gon na have to return and attemp to get a refund
 this was th worst vampire movie ive ever seen . may have been the only eddie murphy movie that i dont like . Had alot of gory related jokes that were down right hideous . The movie was also lack luster not much excitement . sorry i bought this instead of an n64 controller = -LRB-
 Eddie Murphy -LRB- The Golden Child , Daddy Day Care -RRB- is the vampire in this movie and he comes to Brooklyn and falls for Angela Bassett -LRB- Strange Days , Supernova -RRB- . . so he then stalks her and then stalks her and kills people she knows ... Allen Payne -LRB- Jason 's Lyric , The Perfect Storm -RRB- plays Bassett 's partner and trys to stop Eddie . . Kadeem Harrison -LRB- The 6th Man -RRB- is the bug eating follower of Eddie . John Witherspoon -LRB- Friday , Next Friday , Friday After Next -RRB- also stars ... not much of a story here though Eddie plays a lot of characters like in The Nutty Professor movies .
 I am almost ashamed to admit this but my husband and I saw this movie right after he proposed to me and we have joked that it is a good thing he proposed BEFORE the movie because I may have not given the same answer after being made to watch this movie -LRB- truth to be told though it was n't my BHs fault , his roomate chose this flick - and we 've never let him forget it -RRB- ! This was probably one of the WORST movies I have ever seen ! The plot and acting were just awful and the movie was not very funny .
 Now , I will admit . I did go see it when it first came out , but this movie is a pure joke . Not a horror film and not a comedy either . Murphy looked ridiculous w/all that stuff on . Angela , Kadeem -LRB- who 's acting is mediocre already -RRB- , and Allen ... you guys could do so much better.I do n't think I can say much more .
 I made sure that everyone knew that this DVD was being shipped to the proper region so that it should play ok . But it would not work . Tried it in 10 different DVD players with the same result . Will not buy DVD from this seller again .
 The dvd was from a different ` region ' so I can not watch it . Money wasted . Is there any way to get my money back ?
 Not gon na even try to RMA it ... too much trouble for the low cost . But beware of this item from this shipper ... unless you live in Brazil , North Korea , Japan , etc. ... will not work on you machine . It 's a standard the US does not use called PAL . Dang ... and I wanted this movie !
 It was so sad that I could n't play and see the DVD video here in Japan due to its area protection security ...
 When we ordered this dvd we did not know what a region was , now we get to just look at the dvd sitting around taking up space , I requested that it be changed out for a region 1 which is the united states . We did not get any responce from the seller at all .
 this is a great movie - however the DVD I purchased is of horrible quality . I have returned it and it was replaced and it is the same . Very poor , the picture is very dark . The VHS version is far superior . I would not recommend buying it on DVD - the quality is the same as a bootleg copy . POOR ! Real sham because it is one of Murphy 's best movies .
 I 'm not really a fan of &#34; over the top &#34; gore or &#34; blood squirting everywhere everyone 's gon na die whether they want to or not &#34; kinds of &#34; horror &#34; films . I ca n't even remember if I was actually even startled ... much less &#34; frightened &#34; ... yawn ... . Alexis Texas is kind of cute but not enough to watch the movie again !
 Bloodlust Zombies -LRB- Dan Lantz , 2011 -RRB- I watched five movies yesterday . -LRB- Actually , five and a half , since I finished one I had started previously as well . -RRB- And I am willing to say right up front that the reason Bloodlust Zombies was , by a nose , my favorite of the bunch has to do with the exact combination of the movies I watched -- because I am willing to grant this movie 's vociferous , and scathing , critics pretty much every bad thing they say about it , but in every case -- every single one -- I watch a much more widely-praised movie that did it worse than this one did . So , yeah , in the canon of bad -- and this is a movie I decided to watch because -LRB- thanks to the wonderful Google Chrome Netflix Queue Sorter plug-in , which is in and of itself worth switching to Chrome for your primary browser if you 're a Netflix user -RRB- I sorted my queue on star + average rating and then chose something in the bottom five , which I do on occasion just for grins -- this was listed as the third-lowest film in my queue . -LRB- I did n't have the stomach for The Dead Undead , which is # 1 , and I 'm saving # 2 , Bloodlust ! , for watching with my infant son , who seems to be more attracted to black and white movies than color when he 's up all night . -RRB- And every one of those other movies that did something worse ? They were higher up -- in come cases , a lot higher up.Plot
 Wow horrible film with porn star acting and sets , I guess someone in the industry thought they might break into the mainstream . This is a waste if you want to watch T&A watch porn star Alexis Texas in one of her movies . This is n't funny nor is it even remotely scary .
 GRADE Z MOVIE FROM BEGINNING TO END.GOOD THING I BOUGHT THIS WITH MY AMAZON CREDIT CARD POINTS SO IT WAS FREE.HATE TO THINK i WOULD HAVE PAID MONEY FOR THIS P.O.S.AVOID AT ALL COST ... LIKE ANY GOOD ZOMBIE-PUT A BULLET THROUGH ITS HEAD
 Since MPI has restored all of the classic Sherlock Holmes movies on DVD from 35mm fine grain prints , there is absolutely NO reason to buy anybody elses grainy release !
 I love these old Basil Rathbone flicks . The sound quality was unbelievably bad . I could n't hear the dialog for the hissing . You think Amazon could spring for an enhanced version . Unfortunately taken it off my watchlist
 This refers to the DVD version only . This is absolutely the worst quality transfer to DVD that I 've ever seen . I do n't think that even GoodTimes could have done a worse job .
 First let me say that I 'm one of the biggest Sherlock Holmes fans in the world . I have been waiting for years for someone to produce a DVD version of the Basil Rathbone movies . This is my second DVD Sherlock Holmes movie from the Focusfilm Entertainment group and it is no better than the first one . This one is going to be returned just like the first one was . This DVD tranfer is so dark in places you can not see the movie at all . The contrast is terrible and the orginal film had black dots and white streaks all over the place . The sound quality of this tranfer was fair . I have VHS copies of this movie that are twice as good as this DVD version . I hope someone besides Focusfilm will starts making DVD tranfers of this great series . Please save your money for a better product in the future . -- This text refers to the DVD edition
 Despite what several customers have written -LRB- one even chastising others for slamming this DVD `` when it has n't even been released yet '' -RRB- this is NOT THE RESTORED VERSION , this is the dupey , scratched , and horrid sounding transfer that 's been around for several years . MPI , not Focus Film , is the distributor of the new restored versions of this series . That said , if you come across a used copy of this version cheap -LRB- and I mean CHEAP !! -RRB- it has a few nice extras not found on the MPI , like the re-issue trailer -LRB- ironically looking better than the feature itself on this disc -RRB- , and a generous helping of Rathbone / Bruce radio shows that are fun . But for the feature itself the UCLA restoration is the ONLY way to go .
 Oooh no no no ! These guys ca n't be serious . Holmes in `` modern '' suites and riding cars -- in a world war II setting ! I 'm well aware of the fact , that Basil Rathbones character by many is regarded as the `` classic '' Sherlock Holmes , but I just think these 40s interpretations of Conan Doyles stories are a total insult to the author 's work.OK , there may be a certain `` film noire '' feeling about the atmosphere , that could come close to aestethics , and Basil Rathbone is probably the one who most accurately LOOKS like the detective in Sidney Pagets drawings . But overall it 's just embarrasing watching Holmes talk rapidly in American Bogart style , transported to an environment and time frame that has nothing to do with the original stories or with Victorian England at all . However , these 40s version are splendic examples of the `` classic '' Hollywood 's total lack of respect and self-distance and shows that the Sherlock Holmes stories only can be filmed by English companies and directors to garantee a justifying result ; `` authentic '' and `` historical accuracy '' must have been totally unknown concepts in America during these years . It 's just -LSB- sad -RSB- ! And even though I 'm a true fan of early film-making , the acting here is a joke and totally overrated by all too many `` experts '' . If you want real authentic film renderings of the adventures of Sherlock Holmes , I instead recommend Granadas excellent versions with the genius Jeremy Brett in the title role . Once you 've seen these , they 'll be the only ones you need .
 The film begins in Switzerland . Two men enter a caf&eacute; , and old man meets them to give them orders . They plan to steal a bombsight from Dr. Franz Tobel . -LSB- Did you notice the clue ? -RSB- Will the spies be fooled by an impersonation ? Can they be flown out of the country at night ? They arrive safely in London . Mission accomplished ? There seems to be some trickery here . -LSB- Or a lack of security ? -RSB- What is Dr. Tobel drawing ? Who is after him ? Holmes explains his deductions . The bombsight is tested on Salisbury Plain -LSB- it looks like the western desert of the USA -RSB- . Will it revolutionize aerial bombardment ? There are scenes of London . Dr. Tobel wants to work independently without unwanted attention . The bombsight is composed of four parts , each one produced at independent workshops . -LSB- Are all telephone calls monitored by a government agency ? -RSB- When Dr. Tobel goes missing Sherlock Holmes looks for him while disguised . Holmes finds a person who knows something . Will he walk into a trap ? Will Moriarity eliminate Holmes at last ? Or will his plot fail ? There is a trick to raise the writing from an impression on the paper beneath . Can they decipher the code ? What if the men named are dead ? `` What is the name of the fourth man ? '' Holmes figured out the trick . Will Moriarity ? Who has the better plan ? `` A keen observation . '' `` You 've played into my hands . '' Will Lestrade and Watson arrive in time ? Will Moriarity fall into his own trap for an ironic ending ? -LSB- What about the sequel ? -RSB-
 FLAVA FLAV !!!! Step aside Tyler Perry ! There 's a new African American gentleman in town ! And his name is FLAVA FLAV !!! Sure , you may have a special place in America 's heart , Mr. Perry , and been invited onto Ophra Winfrey 's special stage to discuss your plays and movies . But you do n't stand a chance against this new -LRB- old ? -RRB- upstart , FLAVA FLAV !!! And on that regard , speaking of which , it is absolutely amazing to me that this wonderful man has been overlooked by Ophra Winfrey , and not been invited on her show to spread his positive word about the beautiful , warm , African American women on his show and the good word they spread . They truly are a role model for today 's young African American Girl.With very few exceptions , the women on this show represent the Plymouth of class , style and grace of your typical African American woman , and watching them and enjoying what they share with the entire world to see . Please exceptions below : Saaphyri Windsor
 worst round 2 ever even worse than mike tysons comebackagainst holyfield i wish i could knock the idiot out who approved him doing a second and third
 honestly , i am a big fan , loved the first season -- had high expectations about the second season -- IT IS MISSING THE REUNION SHOW !!! other than that i loved it
 I spoiled myself by starting off watching season 6 . I have just watched the first 4 episodes of season 1 and there is a huge difference . The bad guys are just as clever but there is very little in the way of the blockbuster action in season 6 . Also Jack 's wife is a whiner from hell and his daughter is nothing special . The old cliche of kidnapped wife and daughter does not help .
 Watch seasons 2-5 and you have an incredible portrayal of the man and the community that surrounds him . And you have great plot -LRB- with the dumb `` override '' section of season 4 a sorry exception -RRB- . Maybe there was nowhere to go after season 5 but down . Season 6 so far takes the hoakiness to a new level . The new CTU characters are more unlikable than ever , even O'Brian 's makeover seems to have really distorted her character . And Morris ? Why should I care if he drinks or not ? The potential of Karen Hayes to become a full-fledged character - as Michelle or the other female CTU head did - has so far been shelved and she now plays a one-dimensional 2nd fiddle to Peter McNichol 's patented grimaces and ticks . Nadia and her boyfriend are absolutely sickening to watch . The scene of them making out in CTU was the most insulting and shallow moment I 've ever seen on the show!Mr . Sutherland has expressed concerns abou the freshness of the show . We 've seen so many of these plot elements before ! Nuclear threat , presidential threat , CTU tortures its own , Jack tortures an always-guilty suspect . Oh God , PLEASE do n't let Kim appear again in another `` Perils of Pauline '' subplot!There is no change in the tone . It 's all at `` 11 '' all the time . That 's fine for Casino Royale , but not for a series.The few plusses I can think of
 Do NOT buy `` Timothy Mark presents ` Chains ' '' . This `` movie '' is just a bunch of raw footage cut together with the occasional sound of a cat stepping on an alesis synthesizer for `` sound effects '' . You would be better off spending your money on instruments of suicide . It would be more enjoyable than watching `` Timothy Mark presents Chains ''
 I purchased the entire series -LRB- separate seasons , not the entire series product -RRB- years ago from another vendor but just now had the time to start watching them . The season 4 package had 2 disk # 5s and no disk # 4 . I looked on Amazon and decided to pick up a used season 4 set so that I could continue watching the series uninterrupted . Image my disappointment to find that 2 of the episodes on the disk # 4 were damaged ! I may try renting this package from Blockbuster . Love the show , hate the quality of the product . I should point out that all the other disks in the series were good so I 'm not sure if it is something unique to season 4 .
 The product arrived in the prescribed time frame . However one of the dvd 's was badly scratched and did not work . I realize it was a used item but I think they should have screened it and let people know that one of the dvd 's was bad .
 Babylon 5 is my favorite Sci . Fi . series , and Season 4 stands equal to Season 3 as THE best in the series . I am extremely frustrated , however , with the poor quality of the Season 4 DVD collection , and would dissuade people from purchasing -LRB- rent if you 're able ! -RRB- . I 've had both sound and video issues with Season 4 , and despite my love of this series , I 'll probably not purchase Season 5 ... it 's just too maddening to tolerate the poor/intermittent sound quality and annoying video problems . Extremely irritating that a company would do such a substandard job in a DVD release .
 I have purchased all 4 seasons that were available . Every one of them have discs that are faulty . They `` freeze '' or skip scenes . Those scenes will not play . Pretty poor.I have even tried these on other DVD players ... same results.Oh yes , and ever try to get someone to acknowledge this problem and correct it ? Not happening .
 it isnt what you expect of the details , it has too much techinical errors , it was far least than i expected , such a hugedissapointment for me as a long time fan of babylon , star gateand many other sci-fi 's the DVD resolutions are good but it isnt enough the quality and the scripts arent as they used to be . .
 ok , so anyone who looks at amazon reviews quickly discovers that 5 star ratings are dished out like there 's no tomorrow : apparently we 're living in some golden age of entertainment with neverending quantities of televisual genius . oh but wait , why is there never anything good on the tv to watch ??? answer - amazon reviewers suffer from rating incontinence . and on to mystery science theatre . imagine you have come back to your rented apartment . you 're looking forward to relaxing in front of the tv watching a trashy movie . oh , your flat mate who you do n't know that well but who you suspect you will never be friends with is sitting in the living room with 2 of his friends getting ready to watch the same trashy movie . fine , you think . how painful can it be to spend one night with these people . you have just made a fatal error . these 3 people turn out to be the unfunniest , unimaginitive people you have ever had the misfortune to spend time with . they seem to think that any sentence which makes gramatical sense is ipso facto funny . their `` humour '' never builds to a crescendo or descends into a lull - they have one gear and one gear only and that gear is marked `` death by inertia '' . welcome to the world of mystery science theatre . i beg you , do not purchase this mince .
 It 's always a dicey proposition when a beloved series goes from one distributor to another , especially when Rhino did such a fantastic job with the MST3K box sets . Sadly , Shout Factory tried but came nowhere near to living up to Rhino 's standards.First , let 's discuss the packaging . The limited-edition tin is nice , but it 's massive , and needlessly so . The cheesy plastic Crow figure included in the set does n't merit the mounds of plastic it 's buried in , and neither do the thin individual DVD cases or `` lobby cards '' . As mentioned in other reviews , the box of DVDs inside the tin are crammed in so tight it 's a 50/50 chance that you 'll get them out without damaging it . The DVD cases are also prone to slip right out of the box unless you 're careful how you hold it . I liked Rhino 's fold-out single case much better . The whole tin concept turns out to be more of a pain than an enjoyment , as designed.Now , on to the DVDs . I popped `` Werewolf '' in and grabbed the remote , ready to jump to the opening movie sequence . I was surprised to find myself about 15 minutes into the episode instead of just after the `` movie sign ! '' tunnel scene as Mike & the ` bits just enter the theater . The Rhino sets had chapter stops set either right after each commercial break , or actually at each movie or host segment -LRB- do n't recall right now -RRB- . You always knew where you were going with a chapter skip , instead of just landing at some arbitrary spot in the show . They also passed on including chapter selections , all of which seems to point to ways to shave production costs . It comes off feeling like a bare-bones effort , and is rather annoying when you want to jump to or repeat a certain scene . I have n't watched the extras yet , but do appreciate something being included . Three `` History of MST3K '' shorts are included in the set.Now that the complaining is done , let 's discuss the epsiodes . You get two greats , one good , and one mediocre . `` Werewolf '' is one of the most laugh-out-loud funny episodes in series history . It 's so poorly conceived that the jokes literally write themselves , but this does n't stop Mike & the ` bots from ripping off one classic riff after another . Yuri , the man of a 1000 hair-dos , a werewolf with road rage , a female lead with an unidentifiable accent and the acting chops & emotion of a medical cadaver , the inimitable Joe Estevez ... it 's all there in this Tony Zarindast classic . The only thing saving this film from `` Plan 9 '' territory is a typical performance by B-movie veteran Richard Lynch . He can deliver the most ridiculous dialogue with convincing professionalism . `` Laserblast '' is another great episode . A truly awful early Charles Band effort , the MST3K treatment adds the fun and laughs . The South 's gon na do it again ! `` Future War '' is a good episode , falling short of greatness by a few feet . A lot of laughs , but it 's one of the films that 's so bad there are moments where the boys just seem confounded to rip away . `` First Spaceship on Venus '' is the weakest of the lot . I 'm not a huge fan of the Joel era , and this one does n't do anything to change my thoughts on that . Something better could 've been selected , but it is what it is.In any case , it 's great to see MST3K still getting the box-set treatment . This set is must have from a show/episode standpoint . I 'm not knocking the episodes at all . However , I hope that Shout Factory gets with it and includes individual chapter stops and jumps . That 's all I ask , please !
 I ordered two of these ... Both tins were damaged under the wrapping -LRB- meaning they left the factory that way -RRB- . The DVDs are crammed into the tin and you have to pry them out -- I damaged one DVD box trying to get them out.I 'm not a happy camper .
 Some movies are bad but funny because of how bad they are . This one is just slow , boring , and I got tired of watching it .
 I received this as a gift from my well-meaning spouse , with whom I watched the original airings of the first few seasons . Then we moved , and did n't have cable for a few years . For us , the show began and ended with Joel . When we next tuned in , Joel was gone , Mike was there , and we stopped watching.So we were quite disappointed to find that , for a product labeled as `` 20th anniversary '' , three quarters of the episodes were not from the period it is the 20th anniversary _ of _ . Now , my spouse could have written down the titles , and checked the wikis to see what she was going to get , but did n't have the time or inclination . So she read the box , which gives NO indication of who the host of each episode was . Nor do the individual disks , * with the exception of _ First Spaceship on Venus _ , which specifically lists Joel * . The bonus features and packaging are , as other reviewers have pointed out , very nice , but that 's not what we were looking for.I would like to see Shout ! more clearly label these releases by host -LRB- Rhino was also guilty of `` neglecting '' to mention the host either prominently , or at all , on their boxes -RRB- . But that 's just my opinion . -- Gene
 They guy is just having fun with friends , and there is no serious instruction , nothing . . I am happy that I rented it and not bought it.Eu toco pandeiro , e eu esperava muito mais do Carlinhos . . this is a shame .
 Not what I expected . The other characters are too scary for my little ones to enjoy . But I should have known better .
 It was okay.But I did n't like the fact that it was n't the orginal members . . I would not recommend for purchase ... Was rather boring also ...
 i was disappointed that the characters were different from the original and not as good
 My son loves the origninal Munsters - and I ordered this just for fun . I knew it was not the original cast , but I still had reasonable hopes . This was very disappointing . While the actors did a good job of filling their roles - the story was much edgier than any other Munster show I have seen . Santas elves were portrayed as selfish little horny brats , there were several instances of inappropriate innuendo , and there was foul language . Had I known I would not have bought it for my son . I dont think the original cast would have approved of what was done - I know I didnt .
 this was my first time watching a silent movie . it was okay but lon chaney 's performance of quasemodo . but that was the only thing i liked about the film . if you have not seen this then i recommend you do n't .
 This is a terrible , terrible adaptation of Victor Hugos novel . The novel is one of the great landmarks of Humanist Litterature , while this is simply an uptight morality-play of the somewhat Victorian orientation . Claude Frollo , one of the great villains of litterature , is in this version meek as a lamb -LRB- he 's a catholic priest for God 's sake -RRB- , while his villainy is rendered to his secular brother , Jehan , thus creating a dualism -LRB- good/evil -RRB- that is totally foreign to the humanism of the novel . Jehans villainy is consisting of his base lust after Esmaralda , the sexy gipsy girl -LRB- bad people are horny , good people are in love -RRB- . But alas , her sexuality is hampered too , even her familiar , the goat , is missing ! Phoebus , who in the novel seduced Esmaralda simply because he was able to , taking advantage of her girlish admiration for his manners and shiny armour , is turned into a coy and rather laughable vaudeville-jeune premier , his intentions are quite honorable and poor Esmaralda want 's to go to a nunnery to save his honour . Even worse , Clopin , the leader of the rebellious crowd fighting the decadent aristocracy , is portraied as a sneering creep , thus forcing us to question his heroic ambitions on a somewhat unjust grounding . And Quasimodo ? Well , Lon Chaney does his usual routine , twitching under a mass of make-up . This is really just one of his `` thousand faces '' . Nothing works , apart from the spectacular setpieces of medieval Paris . And old age ca n't be blamed -LRB- in the same period the germans were creating expressionist masterpieces still working -RRB- but simply bad storytelling . Watch the 1939-version instead , starring Charles Laughton and Maureen O'Hara , that 's a true classic . Or better still
 You did not advertise that the movie was in subtitle format . I was extremely unhappy with this product !!!!
 After his sister Charlotte is kidnapped by Indians , Sam decides to try to find her himself . With promises of gold , he lures Russian -LRB- Richard Boone -RRB- along on the trip , and they head into the Utah desert , encountering hostile Apaches , and discovering what seems to be a lost tribe who enjoy their human sacrifices . Sam and Russian are captured , and Sam must pass an impossible endurance test to save his sister 's life.The main problem with this film is its general air of hokeyness . Boone tries to make his character so `` colorful , '' that he overacts more than a room full of Gabby Hayes clones . His character is given a rather unglorious sendoff in the surprise finale , and he misses the big climax of the film . The rest of the cast tries , but the direction is very amateurish and the script is weak . Many scenes drag on forever , with characters repeating plot points again and again . The kidnapping tribe 's origin and identity is never explained , and the one Native American who can speak English comes off like a robot version of Sacheen Littlefeather . The film also runs into the age old problem many action films run into . The journey to find Charlotte is so perilous , but the glossed-over return trip home seems to have gone without a hitch.Watch for the very unconvincing day for night scenes and grainy stock footage scattered throughout . I can not recommend `` Against a Crooked Sky , '' although its heart seems to be in the right place.This is rated -LRB- PG -RRB- and contains physical violence , some gun violence , mild profanity , and very brief female nudity .
 I saw this movie in the theater when I was very young and it is a really great movie . The streaming experince of this , though , was extremely poor because it was not put in a very good format . Bummer , wish it had been in HD .
 The quality of this movie reminds one of an old video tape stored in the attic long ago . The story is simple and boring . An old and fat Richard Boone tries to give the old trapper . Oh , Paladin where are you !
 Once again we are treated to a crappy dvd release of this movie.One a daily basis we are treated to more God awful prints of movies because DVD companies do n't seek out better clean prints of movies.I do n't buy the DISCLAIMER at the beginning of the movie claiming that the print used was the best available.Surely someone has a crisp print of this film horded away.This movie is too good to get such awful treatment on DVD.The DVD format Is constantly being put to shame by rediculously bad prints put upon it.Come On people If your gon na release a movie on DVD at least find the DVD worthy print and use it.Pass on this release from EchoBridge It 's no better than what is already out there .
 I have not received this product at all , I ordered `` Man Called Horse '' also and have not received that either .
 With all the technology of today it would had been nice to see this priceless touching film without feeling you are watching a old elementary reel tape . Too bad . I am sorry I bought . The quality was awfull .
 I have ordered HUNDREDS of dvds from Amazon and this one is the worst quality color that I have experienced .
 the reproduction company TIMELESS MEDIA GROUP once again wants a fast buck . the picture quality is poor and the audio was not that good . the movie has the icon TMG inserted which is annoying . we pay good money for these dvds and expect better quality . from now on the gloves are off . dont waste money on dvds reproduced by TIMELESS MEDIA GROUP
 The movie plot was excellent ... 5 stars , but the video quality made it not worth watching for us .
 Imagine a film made by people who have absolutely no talent at film-making -- acting , directing , writing , whatever -- and you 'll have a good idea of what `` Against a Crooked Sky '' is like . It offers all the excitement of watching paint dry , without the pleasure of inhaling aromatic organics . You 'll be glancing at your watch every 30 seconds , hoping it 'll all be over before you suffer permanent brain damage.The only participant with any talent is Richard Boone , an accomplished and popular actor . But the script gives neither Boone -LRB- nor anyone else -RRB- anything interesting to say , so we wind up gazing at his sizable paunch . -LRB- I would n't be surprised if Boone made a stab at fixing the script 's many problems , then abandoned it as hopeless . -RRB- At least the dog -LRB- B'ar Killer -RRB- is cute and makes adorable noises.If you want to fall asleep without the use of addictive drugs -- this is it.PS
 Although the story is great and the actors are engaging , the quality of the video is : A P I E C E O F C R A P ! ! ! ! ! ! Some dude must have video-taped this as a bootleg copy off of a 1980 's VCR ; the video even has a `` station bug '' that shows up every 15-30 minutes!The sound is horrible , the picture is grainy and changes colors - I could go on and on . For 18 bucks , I expected a real DVD , not this . I 'd try to get my money back , but it 's probably too late . So , I will just try to warn as many folks I can to steer clear of this product and manufacturer !!!
 I purchased this DVD because I remember enjoying the movie on it 's television broadcast in the late ' 70 's . I guess I was younger and my tastes are more discerning now . First , the transfer was terrible , with much of the colors faded , washed out or `` burnt '' out . Also , images were usually soft , sometimes out of focus . I am sure this was the fault of the transfer process , not the filmmakers . This is the 2010 Echo Bridge Home Entertainment version and it is really a poor transfer . The DVD looks like a bootleg transfer from a bootleg VHS copy . The front of the package states WIDESCREEN across the bottom , but it is neither letter boxed nor a correct ratio as often the images from the left side of the screen are clearly clipped off.From a film critique point of view , the acting is stiff , and either wooden or over the top , depending on the actor in any given scene . The camera work may have been OK , the transfer kills any hope of seeing good photography . I think the story is very good and could have been so much better . This is one of the few times I would like to see a re-make , as I think the story had much potential . The final `` Race Against Crooked Sky '' should have been an edge of the seat nail biter . It was n't . The characters motivations lack depth or commitment . You feel as if the characters are motivated only because that is what the script told them to do or say . Richard Boone is somewhat entertaining , doing a somewhat of a `` Rooster Cogburn '' type character.Last note , this particular transfer is the edited version , definitely PG , as the brief nudity discussed in other reviews is not present in this transfer .
 i would not buy this dvd . the company timeless media group did not do very well making this dvd . the icon tmg is in the movie and the picture quality and audio is not very good
 When Iwas a young boy I saw this film and thought it was the greatest . Years later I tracked it down and watched it . Guess I 'd grown up.This film is simplistic and overdone . The old 49er is way over the top . He reminds me of Gabby Johnson from Blazing Saddles . `` Not only did he say that in athentic frontier gibberish ... -RRB- There are much better films out there . Rent Smoke Signals . Its reality .
 I was really looking forward to seeing this film and have never been so disappointed ! The story was slow , and the acting stilted . Richard Boone was the only saving grace and even he was n't at his best . The photography was wonderful but that is all I can recommend .
 `` Alice Adams '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- Is Another Booth Tarkington Soap Opera Movie With Kate Hepburn Miscast , Sadly , 8 August 2012Hepburn won the Best Actress Academy Award for Morning Glory -LRB- 1933 -RRB- playing an upwardly mobile wanna-be newly arrived to NYC stage actress who comes out a winner in the end.Before that , we saw Hepburn in the 1932 version of A Bill Of Divorcement -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , a movie which , like Alice Adams -LRB- 1935 -RRB- had been both a stage play and a silent movie more than a decade before the belated Hepburn versions of the 1930 's . In `` Divorcement , '' Hepburn plays a snappy , perky , attractive socialite young woman -LRB- a d&eacute;butante type -RRB- with a handsome fianc&eacute; boyfriend who looks terrific in the tuxedo he always wears to the English mansion where Kate lives with her family.The goofy Bill Of Divorcement -LRB- 1932 -RRB- story forces Hepburn to depart from the ways of a smart girl , and start thinking and doing dumb things ... just pay attention to Hepburn as presented at the start of the story ... and ignore the unfolding story which the Hepburn character gets swept into ... not her fault!Soooooooooo ... in `` Divorcement '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , Kate 's first movie , she plays a rich girl who is smart , attractive , and interesting . She got third billing after main star John Barrymore and lead female star , Billie Burke ... we see Kate Hepburn as a newcomer actress -LRB- age 25 in 1932 -RRB- rising dazzlingly.Then comes Morning Glory -LRB- 1933 -RRB- where she is also a star rising dazzlingly , but not living in a mansion and part of the gentry as she makes her way into our hearts . Poor little rich girl who makes it.Then comes Alice Adams -LRB- 1935 -RRB- which casts Kate -LRB- to alliterate a bit ! -RRB- as a loser poor girl with slob family members who increase her problems . Kate keeps smiling all the while , but sheds a tear from time to time , recognizing as she does she 's a loser.Well ... Kate Hepburn is no loser and never was . She was miscast in the Alice Adams -LRB- 1935 -RRB- soap opera , and thankfully this was the last time.After Alice Adams -LRB- 1935 -RRB- , the real Kate Hepburn emerges and triumphs every time in Sylvia Scarlett -LRB- 1935 -RRB- , Stage Door -LRB- 1937 -RRB- , Holiday -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , and her crowning glory stage play turned very good movie , The Philadelphia Story -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , the last two scripts written by the brilliant Philip Barry.Young , less than 35 years old Katherine Hepburn 's best movies started with A Bill Of Divorcement -LRB- 1932 -RRB- and continued without interruption with Sylvia Scarlett -LRB- 1935 -RRB- through The Philadelphia Story -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , with Morning Glory -LRB- 1933 -RRB- an interesting exception which does n't fit with the other movies , but is an OK movie.Alice Adams -LRB- 1935 -RRB- does n't make it.Sob sister Booth Tarkington did n't provide a good story , as he also did n't for poor friendless -LRB- in 1942 -RRB- Orson Welles who had trouble with Tarkington 's soap opera dysfunctional rich family story , The Magnificent Ambersons -LRB- 1942 -RRB- . --------------- Written by Tex Allen , SAG movie actor.See WWW.IMDb.Me/TexAllen for more about Tex.Email Tex at TexAllen@Rocketmail.Com
 throughout her career I have found Hepburn to always rattle on too fast and breathy ... signs of a nervous performance but that is the last characteristic of this well founded famous talent , so what 's the deal ? Dinner scene was akin to nails on blackboard and how this Hollywood ending made ANY sense after such an extreme display of low self esteem , the book knows better ... Hattie shamelessly gnawing on gum , fidgeting with the flimsy maid doilie hat , and expressing disgust in no uncertain terms made the most impressive honest delivery in the film , recommend for her performance alone !
 Hepburn at her youngest and most beautiful , but a film flawed by clich&eacute; , casting , and motive . The movie comes from a Tarkington book that had inexplicably won a Pulitzer prize and is a lame expose of small town class systems and social climbing - Tarkington 's book became a screenplay with none of the bite or insight of Sinclair Lewis ' work . As to the casting , everyone except Hepburn delivers a 2 dimensional 30 's - ish performance except the father who falls perilously close to muggery and caricature . He is a cross between the cowardly lion and a Little Rascal 's parent.Hepburn herself plays a young woman who is increasingly hypocritical and a liar in pursuit of a young man . The dinner sequence , justly remembered in Hollywood , shows her as luminous , bright , and brittle . However , it 's all like watching Jerry Lewis play the idiot doomed to fail - very , very painful . The final redemption , after Hepburn becomes an honest woman , is less than believable . We had no character development of the Fred MacMurray character , so when he does the right thing , its because it 's a Hollywood ending.Leonard Maltin rated this 3 in his guide - shame on you Leonard !
 I am a fan of older westerns in general and of Tim McCoy in particular . That is why I purchased Bulldog Courage particularly when posted reviews said the film was `` restored/remastered '' . I have any number of `` restored/remastered '' films in my DVD collection . Sadly this film `` ai n't one of 'em ! '' The print is lousy and a huge disappointment . The film 's story content itself is pretty good.Buyer beware !
 Bulldog Courage , 1935 filmA horse-drawn wagon goes down a street , the sidewalks are made of wood . A strongbox is placed on the stagecoach , extra guards in front . A gang awaits the stagecoach , a few of them draws off the mounted guards , the others rob the stagecoach of the strongbox . A message explains why . The Sheriff raises a posse to hunt `` The Phantom '' . Some follow the tracks from the strongbox . Shots are fired , Slim Braddock is hurt and on foot . He is captured.A suit against Pete Brannon is delayed until the bank shipment arrives . But four masked men stop the stagecoach and rob the package . A lone gunman robs the robbers . Can he return the package to Brannon ? Will he meet Ellen , his first girlfriend ? Tim Braddock gets a receipt for the money.Pete Brannon plans to sell to Stanley . Is the buyer a dummy for Williams ? They examine the mine . Who sabotaged the mine supports ? Bailey comes along to do his expert work . Braddock locks him up , and uses his identity . Someone is n't fooled , and locates Bailey . Braddock is n't fooled . Williams is caught but flees . Braddock and Bailey flee the mine before the explosion . Will Williams be trapped by the explosion ? Will the discovery of gold mean a happy ending for the Brannon 's ? Will Tim get revenge for his father?The classic western movie was concerned with saving the property of a small business owner from the greed of a local rich and powerful man . This played well to the audiences of the 1930s and 1940s . Asa Mercer 's book `` The Banditti of the Plains '' inspired many such stories .
 If you find yourself unable to sleep , no matter how hard you try , put this dvd in and you 'll be off to dreamland in no time . If your enterested in the real Jack The Ripper , you wo n't find him here . If you are a collector of bad movies , this one for you . This movie is so bad , it 's almost a must to have .
 How the hell can they release two movies named `` Last Man Standing '' in the same year , especially when they have nothing else in common except that they are action movies -LRB- And that the one with Bruce Willis is better -RRB- . Well anyway in this movie Jeff Wincott plays this cop whos being chased by both sides of the law and he actually gets stains in his suit -LRB- He wears the same kind of suit all the time in different coloours -RRB- .
 The shootout in the Hyatt totally lost me before it was even through . Completely unrealistic ballistics ... I wo n't waste another second watching this POS .
 The story of the movie is fine , as other reviewers have pointed out . Unfortunately , this particular product was created from a print of the film -LRB- rather than remastered -RRB- and it yields very weak picture quality throughout . Blemishes appear with regularity in the picture . There are skips here and there and the color washes out from time to time . I kept the DVD for the soundtrack only - the picture quality just simply is not good .
 I have no quarrel with the movie . But I picked the wrong version . The thumbnail cover picture showed `` Cinemascope '' so I figured this was a good bet . Wrong . First , it is in widescreen , but it 's 4:3 Letterbox , not 16:9 anamorphic . You can still zoom in to fill your screen , but the resolution is very poor . In fact it 's poor even before zooming . And , oh yes , the letters `` RE '' are displayed in great big letters in the lower right hand corner of the screen -- for the entire movie ! Maybe I should thank Reel Enterprises for doing that to remind me to never purchase any of their DVD products again . Guess I should have bought the remastered edition advertised further up the page , but this one had a later release date -LRB- 2006 -RRB- so I figured it would be okay . Avoid this version .
 The Video quality stinks , the audio is not much better , the DVD froze twice in the middle of the movie & I had to advance it , also you have to view a corporate logo RE on the screen the entire movie . No entertainment value at all .
 Very poor quality print . I am so dissapointed . Had I known , I would not have purchased and I have such good memories of when I first saw it .
 LOW QUALITY TRANSFER , SO BLURRY IT WAS HARD TO WATCH -LRB- coulde n't make it all the way thru.I COULD BARELY TELL WHO THE ACTORS ARE .
 Beneath The Twelve Mile Reef is a wonderful and thoroughly entertaining movie that deserves a full restoration . Unfortunately it does not get that here . The DVD version I am reviewing is the release from A2ZCDS.com . It claims to be a remastered version . I do n't see any evidence of that . The only thing that is correct about this print is that it is in the original cinemascope super-widescreen aspect ratio of the original theatrical release . But the print on this DVD is badly worn . The vibrant colors of cinemascope have become faded out and oxidized . But worse still , the coloration oscillates constantly throughout the movie , constantly going back and forth between faded but accurate colors , to a brownish oxidized coloration . If A2ZCDS.com made any attempt at restoration , it was a failure . This movie deserves the UCLA digital restoration treatment to bring it back to life.I find this movie totally enjoyable . The actors are some of my favorites
 I purchased the basic -LRB- Not Remastered Version -RRB- Looks like a bad copy from a VHS tape i only watched the first 10 minutes then turned it off , it would have spoilt the memory of what it was . Now featuring Washed out color artifacts scratches and more.i should have returned it but i am too lazy , will now purchase the remastered version and hope for better.If not better you will `` HEAR `` from me
 I have seen this movie many times on TV over the years and have always enjoyed it . Robert Wagner was so young and in his early years of his acting career . When I saw that a DVD was available I felt I had to have it , but this is not the one to buy . It is without a doubt the worst conversion to DVD that I have seen . It is blurry , and washed out in most of the film with lots of scratches running down the picture . It was obviously put together from a bunch of different reels from different copies . I ca n't blame the seller for this but I would n't buy the DVD made by Alpha Video -LRB- AP6004D -RRB- .
 I would love to review this product , I paid for it so I expected to be able to view it unfortunately i could not . So If you decide to purchase it I hope you have better luck then me .
 First of all , Heather Locklear can only recite lines . She has absolutely no acting skill whatsoever . There was not a single scene in this aweful excuse for a film that she gave one shred of credibility.Whoever wrote the script also needs some lessons . They attempted to rip off `` How Stella Got Her Groove Back '' , but apparently they ca n't even steal very well . They also have n't spent very much time around kids . They wrote the kids as being so polite and so caring and so loving and so obedient . They endlessly doted on their mother for her birthday . Uhh ... Im sorry ... but kids fight and call each names and whine sometimes . The kids in this movie were far too sweet to be believable.Locklear also needs to file a lawsuit against whoever is giving her the plastic surgery . Her lips look ridiculous . She looks like she got stung in the mouth by bees . Her attempt to stave off being forty is n't working.If you enjoy ridiculously contrived plots and horrid acting , then feel free to waste your time on this . But if you have any standards at all , there are many many many love stories better than this tripe .
 The title should be renamed Flirting with Forty -LRB- that looks like 60 -RRB- . Heather looks great for someone who got a lot of plastic surgery that went awry . If she was able to act , then this movie might have been somewhat enjoyable . Not good ...
 Ca n't really say much but I 'm still waiting to receive this DVD . I order two other dvd 's at the same time , one from America - got in 5 days , 1 from Canada got in 3 days and still one I 've been now waiting over 2 months !!! I would not recommend this company ! I give it 1 star only because I ca n't give it less
 A group of teenaged camp councilors take over the running of a Summer camp after the camp director is struck by lightening.I have just finished rewatching through my Daniel Waters collection and `` Happy Campers '' is by far the weakest of the lot . Waters , who also wrote `` Heathers '' , `` Hudson Hawk '' , `` Batman Returns '' , and `` Demolition Man '' , generally writes scripts with strong , often far-fetched , plot lines that are enhanced by interesting and often psychotic characters . However , in `` Happy Campers '' , his directorial debut , Waters moves away from the pattern that he established in his earlier works , and produces a character-driven piece the is completely unfocussed and leads absolutely nowhere . It 's not that the film is completely without merit , the cast -LRB- which includes Brad Renfro , Dominique Swain , Justin Long , Emily Bergl and James King -RRB- is strong and Waters ' trademark black humour is still there . However , there are just too many characters in the film for proper character development and the lack of focus makes it difficult to remain interested at times . This film promises a lot but fails to deliver and the ending is one of the lamest I have seen in my entire life .
 `` Happy Campers '' is a useful movie only because it prompts basic questions about its writer/director Daniel Waters and his breakout film `` Heathers '' -LRB- which he wrote but did not direct -RRB- . Did he use up all his good stuff writing the Heathers screenplay and have nothing left for `` Happy Campers ? Did he lose most of his active brain cells shortly after making Heathers -LRB- an event that would account for both the ` Hudson Hawk `` and the `` Happy Campers '' screenplays -RRB- ? Was Heathers just a happy accident ? Or is Heathers so open-ended that critics and viewers attributed significance to a very ordinary movie . All these explanations are possible either jointly or collectively.For `` Happy Campers '' Waters tries to weave `` Breakfast Club '' themes into a `` Meatballs '' story . So you get tedious voice-over suggestions about how the artificial bounds of the high school hierarchy can sometimes be bridged by spending a couple months together as summer camp counselors . Like each detention server in `` The Breakfast Club '' , each counselor is an easily identified stereotype . And over the course of camp each is supposed to go through changes , at least that appears to be the premise.Unfortunately the script has difficulty communicating this process despite an unprecedented amount of voice-over narration . All seven of the main characters get some voice-over time , a device that is very confusing and pretty much destroys any possibility of the movie having any unified theme.Dominique Swain has the biggest part as Wendy , the terminally peppy cheerleader type -LRB- appropriately pictured in a cheerleader outfit on the DVD -RRB- . Swain is the only good thing about the movie , it is an over-the-top caricature that plays to her acting strengths . This is the type of role Swain should be playing , one that requires self-parody rather than subtlety . She also benefits by relative comparison to James -LRB- Jaime -RRB- King-whose acting skills are in the Kathy Ireland mold , as well as from being paired with the physically miscast Brad Renfro-who manages to drain all energy from each scene in which he appears . The other four counselors have a fair about of screen time and some lame misadventures but nothing particularly memorable.Some effort is made to introduce the actual summer campers to the story but none of it even remotely works . `` Meatballs '' was able to get away with shallow character development because it was basically just a Bill Murray vehicle . Although Swain might have been able to carry the whole thing like Murray the script does not allow this and things never really get going in `` Happy Campers '' . Waters apparently believed that audiences would react positively to a movie where 90 % of the comedy involved sexual references that most preteens would consider moronic . Hey Daniel , did you pay someone to write that Heathers '' screenplay for you.Then again , what do I know ? I 'm only a child .
 It wasnt all that bad . It had its moments . Brad Renfro -LRB- Bully -RRB- , Dominique Swain -LRB- Face/Off -RRB- , Keram Malicki-Sanchez -LRB- tv 's Buffy The Vampire Slayer -RRB- , Emily Bergl -LRB- The Rage
 Blech ! I really like all the young actors that were in this movie and expected it to be really funny and cute . WRONG ! It was a bizarre combination of shock tactics trying to show how edgey they all were . The only redeeming actor was Justin Long . The rest of the movie was a waste of brain cells .
 `` Happy Campers '' examines a group of summer campers at Camp Bleeding Dove , somewhere near the Carolinas.The focus of the film is found in the relationships between seven camp counselors . Wichita -LRB- played by Brad Renfro -RRB- wants to get through the summer by being practical and honest with the campers and without entanglements from the other counselors . Wendy -LRB- Dominique Swain -RRB- wants a more romantic and ideal environment , which includes having an enduring relationship with Brad . The other counselors eye each other , with a couple looking extra hard at Brad.The kids have their traditional issues
 This is n't your typical teenage flick , no ; it 's far worse , the acting is substandard and someone forgot to have a plot . I purchased this DVD at the request of my daughters , they are Brad Renfro fans but even they were disapointed . I recommend renting this first before you purchase a DVD , you may save yourself a little green .
 I enjoy watching teen movies because I 'm ever so curious about how the director sees this particular age group and the misconceptions present in his view as much as in the teens ' view of things.This movie is unlike most teen `` romantic comedies '' I 've seen , and not necessarily in a good way . First of all , the main characters are unlikeable and do n't represent actual categories of people in real life : We have the good looking rebel who 's actually not so rebellious after all but then gets back to his old ways -LRB- stupid twist if you ask me -RRB- , the nerd who ca n't get any -LRB- they picked the worst possible guy to play the nerd ; he 's actually pretty good looking and a funny guy ... -RRB- , the nerdy girl who has n't grown up yet -LRB- ends up hooking up with the rebel but they break up -RRB- , the gay guy -LRB- I have no idea what his role in this movie was -RRB- , the aggressive victim of child abuse -LRB- ... -RRB- , the freaky nympho with a tint of lesbian -LRB- what the hell were you thinking Daniel Waters ? -RRB- and finally the rebel 's childhood best friend who falls in love with him and is rejected -LRB- the film focuses about 5 minutes of its total 88 on this character ... I do n't know why she 's even here , she has no obvious role and her situation does n't reflect at all in the real world -RRB- . Next up , I think the director is sexually obsessed or something . Ok , I know sex is an important part of a teenager 's life but this movie is about lame 13 year old girls aching for sex and even lamer 19 year olds who have nothing else better to do . If I wanted to see hormonal imbalance , I would go watch Discovery Channel . There are more important things in life than sex , and this `` masterpiece '' definitely does n't illustrate them . The characters ' thoughts and actions are limited to the camp itself and the director focuses too much on useless stuff and tries to create stereotypes , but fails miserably . Most teen movies have a moral side to them , they teach the audience certain values , unlike `` Happy Campers '' . This movie only taught me that it 's so cool to be obsessed about sex , it 's cool for 12 year old girls to think they 're oh-so-hot women , that only the absolute best looking guys hook up -LRB- not true in the real world -RRB- and more -LSB- ... -RSB- . Also the director makes completely ridiculous situations seem normal , such as the camp leader getting hit by lightning and then acting completely weird , the counsellors buying 47203 boxes of condoms -LRB- there 's only so much sex you can have in 40 days ... -RRB- , the whole `` Do n't - touch-me Todd '' thing , and so on and so forth.This movie is n't worth the $ 2 I paid to rent it . Those who think this is better than the American Pie series should go out more . American Pie was a work of art , this is a piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 A mediocre piece of realist propaganda , now elevated to the ranks of `` film greats '' because of its conformity to certain techniques of the era , this film has nothing to offer except rigid , cliched `` villains '' -LRB- the Germans -RRB- and the `` noble born oppressed '' -LRB- Italians -RRB- . It is sentimentalizing at its worse , I particularly found the portrayal of the German commander weak , as he looked like a gerbil , and did not seem very apt or capable . There is very little in the way of story and the expected brutality of the Germans is what takes up the greater part of the screen time , how predictable .
 I agree with most of reviewer here that Roberto Rossellini 's Open City is a great film - ground-breaking work that is yet entertaining in the most simple way . However , it appears that most of the reviewers refer to the VHS version . I bought this DVD the moment I heard that it was on DVD , and am much disappointed . Overall transfer is substandard , subtitles miss a bulk of dialogues , and most of all , there is at least one missing shot that I noticed in this transfer -LRB- It is the famous shot in which the resistant is being tortured by blowtorch -RRB- . I had VHS released by Connoisseur , which is superior to this DVD on every level.So buy VHS or better yet tell Image to restore this gem .
 I agree with many reviewers here that this is truly a great film . Someone mentioned that the story is melodramatic or even propagandistic , which is true , but it is really beside the point in this case . What is important here is how the simple story is told in even simpler way in this ground-breaking film , transporting the viewers to the breathtaking moments of last days of WWII in Rome . However , I think many reviews actually refer to VHS version because DVD -LRB- released by Image , I think , from Blackwell Films -RRB- is even worse than VHS -LRB- released by Connoisseur -RRB- . I bought this title as soon as I heard it was on DVD , and I was much disappointed to say the least . The transfer is substandard in overall , subtitles miss whole bulk of dialogues , and most of all , there is even a missing shot from the film -LRB- It is the famous shot in which the resistant is being tortured with torchblow -RRB- . My advice is
 If you want a better quality version of this film , wait a couple of months . Criterion 's Eclipse division will be releasing it as part of a set called `` Roberto Rossellini 's War Trilogy '' with `` Paisa '' and `` Germany - Year Zero '' .
 Terrible transfer and entire passages of dialogue untranslated . The case indicates that it was taken from a `` pristine '' 35mm print of the film . NOT TRUE , unless pristine means barely watchable . I would wait and hope Criterion releases it .
 Can a movie be this dull boring and still be hailed as a masterpiece by some ? Wow . Yes it can . This was one of the most irritating movies I have ever seen . Nothing happens . The most mundane things are shown for minutes . No narrative . The balloon has NOTHING to do with the movie . I watched the whole thing thinking that it would get better or something would be explained . Just a bore . Complete and utter bore . Avoid at all costs .
 * 1/2Hou Hsaio Hsien 's `` The Flight of the Red Balloon '' is a tribute of sorts to 1956 's `` The Red Balloon , '' probably the most well known and widely seen short film of all time . That movie told the simple but lyrical tale of a young boy who is followed around the streets of Paris by a helium-filled balloon that seems to have a life and mind of its own . But if you go into this new film expecting anything close to a remake of the first one , you will be supremely disappointed . `` The Flight of the Red Balloon '' is also set in Paris and it DOES feature a balloon and a boy - but that 's about as far as the comparisons go between the two movies . What `` The Flight of the Red Balloon '' fails to capture is that special spirit of wonder , magic and imagination that has so enchanted `` Red Balloon '' aficionados for generations . Instead , we 're stuck with a mind-numbingly tedious story involving a single mother -LRB- Juliette Binoche -RRB- , her somewhat soporific son -LRB- Simon Iteanu -RRB- , and a Chinese filmmaker -LRB- Fang Song -RRB- who serves as the boy 's nanny and who wants to make a movie of her own modeled after `` The Red Balloon . '' For long stretches of time , the title character does n't even appear in the film , and you may find yourself wanting to holler `` Bring on the balloon ! '' everytime these self-absorbed characters launch into yet another of their eternal gabfests . In fact , when the balloon does make one of its infrequent appearances , all it does is hover around the edges of the scene to no discernible point or purpose.Too bad these nonstop blatherers did n't yield more of their screen time to the balloon .
 This is not a remake of the original 1954 french classic . This is an arthouse inspired borefest that I truely wanted to love . Julie B is fantastic in everyfilm i have seen her in . She can not even save this drawl of a film . This film is more like a day in a life drama with no real conflict that pulls you in . The director utilizes unnecessary long takes that build up to nothing . The red balloon itself is merely a metaphor and appears only in the first scene in the film and with sprinkles of appearances in the body of the film and in the films odd and depressing conclusion . Waste of time . Stay away and buy the digital remaster of The Red Balloon .
 About 10 minutes into this film I realized that I had no idea what the characters looked like . Then I realized that every shot was either a long shot , or we saw the sides of their heads and mostly their hair , or we saw the characters through a glass or reflected in a glass . There was one close up of Juliette Binoche but that was all the director gave us . I left the film feeling as if I never was able to get close to the characters I was watching . Which was too bad because their performances were wonderful.Whenever the balloon came into the picture it was also at a distance . There seemed to be no connection between each of the characters or of the balloon . This film has serious intimacy issues . Right afterwards I saw the film `` Bella '' and was struck by how powerful a close up shot could be .
 I wish I would have read more about this movie before I spent my time watching it . I found it to be amazingly boring . I gave it two stars simply because of the convincing acting -LRB- especially by Juliette Binoche -RRB- . I always give the benefit of the doubt to foreign/non-conventional films , but this one just never `` took-off '' -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . I found myself saying `` okay , maybe the mother has a drinking problem '' , or `` maybe Song falls in love with the mother '' or `` maybe something happens to the kid while chasing the red balloon '' , anything just to inject some life into the movie ! I think unless you are in film school or like artistic films or are extremely patient and have nothing better to do , you may doze-off -LRB- like my wife did on several occassions -RRB- . Be ready with the fast-forward button on your remote ! : -RRB-
 What a disappointment . I love this movie , but while the `` Format '' said `` Full Screen , Subtitled , Widescreen , '' it was only full screen . I ca n't think of a movie hurt more by having the ends cut off . The credits were widescreen -- maybe that 's what they meant , but this should be clearly stated . I tried flipping it over and my DVD player gave me question marks.It 's really a wonderful film , terribly underrated in my opinion . Cooper breathes weariness and pain better than any actor ever has . It 's not flamboyant acting , it 's just in him -LRB- actual chronic back pain may have helped -RRB- . Hayworth and the evil guys are all wonderful . The panorama , when you can see it , is lonely , dusty and moving . A more ironic and yet deeply inspiring film on heroism was never made.The only thing lacking when you can see the movie correctly -LRB- not this DVD -RRB- is Sinatra 's title song , which was n't used . Too bad .
 Amazon lists this as anamorphic widescreen 2.35 because that is the information printed on the insert in the back of the case.But it is actually full screen , so if you want to watch this film as it was meant to be seen you should avoid this clumsy reproduction .
 I watched this on YouTube to not have to buy or rent it , and can not recommend this to anyone . This is one of the most tiring movies I 've ever sat through . Though it has my favorite actor , Gary Cooper , I feel he was horribly miscast . Due to his health , according to Wikipedia , he was advised not to film it in such heat . Probably because of his health , his voice sounds weak and stodgy , and I think his acting also suffers when he plays characters that are as internalized as this one . His High Noon persona was internalized , but not to the point of being emotionally closed off from other people like he seems in this movie . The story is entirely psychologically focused , on the ulterior motives behind acts of bravery . The theme of the movie is presented in a statement by the actress , Rita Hayworth , that one act of cowardice or bravery does n't make you one forever . Somehow , movies that are intended to have a redemptive message often seem to get stuck in the quagmire of human depravity much longer than necessary . The consistently drab terrain and single-minded focus on the savagery of Gary Cooper 's fellow soldiers make the movie actually rather painful to watch . The best acting comes from Van Heflin , who constantly tries to mutiny against Cooper as they 're heading to Cordura after a raid on some of Pancho Villa 's men -LRB- at which time they picked up Rita Hayworth -RRB- . Dick York , who later played Darrin on the show Bewitched , had his career ruined ultimately by a back injury from filming the end of They Came to Cordura . The ending is intended to be inspiring as the soldiers realize they have the potential for heroism , but it does n't make up for the constant , overdone savagery they exhibited towards each other earlier in the movie . John Wayne said about it -LRB- imdb.com -RRB-
 They Came to Cordura is one of those good ideas that never really works , as Gary Cooper 's disgraced officer in Pershing 's disastrous Mexican misadventure escorts a motley group of heroes he 's recommending for the Medal of Honor to Cordura , hoping to find out the secret of their courage only to discover that one moment of unselfish heroism does n't necessarily redeem a man anymore than one act of cowardice damns him . After a spectacular early battle , action is thin on the ground , with the film more concerned with the way this increasingly lost patrol gradually turn on each other as bandits and disease turn their simple journey into a test of endurance and character . Despite boasting an impressive cast - Cooper , Rita Hayworth , Van Heflin , Richard Conte - the performances are more professional than inspired , with Tab Hunter of all people giving the best performance by far as the ambitious young officer who , like the various others , has his own reasons not to want the medal .
 This has got to be one of the most boring movies ever made . It goes on and on and on with nothing happening . You would be much less bored at a lecture on the origin of trigonometry . I saw it brand new when I was 15 in 1959 . I know I was young , but I saw many serious films that year -LRB- I went to the movies every Saturday -RRB- -- films like Imitation of Life , Anatomy of a Murder , On the Beach , Room At the Top , The Sound and the Fury , and Suddenly Last Summer -LRB- to name just a few -RRB- , and I loved them and stayed interested . I do n't think I was too young to appreciate this movie at age 15 because I tried to watch it a couple of years ago on TV and got just as bored . Even with these big stars -LRB- mostly just going through the motions here -RRB- this is one of the biggest flops in history . Save your money .
 This could have been so much better but for Cooper 's wooden performance as the cowardly major . He 's so one-dimensional you want to cry `` please find me an actor ! '' THe rest of the cast is pretty good , but the menacing sergeant is really good . At about the 2/3 mark the story began getting very morally complex and I was expecting a great ending , but that 's where the movie flops . At the end all the soldiers and the mutinous lieutenant march off willingly to Cordura , led by the sergeant -- the one person who could never go there ! Terrible ! Shame on the director , editor , and writers to ruin what was a slow-moving , stilted affair but which was leading to what promised to be a good climax . The last scene is so ridiculous you 'll end up ticked off you wasted your time .
 I wanted to like this movie . The premise is excellent and not often explored but Cooper was like a Zombie and I love Hayworth but not in this movie . She looked lost . Great actors and wasted in my opinion.Sets were excellent but the acting and story line left much to be desired . Maybe it was the cuts from the original version . I did n't even record it when it was on TV to watch the second time . I felt the first time I saw it I did n't like it .
 This movie is a failure in every way - I do not know what theother reviewers are talking about ... This movie is about a bunch of people wandering around in the desert through the whole movie until the end.Cooper is too old and one does not like him playing a coward.Hayworth is the only good thing about it . She plays greatand looks great . This was her last A-movie for Columbia.Afterwards her big career was over in 1959 .
 `` Happy Campers '' examines a group of summer campers at Camp Bleeding Dove , somewhere near the Carolinas.The focus of the film is found in the relationships between seven camp counselors . Wichita -LRB- played by Brad Renfro -RRB- wants to get through the summer by being practical and honest with the campers and without entanglements from the other counselors . Wendy -LRB- Dominique Swain -RRB- wants a more romantic and ideal environment , which includes having an enduring relationship with Brad . The other counselors eye each other , with a couple looking extra hard at Brad.The kids have their traditional issues
 This is n't your typical teenage flick , no ; it 's far worse , the acting is substandard and someone forgot to have a plot . I purchased this DVD at the request of my daughters , they are Brad Renfro fans but even they were disapointed . I recommend renting this first before you purchase a DVD , you may save yourself a little green .
 I enjoy watching teen movies because I 'm ever so curious about how the director sees this particular age group and the misconceptions present in his view as much as in the teens ' view of things.This movie is unlike most teen `` romantic comedies '' I 've seen , and not necessarily in a good way . First of all , the main characters are unlikeable and do n't represent actual categories of people in real life : We have the good looking rebel who 's actually not so rebellious after all but then gets back to his old ways -LRB- stupid twist if you ask me -RRB- , the nerd who ca n't get any -LRB- they picked the worst possible guy to play the nerd ; he 's actually pretty good looking and a funny guy ... -RRB- , the nerdy girl who has n't grown up yet -LRB- ends up hooking up with the rebel but they break up -RRB- , the gay guy -LRB- I have no idea what his role in this movie was -RRB- , the aggressive victim of child abuse -LRB- ... -RRB- , the freaky nympho with a tint of lesbian -LRB- what the hell were you thinking Daniel Waters ? -RRB- and finally the rebel 's childhood best friend who falls in love with him and is rejected -LRB- the film focuses about 5 minutes of its total 88 on this character ... I do n't know why she 's even here , she has no obvious role and her situation does n't reflect at all in the real world -RRB- . Next up , I think the director is sexually obsessed or something . Ok , I know sex is an important part of a teenager 's life but this movie is about lame 13 year old girls aching for sex and even lamer 19 year olds who have nothing else better to do . If I wanted to see hormonal imbalance , I would go watch Discovery Channel . There are more important things in life than sex , and this `` masterpiece '' definitely does n't illustrate them . The characters ' thoughts and actions are limited to the camp itself and the director focuses too much on useless stuff and tries to create stereotypes , but fails miserably . Most teen movies have a moral side to them , they teach the audience certain values , unlike `` Happy Campers '' . This movie only taught me that it 's so cool to be obsessed about sex , it 's cool for 12 year old girls to think they 're oh-so-hot women , that only the absolute best looking guys hook up -LRB- not true in the real world -RRB- and more -LSB- ... -RSB- . Also the director makes completely ridiculous situations seem normal , such as the camp leader getting hit by lightning and then acting completely weird , the counsellors buying 47203 boxes of condoms -LRB- there 's only so much sex you can have in 40 days ... -RRB- , the whole `` Do n't - touch-me Todd '' thing , and so on and so forth.This movie is n't worth the $ 2 I paid to rent it . Those who think this is better than the American Pie series should go out more . American Pie was a work of art , this is a piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Ca n't really say much but I 'm still waiting to receive this DVD . I order two other dvd 's at the same time , one from America - got in 5 days , 1 from Canada got in 3 days and still one I 've been now waiting over 2 months !!! I would not recommend this company ! I give it 1 star only because I ca n't give it less
 A group of teenaged camp councilors take over the running of a Summer camp after the camp director is struck by lightening.I have just finished rewatching through my Daniel Waters collection and `` Happy Campers '' is by far the weakest of the lot . Waters , who also wrote `` Heathers '' , `` Hudson Hawk '' , `` Batman Returns '' , and `` Demolition Man '' , generally writes scripts with strong , often far-fetched , plot lines that are enhanced by interesting and often psychotic characters . However , in `` Happy Campers '' , his directorial debut , Waters moves away from the pattern that he established in his earlier works , and produces a character-driven piece the is completely unfocussed and leads absolutely nowhere . It 's not that the film is completely without merit , the cast -LRB- which includes Brad Renfro , Dominique Swain , Justin Long , Emily Bergl and James King -RRB- is strong and Waters ' trademark black humour is still there . However , there are just too many characters in the film for proper character development and the lack of focus makes it difficult to remain interested at times . This film promises a lot but fails to deliver and the ending is one of the lamest I have seen in my entire life .
 `` Happy Campers '' is a useful movie only because it prompts basic questions about its writer/director Daniel Waters and his breakout film `` Heathers '' -LRB- which he wrote but did not direct -RRB- . Did he use up all his good stuff writing the Heathers screenplay and have nothing left for `` Happy Campers ? Did he lose most of his active brain cells shortly after making Heathers -LRB- an event that would account for both the ` Hudson Hawk `` and the `` Happy Campers '' screenplays -RRB- ? Was Heathers just a happy accident ? Or is Heathers so open-ended that critics and viewers attributed significance to a very ordinary movie . All these explanations are possible either jointly or collectively.For `` Happy Campers '' Waters tries to weave `` Breakfast Club '' themes into a `` Meatballs '' story . So you get tedious voice-over suggestions about how the artificial bounds of the high school hierarchy can sometimes be bridged by spending a couple months together as summer camp counselors . Like each detention server in `` The Breakfast Club '' , each counselor is an easily identified stereotype . And over the course of camp each is supposed to go through changes , at least that appears to be the premise.Unfortunately the script has difficulty communicating this process despite an unprecedented amount of voice-over narration . All seven of the main characters get some voice-over time , a device that is very confusing and pretty much destroys any possibility of the movie having any unified theme.Dominique Swain has the biggest part as Wendy , the terminally peppy cheerleader type -LRB- appropriately pictured in a cheerleader outfit on the DVD -RRB- . Swain is the only good thing about the movie , it is an over-the-top caricature that plays to her acting strengths . This is the type of role Swain should be playing , one that requires self-parody rather than subtlety . She also benefits by relative comparison to James -LRB- Jaime -RRB- King-whose acting skills are in the Kathy Ireland mold , as well as from being paired with the physically miscast Brad Renfro-who manages to drain all energy from each scene in which he appears . The other four counselors have a fair about of screen time and some lame misadventures but nothing particularly memorable.Some effort is made to introduce the actual summer campers to the story but none of it even remotely works . `` Meatballs '' was able to get away with shallow character development because it was basically just a Bill Murray vehicle . Although Swain might have been able to carry the whole thing like Murray the script does not allow this and things never really get going in `` Happy Campers '' . Waters apparently believed that audiences would react positively to a movie where 90 % of the comedy involved sexual references that most preteens would consider moronic . Hey Daniel , did you pay someone to write that Heathers '' screenplay for you.Then again , what do I know ? I 'm only a child .
 It wasnt all that bad . It had its moments . Brad Renfro -LRB- Bully -RRB- , Dominique Swain -LRB- Face/Off -RRB- , Keram Malicki-Sanchez -LRB- tv 's Buffy The Vampire Slayer -RRB- , Emily Bergl -LRB- The Rage
 Blech ! I really like all the young actors that were in this movie and expected it to be really funny and cute . WRONG ! It was a bizarre combination of shock tactics trying to show how edgey they all were . The only redeeming actor was Justin Long . The rest of the movie was a waste of brain cells .
 Ran 's a great movie that deserves a better transfer . I saw the film in the theater a week before getting this blu-ray . It was a scratchy print but it did n't have the noise that is prevalent in this disc .
 Updated 2012 , September ... this is for Blu Ray Edition from Studio CanalIf you are wondering if you should buy Criterion or this one , please avoid this crap . Just like `` Deer Hunter '' , they used PAL audio source uncorrected , so what you hear is not in right pitch . I am familiar with each actor 's voice , and none of them sounds right . You can notice the difference just to listen Toru Takemitsu 's atmospheric sound track , if you could compare to Criterion version . I waited to hear form Studio Canal for years , contacted to them by email , but no answer so far . Studio Canal dropped major ball , and they are not willing to fix this intolerable mistake . What a shame!This is for Criterion Version ... 2006I have just reviewed this disc , and as I anticipated , likewise `` Kagemusha '' , this criterion version surpasses the quality and presentation to Japanese version.This Criterion version is the BEST ONE among any versions available of this landmark film in past , including my 15-years old LaserDisc , . The image quality looks more saturated , and shows more defined sharpness than Japanese Masterwork Edition from Toho . The Criterion version has higher bit rate , since Japanese version carries too much on one disc -LRB- Feature film + documentary -RRB- . As the credit shows , the sauce was from French studio CANAL -LRB- but do n't worry , it is NOT PAL converted transfer . The picture is 24F progressive -RRB- with French titles which is not in the Japanese version . The other major difference is that while Japanese disc has discreet 4-channel surround sound with 384kbps , Criterion version includes 2-Channel stereo with 448kbps . The difference is subtle , but I would raise the flag on Criterion for more aggressive , powerful sound.Also , it was very delightful for me to get `` AK '' , an acclaimed making documentary as a supplement , and `` Image '' which was aired about 14 Years ago on Broadcast Satellite -LRB- now those ware individually available with ... well , about $ 70 here -RRB- . `` AK '' in Toho Box Set is presented in 4:3 with 60f video frame rate , while the one in Criterion supplement is 16:9 with 24F progressive picture . $ 40 is a bit steep for double-dipping , but I do n't feel any regret . I can not wait for their upcoming `` The Bad Sleep Well '' , the most -LRB- criminally -RRB- underrated Kurosawa film .
 Before you read further , I highly recommend the MASTERWORKS edition recently released . Also , I absolutely love this film . You can read everyone else 's reviews to reinforce that opinion . But Fox Lorber ? A disgrace they are . The whole movie is shifted to the top of the screen , leaving a giant black bar on the bottom of the screen . If that 's not bad enough , the bright yellow subtitles are on the very bottom , making your eyes sore from moving them up and down constantly at a larger degree . The subtitles are burned in , so taking them off is not an option at all . The picture is completely not remastered , colors are way-off . It seems their only master was a worn out VHS copy that was at a Blockbuster down the street . To see what i mean by all this , get yourself the MASTERWORKS edition , and compare the restoration demonstration , the old DVD copy is just what the un-remastered material looks like . I warn you , this is better off as a very expensive drink coaster than a preservation of art . Kurosawa rolled in his grave when this was released ...
 The audio track is in Japanese , and the Subtitles are only in French and Spanish.Someone please tell me what use this disc is to anyone .
 shipping was fine , received it in a timely manner . But the quality of the picture is the worst I have ever seen for a dvd . It is the equivalent of someone video recording it off their TV set and then burning it onto a dvd to sell .
 The print is beautiful , but the subtitles have been altered . For Saburo to say , `` It makes me nervous , '' instead of `` It is n't right , '' is preposterous , given his character . Why would Criterion even mess with the English translation ? Why do all that work just to ruin something ?
 Despite what some say , I honestly think the old Criterion release looks better with an up-converted DVD player . Studio Canal is trying to recast themselves as a new criterion-like lable , they are not off to a hot start . You are better off trying to find the old Criterion release -LRB- plus the Criterion has the audio commentary track which is missing from this disc -RRB- Shame on you Studio Canal for trying to compete with the best . Leave the Great films to the folks @ Criterion . Sad day for film lovers
 This is the product of Studio Canal 's treachery to the Criterion Collection ! THIS BLU-RAY is the reason why we do n't have Ran on Criterion anymore!I can wait until this piece of trash edition passes into OOP status and the Studio Canal jerks return the rights to Criterion , thanks .
 `` Ran '' is a Japanese Samurai movie directed by Akira Korusawa . It is about a powerful Japanese warlord who is nearing the end of his life and is ready to divide his land and power between either his sons or his peers . Hidetora , the lord chooses to divide his belongings between his sons , Taro , Jiro and Saburo Taro and Jiro are the two eldest sons respectively , and they look down on Saburo . They treat him like an ignorant boy . They are do-gooders , and kiss up to their father even when he is n't even listening to them . Saburo has more sense than Taro and Jiro , and he thinks about things before he decides to believe them . He knows how relationships work , rather than how they 're expected to . Hidetora gives Taro supreme power and the first castle with its surrounding lands . Jiro gets the second castle and its surroundings , and Saburo gets the third castle and its surroundings . After Hidetora makes this announcement , he presents a metaphor to his sons ' , which states that a single arrow is weaker than a bundle of three arrows . Taro and Jiro easily accept the metaphor . Saburo , after thinking about it and applies its meaning to real life decides it would n't work in his and his brothers situation and defies his father by showing that it 's possible to break three arrows together , and says that the sons will not get along if sharing land and power . After this act of disrespect , Hidetora banishes Saburo and this later on sparks civil war between the three sons . Taro -LRB- yellow -RRB- , Jiro -LRB- red -RRB- , Saburo -LRB- blue -RRB- , and Ayabe -LRB- black -RRB- all eventually go to war for the lands , and in the end Ayabe wins after the deaths of all the brothers . `` Ran '' is the Japanese version of Shakespeare 's `` King Lear '' . The plot is good , partly because it is based on a great play , but overall , I did n't enjoy the movie . It looked as if Hidetora was wearing a phony mask , or had a very overdone make-up job . The acting was very forced and seemed staged . The way the speech sounded was also forced , and nothing seemed natural to the actors . The fight scenes , which I will admit were cool at first , went on way too long , and were just the same thing over and over again . They became redundant and boring . All of the battles had tons of blood . The blood looked like cheap paint , and it dominated many of the shots . There would be ten men all piled together , looking like they were marinated in paint after a fight scene . Each shot was about a minute long , which seemed like an eternity for most all of them , and it made the movie much longer than it could 've been . One thing I liked was to see how everything came together in the end in the deaths of all three brothers and the father , and the victory by Ayabe and his army in the civil war that took place during the bulk of the movie.Another thing the movie did well was display the life of a Samurai in Japan . Although they were kiss-ups , Taro and Jiro showed great respect , and patience with their father . Saburo showed great thought , and comprehension of situations . Hidetora was very wise and respected . He was a great warrior , which is an inference I picked up when I learned he owned three castles and their lands , all of which he gained through war.All in all , I did n't like `` Ran '' . If I ever want a story like it again , I 'll go ahead and read `` King Lear '' , but if you 've already seen or read `` King Lear '' , and want a different point of view from a different society , then `` Ran '' may be a great movie for you .
 The Great Lord , Hidetora Ichimonji -LRB- played well by Tatsuya Nadakai -RRB- , has reached seventy years of age and decides to relinquish his crown . He has decided to give equal power to his three sons to show that cooperative family life is important and possible . His sons are worried that this wo n't work , until Hidetora shows them that one arrow could be easily broken , but three arrows held together could n't . One son however is not awed by the little demonstration and spoke up . His name is Saburo and he is banished . He leaves right away but is not forgotten . Soon after Hidetora retires , the two remaining sons quarrel and fight with themselves and other enemies and get in a huge civil war . Hidetora is eventually banished , but finds Saburo , who is kind enough to let Hidetora stay with him . Eventually the war brings down the entire family . Hidetora 's other two sons are killed in battles , and Saburo is assassinated . Hidetora then has a heart attack , or something like it , and dies on top of Saburo . It 's pretty depressing.Ran is very well done , but not particularly enjoyable . Kurosawa , the world-renowned director , chose Japan , obviously , to shoot the film . He shot the movie in rural areas where there are n't any buildings or modern roads . The landscape is beautiful when it is peaceful , and ugly during battle . During the peaceful discussions between Hidetora and his sons , the grass is green , the sky is blue and everything seems happy . During the battles , however , everything is gray , ugly and dead . There is no grass , the skies are cloudy and there are many soldiers dressed in dull , grey uniforms.The battle scenes are amazing . They are extremely long , which is very uncommon in today 's films , like Braveheart and Gladiator , where the battles last for about five minutes . The battles actually rage , instead of just start with huge explosions and then end . There are hundreds of extras that seem to be trained as Samurais . The special effects are n't great , because the film was made in 1985 . There is way too much blood that looks like red paint . Even though the effects are poor , the battles are very well done . They are easy to follow because the troops have colored flags that indicate which team they are on . The battles are what make Ran the epic that is known as.Although Ran was very well done , I did n't personally like it . All the shots were long and slow . They lasted for a very long time , and since I have developed a self-diagnosed case of ADD from all the video games I play , I got bored of them . The movie only had about an hour of plot , but it was stretched out into two hours and forty minutes . I got very sick of the talking scenes . The movie would be better if it was half as long .
 Visited the Critereon Collection website today , April 4 , 2005 . Critereon just released Kurosawa 's `` Kagemusha '' on DVD and the press release also read
 This import Studio Canal is no better than an upscaled DVD . Detail is lost , or non-existent . I had hopes for this transfer since Criterion lost the rights to remaster and this appears , no , shows , that the DVD master was transfered directly to Bluray.Don ' t waste your money if you have the DVD . Criterion is one of the few who values quality . Hopefully , Criterion will have rights to remaster this great work properly . The film 's opening credits are fuzzy yet the English subtitles are sharp . I believe Studio Canal used the original DVD master and only upgraded the subtitles for this release . I suspected that this would be the situation when I have n't seen any feedback about this release . I will think twice before I pre-order again.Criterion 's excellent release of `` In The Realm of the Senses '' makes this Studio Canal transfer look worse than Gladiator . I truly regret paying so much for an import that is n't a true highdef product . This total disregard for quality is what makes the average person think that paying extra for high def when this is the result is foolish , and they are correct when this is an example of what is being released.Avoid at all costs and hope for a Criterion release.My setup :47 '' 1080P LCDPanasonic BD30 and Momitsu BlurayOppo 983H DVDOnkyo 605 HDMI HD ReceiverDefinitive Technology Speakers and Subwoofer ` sSitting 6.5 feet away from the screen .
 The new Lions Gate BR release of Ran is middling in terms of its PQ , but what I ca n't stand is the fact that the subtitles are below the visible screen image , and no amount of tinkering with my BR player -LRB- or plasma -RRB- settings will raise them to the level of readability . There 's just enough of the tops of the English text to see it 's there , but not to read it.So this is the last Lions Gate/Studio Canal US BR release I 'm buying . One strike and they 're out .
 It 's a real shame Studio Canal is trying to compete with the Criterion Collection . It would be totally possible if they would put more effort into these releases , but they just do n't . This particular title -LRB- Ran -RRB- has sub par image quality and subtitle issues . I can only imagine how glorious a Criterion release of Ran would have been . Studio Canal FAIL
 There is now doubt about the quality of this film . Ths issue is the substandard encoding or transfer used for this new DVD . Through out the first 40 min . of the film , there are intances of both horizontal and vertical blanking - a static which appears on all vertical and horizontal lines . It is also obvious that this film was mastered from a film print and not the interpositive -- the blacks are fuzzy and the dark scenes look as if they have a scrim or screen over them . I also noted two instances of sound drop outs.All of these are issues which could have been fixed . It 's very sad that greater care was n't taken with this film , and at the price point which Winstar is charging , they should have at least tried to get it right.Hey Winstar -- third times the charm ...
 I ca n't believe it . I have been cheated twice now . The first edition of Ran was terrible . The new `` Hi-Def '' version is disappointingly mediocre.It just is n't very good . Sure , now it has the right geometry on a widescreen TV and they fixed the horrible centering issue , but the quality of the video is very MEDIOCRE and sometimes POOR . For one thing , the color seems like it is overdone and unnatural . Secondly , the overall picture is often fuzzy , though sometimes acceptable . Thirdly , there are `` sparklies '' all over the place , where complex shapes or fine lines are PIXELLATED HORRIBLY and broken , causing vibrating movements and undulating saturation . I find this nearly intolerable.If you have a widescreen TV , you 'll surely notice this . If you have an old `` standard '' set that is n't too big , it might hide some of this in the `` fuzziness '' of the scanlines , but probably not all of it.I am just very angry that this supposed chance at doing the film justice has been totally wasted . I saw Ran IN A THEATRE and it was FANTASTIC . Not so on the DVD . It looks like -LSB- poo -RSB- . Here is a letter I wrote to the deplorable company Wellspring , which apparently handled this ... job : To Whom it may concern : I have a technical problem with the new edition of Ran , `` The Masterworks Edition '' . Basically edges and lines in the picture tend to vibrate and jitter , and are very pixellated , causing a distutrbing and distracting motion and distortion in the overall image . It actually gives me a headache to watch it.I find it hard to believe that you would go through the trouble to produce a new `` Hi-Def '' transfer and basically do such a poor job with the transfering and compression of the video.I returned the first copy I bought at Virgin Records for another one , and the same problem exists on both . I have a Toshiba widescreen HDTV television for enjoying just such movies as this , and I am shocked that the picture is so grainy and problematic.Can you explain this ? I have included some screen shots for you to look at . The first set is where the Lords are meeting for the first time . The four frames to show how the star in the crescent of the clan symbol distorts and `` sparkles . '' See the white rectangles and compare the regions . Some are darker in spots , some are lighter . They are all `` splotchy '' . When you put frame after frame up like this , you get a `` sparkling '' effect , which is very annoying.In the second set , the white rectangles highlight the `` sparkling '' in the white lines in Hidetora 's hat . You can clearly see that in some frames the line is `` solid '' and in other frames it is clearly `` broken '' or `` perferated . '' Again , this creates a disturbing effect in motion.I 'm not sure what you can do about this , but I have to say I 'm disappointed in your compression techniques or whatever filters you ran this through.Any information in answer to this problem would be appreciated . At the very least , perhaps future DVD 's done by your company will not have this problem .
 - I 'm not going to sit here and write about the greatness of Kurosawa 's RAN - it 's pretty clear we 're dealing with the lifetime masterwork of one of film 's few true geniuses.I want to talk about this `` restored '' transfer . This butchered DVD presentation.First , the aspect ratio is wrong , as has been mentioned before . It 's not wide enough . We 're obviously missing image on both sides of the screen.But what bothers me is the color transfer . The colors are indeed more vivid than previous transfers , and the image sharper , but the overall effect has the film looking brittle and highly over-saturated . The contrast ratio is very high . Much of the darker portions of the screen vanish into black . I know there is image there - I 've seen it . But , the boneheads who supervised this `` restoration '' obviously have no clue how to do the job properly.And , to top it off , this print was NOT struck from the original negative , but from a release print ! You can tell because the projectionist cue marks -LRB- those holes in the upper right of the frame -RRB- are on still on this film!So , no original negative , bad transfer -LRB- the compression is very bad - lots of artifacts -RRB- , bad color correction , wrong aspect ratio , ... AND , no extras on the DVD.Take your pick.This is one film everyone who loves movies must own . Yet , where do we go for a decent print?You tell me . -
 I 'll repeat the title of the review . It 's not the movie . I think Kurosawa is just amazing , and I feel this film is fantastic . I already owned the other DVD release of this film and I ordered this one because honestly , the picture quality of the other is harsh to watch . And it 's true this version is much cleaner , but they changed the aspect ratio . Ran was shot originally in a 1:85:1 ratio . For this new DVD they scanned it into the computer using an HD system , and chopped the frame from 1:85:1 to 16:9 . It 's hard to really compare the two ratios , but being a film geek when I started the film immediately I knew something was wrong when the image was bigger and the end of Kurosawa 's name was chopped off . I pulled out my old version of Ran , and threw it on my computer and played the opening titles side by side . Sure enough , the edges of the film have been chopped off . Now , this wo n't bother most people . But for a film student like myself , it bothers me to see people mess with someone else 's art in this manner . It 's worse than Lucas butchering Star Wars or Spielberg and ET -LRB- albeit not by much -RRB- because it is n't even their film ! Other films have been cleaned up and placed on to DVD without distorting the image , many Kurosawa films in fact . It bothered me to see it , and I was pretty let down , this is just a fair warning to anyone else like me .
 My star rating has nothing to do with the mertis of the film . It has only to do with the total hatchet job Fox Lorber did in their infamous DVD transfer . By no means buy this version of the film , even though you think you 're saving a couple bucks . I agree entirely with the reviewer who said the only thing to do with the DVD and it 's case is to use it for a coaster.The images are muddy and dark . The sound is old 78s quality . It really is a shameful , shoddy piece of work . By all means , order the movie . It 's Kurosawa 's magnum opus , great in every detail . Just make sure you shell out a few bucks more for the Masterworks edition , or splurge and go for the Kurosawa multi DVD collection.This review is meant solely for the Fox Lorber 1985 DVD release.BEK
 RAN is a masterpiece of a film and this review is not about the quality of the movie but about the quality of this DVD . If you play this DVD on a 32 '' non-widescreen TV the picture will look passable as a `` letterboxed '' film , but be sure to rent and try this edition out on your 50 '' or 55 '' or 65 '' wide-screen TV before buying ! The first problem is that the anamorphic picture cuts off the edges of the credits -LRB- a clue that you 're not getting all of the frame -RRB- . Even more disturbing is that the image has an electronic `` video '' cast to it . Unlike good DVD transfers , there is twitching to still objects on-screen like lattice or anything with parallel lines . The colors are bright but lacking definition -LRB- they give off an aura -RRB- and again have an electronic cast that looks more like video than film . Overall this transfer is deplorable , and the fact that Wellspring is proud of this `` hi-def '' transfer is shocking.As someone who owns over 300 movies on DVD and has seen the full range of quality from early full-screen knock-offs like National Lampoon 's VACATION to fantastic DVD 's like the LOTR editions and X-MEN , I know what the standard is for a special version of a DVD in November 2003 , and this disc does not cut it . Wellspring ... get your act together .
 A.Kurosawa is Japan 's George Lucas . They are both great epic storytellers and have both made samura serials ; yet they both have an aggravating tendency for `` fusion culture '' . By fusion culture I mean an artificial blending of cultures that embodies the hope of a cosmopolitan betterment for humankind . Examples
 Yes , it was the 50s classic Japanese director Akira Kurosawa coming back to make a final color epic . But unfortunately , magic does n't always strike the second time around . This film is just flat ; it shows you how much Toshiro Mifune really meant to Kurasawa.Kurosawa 's great weakness was his misogyny , an apparently utter disdain or fear of females . He seemed to seek out stories where evil women or unfaithful women existed as the curse of man . Here at his advanced age , Kurosawa seems to have felt free to come completely out of the closet , living vicariously through the character of the feminized court jester . Even at this mature stage of his life , Kurosawa shows an amount of understanding of and sympathy for the plight of women that one would expect to find in a in a confused teenage boy.If you want to experience the classic Japanese films era at its apex , watch Seven Samurai , Hidden Fortress , Rashomon , Sansho the Bailiff , & Tokyo Story . This film is OK , but for me it sullens the memory of the films of that great era .
 As a South-African , I have been more or less unaffected by the Kurosawa hype that seems ubiquitous in the United States of America . I happened upon copies of two of his more revered works , `` Ran '' and `` Seven Samurai '' , and have to say that was resolutely dissappointed.Ran is ponderous and pulpily paced when there is no battle taking place . The film seems to have been designed solely around the epic battle scenes , which are magnifiscent . The `` King Lear '' intertext is well imagined , but tenuously arranged , merely fascilitating the films expansive raison d' etre . Contrary to what many people believe , Kurosawa directed and designed his films with a shrewd eye for the American public and its perceptions , while adding elements of Noh Japanese theatre to taint the efficacy of such accusations . His choice to adapt `` King Lear '' , as well as `` Macbeth '' for `` Throne of Blood '' , was unfortunate and caused widespread dissatisfaction within his native country especially towards the end of his life , although the films were devoured by American audiences . His work is just as much a gateway into Japanese culture as the `` Mr. Bean '' series is into U.K. culture . `` Seven Samurai '' is a copy of the Western prototype , bloated by an hour and a half . `` Rashomon '' 's central conceit is not nearly as revolutionary as it at first seems.For authenticity , try the films of Yasujiro Ozu -LRB- grim social realism -RRB- or Masaki Kobayashi -LRB- gripping surrealism , esp . on `` Kwaidan '' -RRB- .
 I did n't enjoy the film . I also did n't enjoy the original play by Shakespeare . King Lear is one of my least favorite Shakespeare plays . I do n't consider it particularly creative to remake a play that has already been done , and to add nothing of value to the original . You can set it wherever you like , in medieval Japan or on the Moon , what 's the difference . It 's King Lear , a downer of a play , there 's nothing great about Ran just as there 's nothing great about Lear , and it takes up three hours of your time.A moron named Lear , or Hidetoro , or whatever his name is , relinquishes power in his kingdom and turns the power over to his oldest son . The youngest son warns him that it is a bad idea because the sons will be disloyal to their father . He is right , of course , and Hidetoro Lear gets treated shabbily . He 's wanted dead or dead.In this treatment of the annoying plot , he loses his mind . He has a faithful follower or two . They overact . There is nobody to root for in this depressing and ridiculously overrated downer of a play . Lear Hidetoro is an absolute jerk . Am I supposed to care what happens to him ? Why ? Because he used to be a powerful king , and a cruel one ? You may as well cry over Saddam Hussein.Look at this movie with fresh eyes . Look at Shakespeare 's King Lear with fresh eyes . This stuff simply is not very entertaining , and is not very good . The hell with King Lear . He 's an annoyance .
 Review in one sentence
 Some people should really stop knitpicking . Get a life , really . All this moping about the destruction and disregard for Kurosawa 's unfailing and precise `` vision '' -LRB- whatever the hell that 's supposed to mean -RRB- . We even get a technical expert -LRB- sounds like mumbo jumbo to me , buddy boy -RRB- further doen the page explaining to us what went wrong . Thanks for the two cents , bro.The man 's films are n't that wonderful ... . there 's nothing too terribly Japanese about them -LRB- except for the uneassy superimposition the traditional lore , pomp and pageantry -RRB- . Also
 This is a good action epic for the time it was made -LRB- the 1980s -RRB- but I wish that Peter Jackson -LRB- Fellowship Of The Ring -RRB- would remake it in English - he 's our finest epic filmmaker right now and he could make this story both more exciting and more emotional -LRB- this version lacks feeling -RRB- . Also , modern day special effects would allow for bigger battles and more realistic violence . Yet this version is still worth a look if you are into epic action movies like `` Braveheart '' and `` Lawrence of Arabia '' . Peace .
 This movie is terrible . I bought it expecting a good action epic with lots of battles and sword fights . There are no battles there are 2 massacres where all that happens is `` samurai '' with guns ? shoot each other and women . samurai dont have guns . The story was good but they ruined it with 2 hours and 30 mins of talking on and on about the same topic over and over , yak yak yak . There is no drama the characters dont develope except for the old guy who just walks around starring and goes crazy . The perfomances are the same in everyone , yelling even when there happy , and they all sound the same even the women . No action , no drama , nothing except talk and fake blood from the stupid shooting , not swords , guns , What ? Very bad movie , I was dissapointed , greatly . I would give 0 stars but they dont let me .
 After the cancellation of Criterion 's Blu-ray last year , I was hopeful that Studio Canal would have the sense to use their new transfer . Alas , this is the work of amateurs ! Looks more like a 2008 Blu release -LRB- the term `` upconverted '' has been thrown around a lot , and after seeing screen captures I can see why -RRB- . Shame on you , Studio Canal , for pushing such a sub-standard transfer on us Kurosawa buffs !
 COMPARED TO OTHER HOLIDAY MOVIES , THIS ONE WAS SO-SO . THE ACTING WAS N'T THE BEST . BOTTOM LINE - I WOULD N'T SPEND $ 22.99 ON IT . I 'LL WAIT UNTIL IT IS IN THE $ 5.00 BIN . I DO N'T SPEND $ 22.00 ON BLOCKBUSTER MOVIES . SAVE YOUR MONEY
 I thought this movie was very cheesy in the script , and some of the characters over acted their parts . Overall my impression was of an amateur production . The story line was good , just not delivered well .
 I am sorry but the beginning of this movie was very slow and dull for adults and probably for children too . Towards the ending it moved much faster and the acting was much better . I overall do not recommend this as a Christmas Favorite to watch every year . Ashley Scott did a great job as Santas daughter . Price quite high . Movie in general . Thumbs down .
 I put this on my wish list , because this seemed like the sort of movie I would like . It happened to come on t.v. before I bought and boy am I glad . The movie had so much potential , but the acting was so over the top it made me cringe and change the station several times . I am not saying do n't buy the movie , but just be forwarned .
 I 'm not sure how anyone would rate this movie with anything above 1 star . It 's one of the worst movies ever , and should not be classified as a Christmas movie .
 This tight little production could have been great . The actor who plays Tommy is actually skilled as well as sexy to look at as the covers of the dvd shows . A fighter with a dream discovers and Coach who wants another shot at big time boxing . when the old abandoned coach offers to train Tommy its a dream for them both . So what does coach do ? Takes him to a cabin in the mountains and attempts get a little sexual action from the poor unsuspecting boxer Tommy.From the beginning a coach/athlete-father/son relationship builds nicely . The coach suddenly betrays that trust with a creepy sexual act that undoubtably fails and we are told to feel sorry for him . When a sacred trust is broken the relationship should morally , intelectual and professionally end . The coach should be held responsible But Tommy the boxer stumbles back to the coach feeling GUILTY!And even offers his body to the old obese creepy molester if he will take him back . WHAT ? What did Tommy do ? He did n't fail or lie to the coach nor did he betray the trust ! Nothing should have sent him back offering his body to the coach.This was a creepy exploit the pretty victim flick . Pass on it .
 I wanted to like this film . The production itself was well done . Quality cinematography and lighting . The Direction was good . The actors themselves were interesting.This film could have been a inspirational underdog story about two men whose hopes are to make it in the difficult world of boxing . Unfortunately That is not where the film takes us.The film begins with the two main characters forming a bond and creating a sense of family in pursuit of their mutual dream . When the coach takes his young protege to his private mountain cabin he makes a failed attempt to seduce him . as a result their bond of trust is broken . They each go their separate ways . Then for some illogical reason the film has the boxer begging the molester to take him back , at the risk of losing a million dollar contract from a Cable network . I would recommend avoiding this movie . It was disappointing and disturbing to watch .
 What an awful movie . The story was awful . The acting was awful . For such a great actress like Murphy who starred in 8 Mile , Do n't Say A Word and Sin City , to do this movie she must have been kidnapped and held at gun point or was flat out desperate . I would even go as far as to say this movie could have ruined her legacy ... . but lucky for her no one watched it.Here 's something funny about this film ... . they spent $ 32 million making it . The same budget as Source Code starring Jake Gyllenhaal , which was a box office blockbuster and went on to make $ 147 million . . Just goes to show a movie about time travel in an alternate timeline >> >> >> > cooking ramen.RIP Murphy , so sorry you were involved in this stinker just before your untimely death .
 I 'm a Brittany Murphy fan , but this is just horrible , and it is Brittany Murphy at her worst . Just simply terrible , do n't say you were n't warned .
 The long and short of it
 I love chick flicks ! I 'm all for the independent girl on a new adventure . I also like Brittany Murphy . It 's really disappointing that this movie is horrible . A perky American girl gets stuck in a country where she does n't speak the language , but do n't worry , she has her English-Japanese dictionary with her which really helps her learn Japanese -LRB- because the language is that easy -RRB- . She just so happens to decide to learn how to cook ramen which apparently is a challenging dish -LRB- I do n't know about you but I boil the water , open the bag , and drop the noodles in ... then I add the flavor packet -RRB- . Anyway , because she makes ramen , she 's hailed as a neighborhood hero and everyone LOVES her . The movie shows the Japanese in a negative light while the blonde haired brown eyed beauty is sweet and bubbly and a total hero . Yeah . I could n't buy it . It 's a shame because I really like Brittany Murphy .
 This movie of an unmotivated girl , love-sick in search of a career in and of itself was a lot to handle . Add to that she does n't speak the language and wants to learn how to make ramen ? I fast-forwarded through most of this and still thought it lagged . Not a recommended movie at all .
 Brittany Murphy 's untimely death casts a pall over this strictly by-the-numbers 2008 direct-to-DVD comedy . She exudes a certain charm in the title role , an aimless American named Abby , who attempts to master the art of ramen while stuck in Tokyo after her boyfriend unceremoniously dumps her , but there is also something vaguely disorienting about her comic performance here . She is n't helped much by the pedestrian direction by Robert Allan Ackerman , best known for his TV-movie work -LRB- Life with Judy Garland - Me and My Shadows -RRB- or the derivative script by first-time screenwriter Becca Topol . Neither is able to capture the particular idiosyncrasies of the Japanese culture in a way that would make this fish-out-of-water tale work effectively -LRB- like Sofia Coppola did so well inLost in Translation -RRB- . In fact , the clich&eacute;s and contrivances come fast and furious , so much so that the Tokyo setting becomes rather moot.The poorly paced storyline has Abby 's sudden break-up leading her to a neighborhood ramen shop within view of her unusually large city apartment . She is treated to a bowl of ramen by the shop 's curmudgeonly owner/chef Maezumi and his ever-patient wife Reiko . For reasons unexplained , Abby becomes obsessed with learning how to make the ramen even if it means an apprenticeship that amounts to slavery under Maezumi 's dictatorial guidance . Predictably , it becomes a contest of wills as to whether Abby will last . The brief scenes showing the ramen preparation may remind some of Juzo Itami 's 1985 cult comedy , Tampopo , and similarities are intentional . However , this film fails to make the time-staking process uniquely appetizing . A romantic subplot is introduced as a disposable diversion , but it 's hamstrung by the lack of chemistry between Murphy and Sohee Park , who tepidly plays a young Japanese executive who conveniently needs to move to Shanghai for a three-year assignment . Moreover , there is one laughably bad scene with Maezumi 's wizened mother in which Abby becomes mysteriously fluent in Japanese.All these episodes lead implausibly to a visit from the Master Chef , who will make the final judgment as to whether Abby is ready to succeed Maezumi as a true ramen chef . Veteran Japanese actor Toshiyuki Nishida plays Maezumi as a cross between Danny De Vito at his most anxious and a barking bulldog . Two actors from Yojiro Takita 's award-winningDeparturesappear here - Kimiko Yo plays a far more traditional role this time as Reiko , and Tsutomu Yamazaki in familiarly taciturn form as the revered Grand Master . His appearance is obviously quite deliberate since he played the Shane-like figure in `` Tampopo '' a quarter century earlier . Impressive as the younger Judy Garland in Ackerman 's earlier TV-movie , Tammy Blanchard appears inexplicably as a world-weary American-born bar hostess . But this is Murphy 's movie all the way , and her sincere if overly angst-ridden approach seems wasted on such a vacuous story about finding one 's place in life , a theme handled with far greater emotional dexterity in `` Departures '' . An extended ending , seventeen deleted scenes , and the original theatrical trailer provide the extras on the 2009 DVD .
 I was looking for a light movie , but the story is contrived in a way that made me lose interest in the heroine and the story .
 !!! WARNING !!! contains spoilers.A hot American blonde becomes a ramen chef by1 -RRB- cleaning a toilet in a ramen shop in Japan2 -RRB- repeating `` I do n't understand '' in English to a Japanese guy , who does n't speak English3 -RRB- taking off to New York and opening her own noodle shop , where she puts cucumbers and tomatoes -LRB- WTF ?! -RRB- into ramen , and , of course , the shop does well , because it 's Hollywood.This movie is yet another lie about how you can succeed in a foreign culture without learning its language or customsEven the cover photo is ignorant and modeled more after kung fu movies , than anything Japanese . That gesture is reserved for just before eating or praying , and she is doing neither . -LRB- The hands should be in front of the face , head down , elbows close to the sides . -RRB- Survival strategy for those who have watched it , or are about to watch it despite my attempt to save you
 I watched The Ramen Girl because Amazon recommended the movie to me based upon my various viewing history . I saw the little video blurb on the product screen and was interested enough to borrow the title from a friend . I 'm glad I borrowed instead of bought - this movie was horrid.The only reason I gave this movie two stars instead of one is the Japanese cast . Toshiyuki Nishida gives a stellar performance as the `` grumpy old man '' stereotype while Kimiko Yo adds a nice touch of heart in playing the loving wife . Nishida did have quite a few lines in the movie which had me laughing , but unfortunately the rest of the movie was poorly written and the acting ability of the leading star left much to be desired . Hikari Okada as the old mother was a very heartfelt touch - too bad the scene was ruined by Murphy . Tsutomu Yamazaki 's cameo as the Grand Master of ramen was a very nice nod to the Goro character of Tampopo as well.Imagine taking the base story that is Tampopo - the urge to find and make the best bowl of ramen that you can - and then dumping in a giant dose of `` Generic American Romantic comedy plot # 01 '' . While Tampopo made you feel for the characters and the possibility of a perfect bowl of ramen made by a chef of such skill that it made the eater find a little bit of true happiness at the end of the bowl , The Ramen Girl bludgeons you over the head with it and attempts to tell you that a bowl of ramen can make you physically cry or laugh out loud , depending on the skill of the chef . Subtlety is obviously not in the director 's -LRB- or Brittany Murphy 's -RRB- reppitoire.On the foodie side of the house , I was even more disappointed . There was no talk about the ingredients , the time or heart it took to make the perfect bowl of ramen . The deepest that this movie got was to say `` Cook from your heart , not your head ! '' While that line -LRB- or similar -RRB- work for many foodie movies , it does n't work when it 's the only piece of advice offered through the entire film.There are also 501 subplots in this movie that have zero relation or resolution to the main trunk of the story . There 's the boyfriend which disappears after the first 15min of the movie , never to be seen or heard from again . There 's the original job , which she apparently leaves with no notice - but is able to keep her apartment without getting paid for a month . There 's the hooker and the homosexual drunk - the hooker which is a sorry attempt at playing a mirroring device vehicle for Murphy 's character , and the homosexual drunk which appears to serve no purpose at all except for maybe comedic interlude -LRB- which he fails at -RRB- . There 's the `` rival '' ramen maker and the ramen Grand Master challenge - neither of which actually flesh out to be anything substantial , but they sure do get built up like it might be . The two ladies who lack happiness and the love-lost boy-who-doesn ` t-have-a-chance-with-the-hot-American-girl . Yes , all that is packed into the movie for no apparent rhyme or reason to most of them . Oh , apparently the ramen chef has a son - but it 's ok , everything is magically made better by the end of the movie.I can only recommend this movie if you 're seriously jonesing for a fix of Japan . This is n't a movie for a foodie nor for a serious Asian cinema fan . This movie is the equivalent of watching the Richard Gere version of `` Shall we dance ? '' and comparing it to the original Japanese version . Except with much lower production values and acting ability . I am being serious when I say you could have replaced Brittany Murphy 's entire dialogue in this movie with her oft-repeated phrase , `` I do n't understand , '' and you would n't have lost much at all.If you 've watched this movie and you have n't seen Tampopo , go see it and you 'll understand how this movie should have been made .
 This movie is pretty corny . A slap in the face of true Ramen chefs and the eaters of Ramen . Tampopo was way way way better . This is another stupid hollywood rip off of a beautiful foreign film . What 's a matter Hollywood ? You run out of talented writers ?
 My experience tells me that it is not a good sign if a film with a big-name star receives only a limited theatrical release before disappearing without a trace . The star I am talking about is NOT Brittany Murphy - though she is top-billed in `` The Ramen Girl '' - it is Japanese actor Toshiyuki Nishida . The respected veteran is famous for his hugely successful movie franchise `` Tsuribaka Nisshi , '' but perhaps some might remember him as the `` Pigsy '' of Japanese TV series `` Monkey . '' Despite his name , the film never received wide theatrical release in Japan . This is quite unusual - imagine a Tom Hanks movie released only in LA and you know what I mean - and the reason is simple . `` The Ramen Girl '' is not very good.Brittany Murphy is Abby , who has followed her boyfriend Ethan -LRB- Gabriel Mann -RRB- from America . Ethan leaves her , however , and shocked Abby is attracted to the bright light nearby her apartment room . It is a small ramen shop run by a headstrong master Maezumi -LRB- Nishida -RRB- , and Abby , looking for a new way of life , decides to work at the shop to learn the art of cooking . Naturally Maezumi refuses , but persistent Abby would n't leave and the shop master reluctantly agrees.Certainly the storyline is forced , but not without potential . I do n't think stubborn master like Maezumi , who has been doing his job for more than forty years , would take Abby -LRB- or anyone else , American or not -RRB- as a pupil so easily , but Nishida is a talented actor , very good at comedy , so the film still had a chance.Alas , the director never allows him to do what he can do . Not surprisingly , grumpy Maezumi yells at Brittany Murphy 's Abby , who is not a fast learner , but the film is no fun to watch as it lacks humor and pathos that this kind of story needs . This is not the wall-painting training of wise Miyagi-san in `` The Karate Kid '' which has a meaning in it . Maezumi 's pointless `` training '' -LRB- like Abby scrubbing a toilet bowl -RRB- does n't convince us.Abby 's character is also a problem . The idea of a broken-hearted American woman who wants to learn ramen cooking is not very credible . Moreover , the film never gives her a real trial . It takes a lot of effort and tenacity to acquire skills of ramen cooking -LRB- or any kind of cooking for that matter -RRB- , but the dialogue-ridden film never gives her a chance to show her cooking prowess . What she has to learn is explained away simply with a word `` tamashii '' or soul . And a teardrop , too . `` The Ramen Girl '' is helmed by Brooklyn-born Emmy-winning director Robert Allan Ackerman , who has also directed plays in Tokyo many times . The film 's screenplay is written by Becca Topol , who , according to the film 's home page , spent one year in Japan while studying in college . As to the production design of the ramen shop and the owner 's house , it is perfect . You can find such small ramen shops around the corner anywhere in Japan.However , the film , it seems , misses every opportunity to use their knowledge about the country and its culture . Cooking ramen plays a significant role as metaphor in the film , but in `` The Ramen Girl '' somehow you do n't see the details of ramen cooking they should know . How did Abby learn the skills ? How did the master teach her?There is nice supporting acting from Kimiko Yo as Maezumi 's wife , and Tsutomu Yamazaki as the grand ramen master -LRB- both actors seen in `` Departures '' -RRB- , but the lagging pace of the film does n't change . Subplots about the characters played by Tammy Blanchard and Sohee Park are so weak and forgettable.The film needs a more capable director and writer , who can create a cinematically dynamic narrative development , or more credible story and characters . This is s huge disappointment for me . `` The Ramen Girl '' could have been a much more engaging drama with someone else as director . Toshiyuki Nishida , one of the best actors in Japan , deserves a better film than this.By the way , there is really a `` Ramen Museum '' in Yokohama .
 This movie was cute . I love Britney Murphy . I can not say it is recommendable . It is a good movie to watch when there is really nothing else on .
 Frankly the only way I could begin to appreciate this movie even a little was to view it as parody . Ditzy Brittany as a `` seeker '' in Tokyo ? Puhleaze . But once you put that ditz with the phony lips who refuses to learn even a little Japanese in with the drunken ramen `` master '' and climax it with that masterful portrayal of a very tired , seemingly blotto ramen `` grandmaster '' the movie has some laughs , for me at least . -LRB- Meanwhile , next to me in bed , my Murphy-loving girlfriend was eating it all up as straight `` drama . '' Sigh . -RRB- Ditzy Brittany should have stayed with her Tokyo copyediting job , which apparently consisted primarily of editing bathroom signs , changing `` flash '' to `` flush , '' which is a telling inside joke about the two pejorative ways to view this silly movie .
 Imagine a story in which a funny cartoon cat gets abducted by aliens . He 's replaced by a cat that 's not funny and not a cartoon . That does n't happen in this story , but it might as well . What does happen is that Garfield loses his `` funny '' . That gives the writers a chance to lose theirs . Garfield supposedly gets his funny back at the end of the show . The writers never get theirs back.The idea seems to be to see how far Garfield can break the mold . How un-Garfield can you get and still have him vaguely recognizable enough for branding ? There 's a trend in animation to take something that works and keep breaking it until it does n't , and to staff studios with shirts who apparently ca n't tell the difference . But it 's hard to believe audiences ca n't tell either.When Garfield first appeared in the funny papers in 1978 , it was slammed as the least funny comic in existence . Arguably it became the funniest comic in existence . In its thirty plus years , it 's changed a lot , and in many ways gotten better . Garfield TV specials won Emmy awards and built Phil Roman 's gargantuan Film Roman animation studio . Twenty years in , Jim Davis managed to buy the rights back from the syndicate . Fox 's Garfield and Friends is arguably yet one of the best kids ' cartoon series of all time.What to do ? How about a live action movie ? How about various sorts of CGI shorts and featurettes ? Instead of using the proven characters from Garfield and U.S. Acres , how about just inventing new ones ? And lastly , why should Garfield be funny ? Must he kick Odie off the table ? Must he be so satirical and sardonic ? What if he were warm and romantic and friendly and lovable , with no sharp edges , no barbed wit , more , uh , bland?If the idea is to have a moral , maybe the writers could learn from Veggie Tales , who still manage to be lighter and wittier than 90 per cent of cartoons , and certainly than this one . Once again , I must quote Joe Barbera in favor of cartoons that are `` mindlessly funny instead of mindlessly preachy '' . This new , improved Garfield may appeal to some viewers , but those who want the old , funny one might check out : Garfield and Friends , Volume OneGarfield and Friends , Volume TwoGarfield and Friends , Volume ThreeGarfield and Friends , Volume FourGarfield and Friends , Volume FiveGarfield Cat Tales - -LRB- Garfield as Himself / Garfield Fantasies / Garfield Travel Adventures -RRB-
 As a fan of Harry Belafonte I bought this DVD thinking that it was a performance but it was a one hour interview . Interesting as it was -LRB- HB spoke very open about his background and career -RRB- but no singing and I have to look for another DVD by HB .
 This film is hardly a `` classic '' , nor is it a `` social protest movie '' that most of these misguided reviewers would have you believe . It falls into the realm of impressionable ` exploitation ' films that attempted to substantiate struggling theaters with their wealthy competitors . Warner Bros. looked for `` controversial '' themes to release them from their box office slump and found it with topics like this , packaging emotional rubbish into the screens in the form of low budget B grade `` content films '' . Anyone who thinks Warner Bros was a `` redeeming and caring company interested in the plight of man '' is deluded , they were merely out to make a profit , nothing more . Examine their union records , dictatorial management and abuse of rights at the time if you do n't believe me . Surely , a film which pulls at your heart is only intended to pull at your wallet.The film itself has a weak script , stale acting -LRB- bordering on dull to over anxious -RRB- , B grade direction , poor dialogue and is tedious . It meanders through one half hearted empty skit after another , dislodging us from any sincere interest at all . Muni is a boorish actor , neither disguising his brusque acting method nor elaborating on any convincing emotion . Standard film shots are scattered throughout , of locations and events in history , a parade from WW 1 , a real street scene in Chicago , and this further aggravates the authenticity of the whole subject , making the film look `` cut up '' because most of it was filmed on cheap Warner Bros sets in Pasadena . The chain gang scenes are unrealistic , exaggerated , and only attempt to garner instant condemnation from the viewer . I do n't need a mediocre film to instigate that `` chain gangs are evil '' , I should know that from my own knowledge , and further more , this film contradicts itself because capitalism itself is slavery and there is so much insane dialog about the `` virtues of work '' in the beginning . I fail to believe that there is a difference between a worker at a factory occupied for 12 hours a day like a slave and a man stuck on a chain gang ! An average film reduced by film historians and buffs to a `` classic '' merely because they can not understand why films had to make a profit for the capitalistic and authoritarian film companies which produced them . Do not tell me about `` social awareness '' when only profit to powerful monopolistic companies was involved !
 The original concept was n't bad , but the writers just do n't seem to be creative enough to produce good plot lines based on the &#34; math whiz &#34; idea . Rob Murrow was the wrong person to cast for FBI role and his single dimension talent is really showing.Judd Hirsh was good at first but now is just an annoying aging Hippy .
 complete with LA Lakers joining the CalSci basketball team this season is close to Charlie 's Angels in intelligence , plot , and character development.The secondary characters are boring and uninteresting . The stories border on silly . The writers seem so interested in forcing internal nuance onto the characters they did n't bother to actually create interesting stories or cases.This was the ` jump the shark ' season for a series that was at least interesting in previous seasons .
 Very similar to the movie Omen , which you want to just squeeze the kid . NOT Entertaining , but a film to show someone so they do n't have kids .
 Opting for greatness , does not make things great . Shades of Rosemary 's Baby , Birth and other Manhattan psychological thrillers have inspired this to tedium . Nothing really ever happens . Lots of noisy post-partum screaming , discordant and overplayed piano music , constant infant crying and grimacing all add together like some expensive pharmaceutical ad for a migraine pill . Run away .
 This movie is a conundrum . I do not really know what to say about it . It was creepy and ambiguous . Very few details are clarified for the audience . I wanted to like it because it was supposed to be a different type of horror movie , but I felt like I was constantly waiting for something to happen and few things did . Although it attempts to be intellectual and psychological , it is just slow and disjointed . Kudos to Ratliff for wanting to make an unconventional horror film , but I do not think it was successful.Random vomiting , sudden mood swings and anger from all of the characters , and bizarre details made this movie feel incomplete , not haunting . Why show Brad at work ? Why include ghosts ? Why reveal some of Joshua 's bad nature , but then attempt to make it an ambiguous film where you are supposed to guess ? Why have the characters discover some truth , only to not use it to their advantage against Joshua ? Why would a child psychologist leave an abused child under sole supervision of the abuser?In its attempt to be smart , it was sloppy . This film desperately wants to be the secular , Machiavellian `` Omen . '' Intelligence is evil , not creatures possessed by demons from hell -- too pass&eacute; . Instead , every one is mentally unstable and has numerous problems . No one has a good grasp of religion , just extremes . Although more psychological than gory , it brought the viewer into an analytical mindset and then made glaring mistakes that you can not ignore.Do not buy it , do not expect `` The Omen , '' nor any `` Hitchcockian flair ; '' or you will be disappointed like me .
 I generally love a good `` evil child '' movie ; this one , however , was the PITS . It was hard to not actually feel sorry for creepy little Joshua , what with having the world 's most self-centered parents and all . I ca n't recall a character more insufferable than Abby , and if I had a mother like that I 'd be a sociopathic lunatic , too . Dad was n't any better .
 To start off , the kid has dysfunctional family . They will ignore him and I mean completely ignore him after the birth of his sis ! Any parents with the least common sense would n't do that !!!! So the question is
 -LRB- 2.5 * 's -RRB- There 's no doubt there 's something familiar about Joshua -LRB- Jacob Kogan -RRB- . In opening scenes we see him at the piano performing songs for his Uncle Ned -LRB- Dallas Roberts -RRB- his mother , Abby -LRB- Vera Farmiga -RRB- , and his father , Brad -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- . His mother holds their newborn daughter in her arms as his uncle encourages him while he plays . The family is happy about the new addition , but like many families , they try to give special attention to the first born , who is nine and practicing for a school recital . We soon realize in the absent monotone in Joshua 's voice that something is indeed wrong . At different points in the film , he asks his parents separately if they love him.The film basically goes forward in chronological order . Captions show the development of the baby
 dvd received freezes at start and freezes perminitely 7/8 thru the movie . noi ending shown .
 Boring , slow , and absolutely unsuspensful . A complete waste of time . The acting was awful and the plot has been done much better several times before . Only watch this if you want boredom and/or want to listen to loud piano music and an even louder baby crying for most of the movie .
 I bought this when it came out because I thought the preview looked good . This movie is actually very boring . It 's like a creepy soap-opera with a kid trying to make his parents ' lives miserable . I would NOT recommend this movie to anyone !!!
 I really wanted to like this movie but it is hard to ignore all the flaws . There were far too many holes in the plot . There were mention of ghosts and Egyptian Gods when clearly the movie was gon na lead to neither . It was like the director or writer or whoever was trying to keep us guessing about the origin of the boy 's behavior and they just did n't pull it off . The parents just seemed to lack good ole common sense . At the end there were so many unanswered questions . The story comes off as incomplete . I 'm not gon na go into too much detail . I was just disappointed.I believe the movie could 've been way better had the story been filled out more . A lot just did n't make sense , for example when the dad tells the uncle he suspects something is wrong with Joshua . The uncle laughs and tells the dad he 's the one who needs help when just days before he had admitted very casually that his family has a history of mental illness . Or how the dad could 've proven his point with a very strong piece of evidence he found but he never uses it . I think Vera Famiga is a great actress but her character was left to just go crazy . That 's it.There is a lot of yelling and raging in the movie and a huge over reaction to a child attending a Christian meeting when the parents had stated earlier his preference of religion was his choice . Especially since one parent is supposedly Christian . It just does n't make sense . Another example , one day the dad is looking at a female co-worker and pornography because he supposedly is n't getting enough affection at home then when he gets his affection he is later seen flirting it up with this same girl while leaving his clearly unstable wife at home with his 2 kids . Or when the social worker leaves Joshua in the care of his father though she suspects abuse . It 's character actions like this that just lead to a lot of confusion.One minute you think you know where the movie 's going then it flip flops . I believe had the movie been thought through more and had left some things out and had explained all character actions it would 've been far better . I recently came across a film similar to this called We Need To Talk About Kevin . I have n't watched it yet but it looks very good .
 If you think `` Joshua '' is a horror movie , I suggest you always carry a spare pair of trousers with you in case you accidentally look down and see your own shadow . This movie -LRB- hilariously described as `` Hitchcockian '' -RRB- has no idea what it wants to do -- except be scary , which director/writer George Ratliff and co-writer David Gilbert pursue with all the fumbling gusto of screaming teenage fans waiting in line for a pop concert.The story -- what little there is -- centers around the parents of Joshua , a supposedly brilliant nine-year-old devil-child , and how everything basically goes to hell once Joshua 's baby sister is born . OK , stop . Let 's take this one step at a time.How do we know that Joshua is brilliant ? Um ... because he talks about what he learned in school and wears his shirts buttoned all the way up to the top.How do we know he 's evil ? Well , because he looks hard at things and does n't blink.But more importantly , WHY is he evil ? In other words , why is he trying to drive his poor parents nuts ? Well ... the filmmakers would like us to believe that it 's because he 's jealous of the attention his baby sister gets.One problem
 I can definitely see why this movie bombed at screenings and was released straight to DVD even after Fox Searchlight invested an arm and a leg for it at Sundance . Not only is the movie a downer , it also is unable to truly find a genre or its own niche . It 's the kind of movie that has unidentifiable characters and an air of absurdity about it , although it 's only really an exaggeration of what undoubtedly does take place . At the end of the day , The Omen succeeds much better in the psychological thriller that describes evil children . Having said that , it also bears saying that all performances are outstanding , particularly those of Sam Rockwell and Vera Farmiga .
 In the special features interviews with the cast and crew , people keep saying that they wanted this movie , about how a family falls apart in the wake of a new baby 's arrival , to be a source of discussion for the audience regarding what exactly the movie is it about . Is it about a mother 's hopeless battle with post-partum depression ? Is it about an evil child ? Is it about a father being manipulated by either his wife , his child or his Jesus-loving mother?After watching it , I have no idea which of those things it 's about . In its quest to be intriguingly ambiguous , the movie just winds up as vague . I found absolutely nothing in it to recommend it to anyone for any reason . It 's not creepy enough for horror fans , it 's not thrilling or mysterious enough for thriller/mystery fans and since Sam Rockwell is terribly mis-cast as the father in this film , it 's not even something I 'd tell his fans to watch.In the end , it 's just a strange little movie that does n't fit in anywhere . If that 's seriously what the writer/director George Ratliff wanted , then he succeeded , but I did n't succeed in enjoying the movie one bit .
 Joshua is a 9 year old boy , living in a very expensive NYC apartment with his mother -LRB- THE DEPARTED 's Vera Farmiga -RRB- and fund-manager father Sam Rockwell -LRB- CONFESSIONS OF A DANGEROUS MIND -RRB- . Soon to join their family is little Lilly , whose birth would seem to strengthen the family , but instead it brings up feelings in little Joshua . Or rather , it brings up the LACK of feelings in this singularly creepy child.JOSHUA is n't quite a horror movie ... nothing supernatural happens . What it does , however , is create a situation in which the post-partum depression -LRB- bordering on psychosis -RRB- of the mother collides with the sociopathic nature of her intelligent but emotionless son.Joshua is obsessed with ancient Egyptian culture , particularly the methods they had for embalming and preserving their dead . Joshua is also prone to making odd remarks out of the blue , such as `` You do n't have to love me , dad . There 's no law . '' Joshua IS loved , especially by his dad ... but he ca n't feel it , nor can he share it . He imitates the actions of others , in an effort to fit in . One early creepy scene has Joshua performing at a school piano recital . We 've seen him play in several earlier scenes , and we know he 's brilliant . But on stage , he imitates the horrible efforts of his peers , and plays a horrible version of `` Twinkle , Twinkle Little Star '' instead of Bartok.We might think that he 's simply jealous of his new sister ... but he appears to be jealous of other people having emotions . As his schemes begin to be furthered , his mother unravels and his perplexed father becomes more and more stressed about not keeping his family together.Farmiga , a very interesting looking actress , is not given much to do beyond going steadily nuts . Rockwell , on the other hand , plays a highly successful man who also appears to be a decent husband and doting father . A flawed but very good guy . An appeaser . But when the truth of who , or what , his son is sinks in ... Rockwell has some unusual reactions . In fact , his actions in the final scenes of the film do n't seem to flow from the character we knew before . He makes a huge leap in understanding his troubling kid , but then does various ridiculous things with that knowledge.JOSHUA is a slow-paced film ... just barely interesting enough to keep watching in the early going . As it becomes more clear what Joshua is , the film picks up ... just in time to run into the unconvincing personality change in the father 's character . The film rushes to an ending , and while the final scene is effective ... the ultimate feeling I was left with was `` eh , that did n't quite work . `` Rockwell is very good as the father ... it is the script that betrays him . Also , the film takes some needless digs at evangelical Christianity , in the depiction of Rockwell 's mother as a kook.So , while the film has its creepy moments and a good performance ... it is a 60 minute story stretched over 106 minutes ... thus slowed to a crawl and peppered with lazy writing . I ca n't quite recommend it .
 My daughter and I really wanted to like this . We thought it would be like the movie The Bad Seed . However , we were left just being disappointed . It starts out well with you questioning whether Joshua is a sociopath , abused child , or if the parents are the ones with the issues . The second half of the movie goes in all sorts of different directions . The ending leaves more questions than you started with . My daughter , who is 19 , loves all these types of movies and is very forgiving of ones that are not all that good , and she thought this was terrible . We agree with the review that states the movie ca n't decide what it wants to be .
 This was the absolute most boring movie I have ever seen . Im not kidding when I say nothing entertaining happend in this movie . TERRIBLE !!
 This movie is a complete waste of time , find something else better to do than watch this wantabee horror flick .
 Yikes ! From reading the other reviews , it sounds like this film was made by a young Orson Welles . Although the cinematography is very good -LRB- the city of Detroit rarely looks this superbly gritty and dark -RRB- , the `` story '' in this film is so poorly written , and , at times cliched . I guess the director was going for a `` Crash '' - like film with intertwining story lines of drama and redemption , but the stories fail miserably . It seems he tried to do way too much on way too small a budget and way-way too thin of a story.While the drug use , killings , racial politics , and prostitution are not glamorized , it is nevertheless used , exploitively at times -LRB- how many drug/crime films have shown drugs being prepared and then injected in extreme closeup -RRB- . The most laughable scene in the film is prior to the rape scene as the male predator chases the female prey around the convertable car . When he is unable to catch up to her in her high heels -LRB- apparently he is no track star -RRB- he decides to crouch down so she ca n't see him and sneak up on her . Of course , she realizes this and , instead of running away or into the building where her friend just ran for help , she peeks under the car to spot his location . Meanwhile , as she is on all fours , he sneaks up and attacks . This scene just looked silly.Some of the acting showed promise . A moment here or there in this film . And , after listening to the director 's commentary , the director seems to have some things to say about race relations , drug use , and the city of Detroit -LRB- all worthy subjects -RRB- . Perhaps a more simple story that followed one of the story lines - and did that well - as opposed to the collection of stories that ultimately do n't work.My guess is the positive reviews for this film are from the actors , friends , or members of the film class that made this soon-to-be-forgotten thing.I was really pulling for this movie because it is about my home town of Detroit . Too bad - there are good films to make about Detroit , this is not one of them .
 I enjoy the episodes that I can watch . The second episode on each disk will not show the last 5 to 10 minutes . The third episode will not start and the fourth episode will not play without the writer 's commentary . I can play every episode on my computer , but my family should not have to crowd around my 15 inch monitor to watch these shows.I have the first 5 seasons and have no problems playing any of them . This season has glitches .
 I actually had to return this item TWICE now . Amazon is being wonderful about it and giving me a full refund each time , but both times this arrived with the product damaged . The packaging was fine but the first DVD was scratched and the case was damaged . So disappointed cause we really want to watch this !
 item was returned , because 3 dvd had obvious scratches and one was therefore recognized neither by my dvd-player nor my pc . series i guess are good quality so the 1 star rating is only for the dvds .
 The overall process of recieving the item was good . However I recieved the same item for a gift and wanted to return my item only to find out the return address is in Great Britian . The return costs would have been more than the item purchased . If I had known the return address was out of the country I would not have purchased from this perticular vender .
 I you are looking for thrills an chills in the form of a killer shark see a Jaws movie , Deep Blue Sea , Open Water The Reef or even Shark Night . If you want to see a blatant rip-off of one of the best movies of all time with horrible acting and worse SFX , this is the movie for you . Words can not accurately convey the depth of this cinematic train-wreck . You have to see it to believe it !
 I love shark movies , but this one is not one of the best . I did not like it at all . I wasted my money on it . Not worth buying in my oppinion . Two headed Shark attack is better .
 What a terrible film with bad dubbing to boot , I can see why this was shelved for years.Why do people on here write good reviews for awful movies?Take my word for it folks , I believed the hype of this film and let me honestly say after buying and viewing it , What A Let Down.I ca n't understand why Universal took objection against this film as it was never any serious threat to Jaws.Buy Jaws if you do n't already have it , do n't waste your money with this mess.The Last Shark aka Great White if anyone cares .
 Anyone , I mean ANYONE who could actually claim -LRB- Great White or Last Shark -RRB- to be a good film has ingested an unusually high amount of drugs.Simply put , this is a pitiful ripoff of lousy quality . The acting is terrible and the `` effects '' bottom of the barrel . Some of the reviews on here are delusional . Some guy said it was better than the CGI-loaded films of today . Well , while CGI can be annoying , how could you say stock footage of a shark swimming around maybe half the size of the mechanized piece of crap they use looked good ? I think the water changes colors about 5 times during the film.Damn , even the women are hideous and flat-chested ! Ca n't have that in a shark movie!Man , the shame of anyone involved with this film must 've been huge . The deaths are comical , and the opening of some muscle-bound douche wind surfing for what seems like an eternity is among the worst in cinematic history.This is terrible people ! Hard to believe Universal sued the makers of this crapfest because it would 've died an appropriately quick death from word of mouth.That being said , it was hilariously awful at times and well worth watching for that reason and that reason alone . The transfer to DVD was more than acceptable as well shockingly . The audio sucks , but that 's the way it was shot . I have to admit , I always wondered how bad this film was and now I know-it 's worse than Bea Arthur in the nude !
 I recently saw this movie and watched JAWS again as well and I can confirm that this movie is definitely not JAWS . I ca n't believe normal moviegoers can even make a statement like that.Yes , the basic story is a straight rip-off of JAWS , but everything else is different and much much worse . The shark looks terrible and fake . It closely resembles the inflatable shark my dad bought me when I was 12 yrs old and has just as much movement . The script is terrible and you end up not caring for any of the characters because they 're all paper thin.Where JAWS had the emotional depth of the ocean , this movie is more akin to a kiddie pool.Please DO NOT WATCH this and waste your money . You will not make it to the end ! Its does n't even land in the `` So-bad-it 's - good '' category like the Mega-shark v/s Dino-Croc type movies . ! I wish I could give it lower ratings ! UGHHHHH ! Nowhere close to JAWS !
 This film is badly hurt by a script that has minimal drama or momentum . Not that things do n't happen , but they are played out in dry and implausible ways . From the opening scene of Captain Briggs asking Sarah to marry him and his rivalry spelled out in terms of pure exposition to the way nothing manages to be suspenseful , this is a very poorly done film . That 's not to say it is n't worth seeing . The acting is generally strong from everyone , particularly given what they have to work with . Everyone now is watching it for Lugosi , who is a revelation -- he is nearly unrecognizable and even tries to speak differently than usual , which is quite a task for him , not entirely successful in its accomplishment . Clift 's direction makes it almost more of a surprise that Lugosi is the killer , since every aspect of the performance suggests that he has been given the rare -LRB- for him -RRB- opportunity to play a good guy -- it must be intentional the way his face moves in the prayer scene . Edmund Willard is a one-note bad guy while Arthur Margetson chews the scenery with an expressive voice.The excellent art direction of J. Elder Wills is ill-utilized , and the film would surely look better if only stills from it survived . The enormous wheel of the opening marriage conflict scene could have been quite powerfully rendered in the hands of a more gifted filmmaker . Notable , too is the noirish use of shadows in the four-handed cinematography.It is great that Image has taken pains to preserve what 's left of the film , but the film itself is a major disappointment -- a drama of uninvolving proportions and laughably poor dialogue .
 I was in the video store and saw a cool looking action suspense film in the new release section called `` Lies and Illusions '' starring Christian Slater and Cuba Gooding Jr. . OK , OK , I realized it was some straight to video B flick because I 'd never heard of it , but I figured , `` hey , good cast ! How bad can it be ? '' Boy , how the mighty have fallen . The first third feels like a watchable low budget indie flick and is n't too bad . Then they must have run out of money . At this point the shot-on-location story inexplicably moves from Seattle to Spokane of all places and the actors stop even trying . My wife and I were in tears laughing by this time . The unchoriographed fight scenes between out-of-shape actors with no martial arts training looked like middle aged Power Rangers on Methadone . As it gets progressively worse toward the end , better quality diologue could be found in a porn movie . Then to top it off , there 's a plane crash at the end that looks straight out of an Ed Wood movie . If you see this on the shelf , be a good samaritan and remove all copies and hide them so nobody else gets subjected to this .
 I am being quite generous giving this awful movie a one star rating ! This movie is unbelievably bad ! I can not believe that Slater and Gooding Jr. did not read the script and laugh out loud at the ridiculous plot and cheezy one-liners ! The entire film , the acting , the music , the sound effects , the script , had the effect of an adult movie , and lets be clear , the aformentioned categories are not what people watch adult movies for ! My wife and I watched the entire movie , and I really now scratch my head and wonder why ! I watch a lot of movies , and I can honestly say , I can not remember when I last saw a movie that was this bad . Even if this was made for TV , there are many , many good made-for-TV movies . This one clearly does n't make the cut . The acting is atroscious , and the worst offenders are Slater and Gooding Jr. !! It is hard to believe that these two have actually been in good movies ! The sound effects , gun shots for example , are laughable!I can not believe this movie is $ 19.99 !! Do not waste your money , or your time .
 This movie is just awful in every way . Do n't be fooled by the two name actors . It 's an embarassment of script , direction , acting , soundtrack , editing , and just about anything else you can imagine .
 Shame on Slater and Gooding for appearing in such a dog of a movie . . Its almost unwatchable the acting is so terrible . . This is the very bottom of the heap for movies I have seen . . Do n't waste your time on money on this travesty of a movie .
 On paper , this movie has an interesting premise . An award-winning author of a relationship book -LRB- Slater -RRB- has his fiance abducted on the night of his book 's big promotional party , and after a year passes with no trace of his beloved it becomes clear that she was hiding a lot of important secrets , not the least of which being a small alcove in their garage which is filled with weapons and high-tech gadgetry . Suddenly Slater 's writer finds himself hunted down by gangsters and diamond thieves , led by an unflappable and horribly overacted Cuba Gooding.Others have said it before , and I 'll add to their claims
 My boyfriend and I rented this last night , never having heard of it before but so curious to see Gooding and Slater in action together . All I can say is - `` SIGH '' and `` WHAT WERE THEY THINKING '' ... Bad movie overall with dubious plot and poor acting -LRB- and you have to realize , I 've always been a big fan of Gooding and Slater -RRB- . And that bit with the `` recipes for troubled couples '' was just so ridiculous and unnecessary . Was it all meant to be funny ? Seriously , did I miss the joke and timing of the movie altogether?Sadly , a good couple of hours of my life I 'll never get back again .
 It is movies like this that make me think I will never rent another movie without reading a review . The best part of this movie was reading all the negative reviews after the fact . Some of them are hilarious . Thank you reviewers for being the bright spot in this movie experience .
 As I watched this atrocity - feeling my brains cells commiting suicide by the dozens - I wondered how such a piece of garbage could actually get produced . Christan Slater should be banned from ever acting again and Cuba Gooding Jr. should stick to acting retarded like he did in Radio . This celluloid nightmare made me ashamed to be a human being for the simple fact that a child could have made something much more entertaining . This movie should be shown to deathly ill hospitial patients who are yearning for a quick euphanising .
 I guess if any good can be said it is the laugh we have had at how awful the one liners were such as ... `` I 've never seen my own blood '' ... Slater 's acting was deplorable , the writing was worse , and the effects -- if you could call them that -- were a complete joke ... amateurs could do much better than this ... I ca n't believe it had these two big names ... I wo n't fall for that again .
 Gak ! I stopped watching after a half-hour and thank goodness it was a rental . It 's not only an obvious plot , but even the bass playing was a rip-off .
 SECOND BAD MOVIE IN A ROW I 'VE RENTED THRU RED BOX . THIS WAS ABOUT AS BAD AS MANAGEMENT . SHOWS TO GO YA THAT NAME STARS DO NOT A GOOD MOVIE MAKE . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS TURKEY .
 Do not waste your time or money , one of the worst movies I 've seen in years , Gooding and Slater used to be actors , what happened ?
 Lies and Illusions was released on DVD on September 29 , 2009 , and was directed by Tibor Takacs . The movie stars Christian Slater as Wes Wilson , Cuba Gooding Jr. as Isaac , Sara Ann Schultz as Samantha and Christina Campbell as Nicole.Wes Wilson is a first-time novelist who 's book , ` How To Find Love In The 21st Century ' , is topping all the best seller lists . Wes is also engaged to be married to the girl of his dreams . Everything seems perfect in Wes ' life until his fiance ' is kidnapped and presumed dead . Soon Wes meets Isaac , played by Gooding Jr. , who claims that Wes ' fiance ' , Samantha stole 10 million dollars worth of diamonds from him and guess what ? He wants them back ! Now Wes is faced with the harsh reality that everything Samatha had ever told him was a lie.Let me just stop right here so you wo n't get the impression that this is actually a good movie . It was almost painful for me to watch Lies And Illusions because I am such a huge fan of Slater and Gooding . The acting is below B-flick and the camera angles are reminiscent of home movies shot by a shaky mom . Toss in the ultra-cheesy special affects and what 's left over is Lies And Illusions . If you find yourself at the video store standing in front of this movie , please walk away quickly ! If you will not heed my advice , you would be better off by simply walking in the store , handing the kid behind the counter $ 3 and walking out empty handed . I am only giving Lies And Illusions a 1-star rating . Half a star for Christian Slater and half for Cuba Gooding Jr. . And trust me when I tell you ... I am being generous!WebbWeaver Reviews
 Well , it 's a good story that falls a bit short of the mark ... This movie could have been so much better . The fight scene in the bar was awful ... The ending plain crash was just stupid , my 15 year old daughter could do better with Lightwave 3D and Adobe ... It 's cool if you live in one of the cities to see some of the locations they filmed in . You can tell it 's a movie because the cars did not fall into Spokane 's bottomless potholes and the actors where not harassed by transients begging for money or cigarettes every 5 seconds .
 As a Christian Slater fan , I watched this . I am glad it was on TV and I did not have to pay . By the end , I was sad for Slater and the turn his career has taken that he has to accept roles like this . The premise was interesting , but the actresses are not very solid . I agree too , that the jerky camera work was to hide the fact that they were not really doing the moves in the fight scenes -- like the audience would not notice . Wes is annoying , but I thought he was supposed to be sort of a nerd . The opening scene with his bizarre marriage proposal was laughable . It starts off decent , but gets worse as it progresses . I am not going to tell people whether or not they should watch this as I ca n't speak for what they may or may not like . But at the end of the day , it is not a very good film . Sometimes I wonder if the actors realize how bad a film is or how they feel when they see a bad film in which they appear . Slater and Gooding , Jr. are not stupid and I am sure they realized how bad this was once they saw it . Better luck with their upcoming projects , including Sacrifice , in which they appear together again .
 The whole movie I am wondering if this is a comedy or a serious movie . Either way it was lousy . What a total waste of time and money . I would rather dig a ditch and then fill it .
 My S.O. brought Fido here home for the weekend from Shlockbuster - I do not recall having `` viewed '' a WORST movie in many , many years . As I desperately waited for it to `` take off '' , and realized one hour in that it was NOT going to , all I could think of was Slater breaking in half in `` Mindhunters '' , a film `` Lies and Illusions '' makes look like `` Citizen Kane '' . -LRB- Has ever a film had a more clunky , insipid , TELEGRAPHING title than this one ???! Why did n't the * Director * just call it
 You would expect more from this cast of characters but this is easily the worst movie I 've seen all year . Not worth spending a single dime on this horrible film . Unfortunately I ca n't give this review less than a single star .
 This movie is sooo awful I had to finish watching it . Highly recommended for the college crowd that wants to get high , order papa johns and pass out on their couch .
 Calling this a `` festering turd of a movie '' is being way too kind . I am more stupid for having watched it :-LRB- Cuba and Slater 's careers are obviously over ...
 OK . I am being as fair and honest as any rational human being can be . To be sure , there has never , ever , in the history of film , been such an unbearably awful waste of celluloid as this . By comparison , having your fingernails and toenails ripped out , one by one , over a concurrent hour and a half by a pair of rusty pliers , would without a doubt , be complete and utter ecstasy compared to enduring the entirety of this bomb . The entire cast and crew , if they have not already been , should be taken out back and shot , not once , but as many times as it takes to be absolutely and positively sure of their never being associated with any aspect of the film industry ever again . I can not even imagine what disturbing combination of abusive substances they were all on , when considering the making of , or appearing in , anything even remotely resembling this sad and blatant misuse of time and energy . It is truly the worst nightmare you can imagine - times infinity . Now , that being said - and it just HAD to be said - believe it or not , I actually sincerely urge you to somehow garner every ounce of your strength , so as to make your most valiant attempt to withstand the overt and continuous barrage of mental garbage that is going to be thrown your way , if for no other reason than to conclusively have the absolute nadir from which to compare any other film . And , as such , kudos are begrudgingly due to the entire miserable ensemble for giving us that one inexorably valuable measure .
 Just rented this movie from redbox . Terrible . It 's not worth the $ 1 I paid to rent it . I would n't even rent it if it were free . I wish I could give it negative stars .
 2 great actors for such a very poor film , thin story line totaly boring going nowhere , can say much more than that only that I wish I could get my money back !!!! .
 Its hard to believe that this film was actually made . What I find harder to understand is how Cuba and Christian read this script and thought ` hey , this could be good ' . Its just really really bad on some many levels . Perhaps the worst script I 've ever heard uttered with actors that seemed more like hobbyists . It was deliciously painful , if you want to be motivated to tear into a film , I highly recommend wasting 93 minutes .
 This is the worst piece of cinemarphotgrapy I have ever seen . There should be a law pasted stopping such trash being sold on the open market . Christin Slater would be out acted by a wooden door , in this movie , he should go back to delivering post not lines in movies , the man can not act , apart from looking stupid and out of his depth.What was Cuba doing in thi s movie ? , only he can tell , please you are far better than this sad sad movie . The only say grace was the beautiful blonde who tired to raise the standard of acting , but failed.One movie to bury and forget , but make sure it is deep hole .
 Terrible in almost every imaginable way - acting , plot , score , directing . Unimaginably bad ... you have been warned .
 Was hoping his would be a sleeper as the ad campaign has been in full swing with poster placements , distributor plugs and so on . Unfortunately , from beginning to end things keep ticking away at making this a recommendation and/or a re-watchable film.The story follows a best selling author as he is mysteriously lied to from everyone that surrounds him -LRB- fiancee , lawyer , new girlfriend , etc. -RRB- then unwittingly gets swept into the criminal world to fix these `` lies and illusions '' . Christian Slater plays the writer , Cuba Gooding plays the bad guy boss , and the two fighting gals are played by B movie queens Christa Campbell and Sarah Ann Schultz.Truly , everything about this film as it transpires makes you want to turn it off , from the corny writing -LRB- if Slater said that stupid line of `` I am just a writer '' one more time above the 10 others I would have had to call it quits -RRB- , cheesy situations , jittery camera work that blurs each action scene -LRB- the effect of hiding not really doing the stunts and low speed contact -RRB- , bad editing -LRB- the voices blatantly mismatch the mouth -LRB- s -RRB- in well over 30 different scenes -RRB- , but mostly the horrible fight choreography . The movie was being sold in the ads as having the cool fight sequence between the two ladies , but their bar kick fight scene was so poorly done , it felt hollow . Screening the film in store actually lost rentals as customers were immediately turned off by the bad camera work and cheesy fighting . The camera jitter was so bad in one of the lawyer office scenes it actually felt like the camera was bumped and dropped.The Blu quality was not given any treatment and the resulting low grade feel gave it a reference right to a B film -LRB- non Blu preservation -RRB- . This kind of work has unfortunately plummeted Cuba 's sale and rental status with those last few films ; this did not help . The supplement is an 11 minute making-of that contained more footage from the movie than it did relevant interview/background material . Can only recommend as a rental when you are in the mood for what has come to be expected from this crew . Hope you get something more out of it .
 A self help author is hunted by thugs who believe the writer holds millions of dollars in diamonds stolen by his dead fianc&eacute;e . This movie was terrible , but not a complete waste of time . I a had good laugh while watching it . Despite the decent actors -LRB- Cuba Gooding Jr and Christian Slater -RRB- , it was awful . The script and screenplay are so incredibly poor that it looks like a little child spent the time in writing this movie . Avoid this movie if you can , spend your free time in something more intriguing .
 I tried my best to watch this movie to it 's bitter end , but had to give up . Christian Slater and Cuba Gooding Jr. would have done adequate jobs if they were directed properly . An interesting plot with talented -LRB- at least one -RRB- actors undone by bad acting , a poor screenplay and production . If you must see this movie for educational purposes -- rent , do n't buy . You have been warned .
 There was nothing redeemable about this movie . Just plain bad - do n't waste your time !
 A quarter of the way through this movie my wife asked me why we were wasting our life watching it . Unfortunately I said we should stick with it to see what happens , and all that happened was pure sillyness . I ca n't believe these actors would be part of something like this !
 This movie is unbelievably bad in almost every possible way . The initial premise is weak at best , and unconvincingly executed . Never mind the clumsy , cheesy dialoge , Slater and Schultz never for a moment seem to actually care for each other . Gooding 's portrayal of an ambiguously gay crime boss is marginally better , if only for the novelty , but the role itself is a ridiculous caricature , and adds nothing to the story . The chase scene is nothing but a chain of uninspired fender benders . The music is jarringly incongruous in every scene other than the bank-I 'm assuming banks still play Muzak . Hollywood 's long love affair with miraculous Hannukah guns that blaze for 8 days without reloading continues here , though the gunplay IS notable in that except in the closest quarters , everyone is a TERRIBLE shot . After the first 30M , I only continued watching in a perverse curiosity to see if it got worse . It did . I would sooner watch daytime TV than ever see this again . I wish I could give negative stars .
 This is , hands down , the worst movie I 've had the misfortune to put in my DVD player !! I completely agree with the reviewer that shames the two actors for allowing themselves to be on film , NOT ACTING ! High school one act plays have more guts than this , with better acting , better dialogue and better scripts ! Billed as comedy/thriller ? I think not ! No comic relief from any of the performers ... they deliver their lines like they were reading for an audition and not a good one at that ! I had to take the movie out when I heard `` I 'm just a writer ! '' for the umpteenth time !! If this is the best you can do , Cuba and Christian , you either need new agents or new careers . The rest of the cast ?? You do n't even belong on the extra list ! The baddie with having a bad hair day ?? Worse than bad ! Wish there were a 1/2 star ! Even that is too much ! If you have a choice between this movie and a root canal ? Opt for the root canal ... at least you get anesthetic with that !
 I would have expected alot more from Christian Slater and Cuba Gooding , Jr. . I think my jaw was on the ground the whole time watching this movie thinking can this be real . . The acting was horrible and the two women in the movie are definately B rated movie actresses . I was excited to see this movie because of Christian and Cuba and was very dissapointed . Im still in shock . .
 Wow , was I bored watching this silly movie . I expect more out of Christian Slater and Cuba Gooding Jr.What a monumental waste of time watching this .
 I was really looking forward to seeing a half-way decent movie with Christian Slater . It is a toss-up between Christen Slater and Cuba Gooding , Jr. , as to WHO was the WORSE !! The acting was horrible , the story-line was even worse . I am sitting here shaking my head , thinking these two actors have really hit rock-bottom . Poor things!Don ' t waste your money or your precious time on this piece of JUNK !
 Wow , after seeing Sacrifice - another recent straight-to-DVD thriller starring Cuba Gooding and Christian Slater , I was VERY impressed . It 's one of the best movies I 've seen either one of them in . Almost all of Cuba 's recent efforts have been awesome , way better than his `` show me the money '' / what dreams may come career in the 90s as a black man that white suburban moms could appreciate . Blah . The NEW Cuba is almost always kickin a $ $ and takin names . Really , for grade A action movies check out `` Hero Wanted '' , `` Sacrifice '' , `` line watch '' , `` shadowboxer '' , `` the hit list '' , or even `` wrong turn at tahoe '' . They are all unique , showing a new badazz side of Cuba that I really doubt anyone could have seen coming from his `` hey college kids , pass the chips and lem me have a seat at the dinner table ! '' persona of the past - I used to really dislike the guy , but now I 'm addicted to his recent efforts as I am to anything involving Charles Bronson , Van Damme , or Sylvester Stallone - ca n't wait to see his new collaboration with Dolph Lundgren , oh ya baby ! But back to this movie , it really blows . Cuba is n't given an interesting or believable role , Christian Slater seems to be on perkosette the whole time -LRB- in a bad way , if I read that I might want to see this too but his acting is so bland in this ben stein might as well have had the lead role -RRB- and there 's almost no action . I kept waiting for something cool to happen but it just does n't . Spoiler
 < strong > Lies and Illusions < / strong > -LRB- Tibor Tak&aacute;cs , 2009 -RRB- After a quick check of the admittedly rather incomplete spreadsheet I keep of all the movies I 've seen -LRB- anything I watched before June 2007 , thanks to a hard drive crash , relies on my often-faulty memory or reviews I wrote after seeing the films in question -RRB- , < em > Lies and Illusions < / em > is , by far , the best Tibor Tak&aacute;cs - directed movie I have ever seen . -LRB- A quick check of IMDB reveals this may not be true ; Tak&aacute;cs directed < em > The Gate < / em > , which I remember seeing in the theatre back in 1986 , but have n't seen it since , so ca n't remember enough to rate it . -RRB- It is worth noting , however , that everything is relative when it comes to such statements . The three other Tak&aacute;cs movies sitting on my list have either one star -LRB- < em > Rats < / em > , the infamous < em > Mansquito < / em > -RRB- or zero stars -LRB- < em > Earthquake
 Ok ... . slasher type movie with a killer that is a Michael Myer 's wan na be ! The makers of this movie are dreaming if they think they can come anywhere close to Halloween or Michael Myers !!!! A killing spree began years ago in Devil 's Lake . The killings were never solved . Many years later , a local deputy who 's parents were among the victims of the killer is investigating a new series of murders that are very similiar to the ones years earlier . Overall , not a great movie . I 'd suggest watching it only if you are bored out of your mind !!
 After watching Harvest of Fear , I was all ready to see this movie , it 's sequel . Unfortunately , it let me down . The first movie had a better plot and overall better look to it . There were also more kills and more gore in Harvest of Fear . It 's an OK movie , but not worth more than a couple dollars .
 The lead character -LRB- killer -RRB- is a blatant rip off of Micheal Myers , from the mask and clothing , to the knife , to his demeanor . There was very little I enjoyed about this movie , other than comparing it to others because of the obvious similarities . You even find out who the killer is before he 's unmasked . I 've seen more mystery in a Scooby Doo episode . If you 're a fan of B-movies that are A-movie rip-offs , then this one 's for you . If not , do n't waste your time .
 I bought this from `` inetvideo '' and saw mention of a chance that the product might have a bilingual cover . Well , turns out I was sold the Alliance studios release , not the Dimension one . I ca n't speak for Dimension , but Alliance pulled off a DVD rip of this movie and pressed it onto a BR disc . I used to own the 2 disc DVD and my blu ray looks maybe 5 % better . AVOID the Alliance studios release -LRB- It 's got French all over the back cover you 'll know it if you see it -RRB- at all costs .
 this is nothing more than a Lame Cameo dropping take on Bill & Ted 's Adventures from back in the 80 's . the film is cheap jokes & waste of Cameos.Chris Rock had some funny moments.cool seeing the Group The Time because in all Honesty that is the Main reason why I wanted to watch this Film in the first place.the film never connected to me at all.some funny skits but Lame overall .
 OK , here 's MORE ... - talking on the internet about Jay and Silent Bob ! While I think THEY are hilarious -LRB- in other movies -RRB- , this movie is unbelievably stupid . I 'm a big fan of Clerks , Mallrats , etc. . . but I absolutely hated this . There were maybe a total of 10 actually amusing minutes ! Sometimes trying to be stupid for laughs just simply does n't work and is annoying . Thankfully I saw it on pay-per-view and did n't buy it , so I saved some money . I suggest you watch it on TV before you buy.Also , if you 're offended by foul language -LRB- which I 'm not -RRB- you will hate this movie even more than I did . It was even too much obscenity for me.RATING = NO stars !
 This would be one of the worst movie ever made if I did n't like the Jay and Silent Bob Characters ... the movie is HORRIBLE ... the plot is so stupid.Some of it was a bit too vulgar as well ... . not in a funny way like the previous movies but in a stupid `` American Pie '' type of way . Yuck!I still like Jay and Silent Bob the characters . . they were my favorites in the other movies ... I ca n't BELIEVE how -LSB- junky -RSB- this movie was.The ENTIRE thing about the monkey was stupid . . every last scene with or about the monkey -LSB- stunk -RSB- . The entire time they talked about how bad the movie was IN THE MOVIE ... he knew it was a bad movie . . so why did he make it ???
 Here we have a dog of a film that even the legendary Ed Wood would blush at being involved with . It should appeal to the same sort ... who watch MTV 's `` Real World '' or who think that Tom Green is funny . This flick is a real candidate for worst movie of the year.The question is how this fowl-mouthed disgrace ever got an R rating . NC-17 would be far more appropriate . Crude , pointless and unfunny `` Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back '' is a monument to the overweening self-indulgence of the new generation of Hollywood `` Producers '' . -LRB- Note to Hollywood
 `` Clerks '' was one of the most clever and intelligent movies ever . `` Mallrats '' was witty and entertaining . `` Chasing Amy '' - a fantastic commentary on some alternative social issues , and very emotional . `` Dogma '' was an incarnation of what any thinking person might have wanted to say about organized religion ... and kept you laughing . `` Jay and Silent Bob '' ... ? I want my 8 dollars back ... and , the 50 cents I used for gas . And the .005 cents in electricity I used to watch the trailer on my computer.So why do I give it two stars ? It would be one , but any die hard Kevin Smith fan has to give him kudos for all of the cameos and reunions . And , I 'd be lying if I said his bringing to fruition a great Scooby Doo Crew fantasy did n't work for me . However , I think he expects a little too much from us , his loyal followers . Even the movie 's theme revolves around people going to see his movie , and dogging it on the internet -LRB- a blatant mockery of everyone who paid for a ticket -RRB- . It 's as if he used his fame and notoriety from past movies to drag us into what could only be described as the Cannonball Run of 2001 . I was most disturbed by the weak satire that kept popping it 's ugly head throughout the movie . The key to satire is recognition ; you should n't have to tell someone that you 're being funny -LRB- and ... I loosly quote
 In 1994 , Kevin Smith broke onto the independent movie scene with his truly excellent low budget film CLERKS . The film succeeded primarily because it was comprised almost entirely of talk . Awesome talk . Moreover , it is one of those rare films that gets better on each reviewing . He followed this up with the fairly dreadful MALLRATS , which was marred partly by a lack of story , partly by expanding the roles of Jay and Silent Bob , and partly by injecting way too much humor having to do with one bodily function or another . CHASING AMY , on the other hand , was incredible , and it looked like Smith was completely back on track . But note , in CLERKS and CHASING AMY , Jay and Silent Bob had very , very small roles . DOGMA elevated both characters to new levels . I do n't think it was an accident that DOGMA and MALLRATS were the weakest of his first four films . The basic problem is that neither Jason Mewes nor Smith are good actors , and both are utterly dreadful physical comedians . Since Smith inexplicably injects a fair amount of physical comedy into his films , this is not a good thing.I was extremely dubious about JAY AND SILENT BOB STRIKE BACK from the moment I first heard about it . Having come to the conclusion that `` more Jay and Silent Bob '' = `` less of a flick , '' I was afraid that this was going to be one of his weaker efforts . Unfortunately , it was much worse than I had anticipated . I had hoped that they would perhaps move away from some of the sophomoric jokes that had marred MALLRATS and DOGMA , but I was mistaken.What is wrong with the film ? First , Mewes and Smith remain dreadful comic actors , especially when called upon to do physical comedy . If anyone doubts this , just look at the way they run on their way to the animal lab before stealing the orangutan . Second , the script was just wretched , filled with an inconceivable number of jokes about homosexuality , sex , flatulence , and dope . A little of that kind of humor goes a very , very long way . We are given piles of it . Third , the cast , which is overall rather amazing , is just wasted . It is embarrassing to see first-rate talent wasting itself . Most of the performers simply ca n't transcend the weakness of the material they have to work with , but others , like the dreadful Will Ferrell and the unfortunate Mark Hamill , manage to make things worse than they ought to be.So , while I loved both CLERKS and CHASING AMY -LRB- and the animated version of CLERKS -RRB- , this film pretty makes me want to give up on Kevin Smith . Will he make another good film ? Possibly . Do I expect him to ? No . If he does , he needs to jettison completely all the physical humor . And he needs to grow up a bit . One of the reasons that CHASING AMY was so successful -LRB- apart from the fact that it featured no physical comedy -RRB- was the fact that the issues dealt with in that film are real , adult issues . The jokes of MALLRATS , this film , and even DOGMA , or adolescent jokes . Smith is now in his thirties . He ought to focus on more age-appropriate issues.As a last observation , I have to say that I do n't understand how Smith manages to get so many name actors and actresses in his films . Money , of course , but he has so many names that I suspect that most were working for below what they normally charge . He must be a great guy with a lot of charm.So , a severe disappointment . Maybe Smith will right his ship . From the Internet I have learned that he has a project in the works in which he does not appear as an actor . I think that is a good sign . Also , a new CLERKS animated film is in the works . I liked the previous animated version very , very much , so this could be a lot of fun . So , I am not optimistic , given DOGMA and this film , but I can only hope .
 After hearing all the hype about this movie and enjoying mallrats , I decided to rent this disaster . Everyone told me how funny it is , but I still have yet to find a funny five seconds in this movie.Smith is hardly qualified to have a starring role in any movie let alone relying on facial expressions to do his acting . 98 % of the time his charecter is silent leaving the even less talented Mewes to pick up the lost crappy dialog . Throw in tasteless profanity and you have a waste of two hours.Here 's how I figured the two stars : One is for the fact that there are some good cameos in here that should be in many other movies , which saves this movie from being a `` b-movie '' . The other star is for the fact that Ali Larter has a role . Personally I think she is way too underrated and simply blows Shannon Elisibeth out of the water , not only in the looks department but as an actress too.If you want to see a funny movie get something by the farrelly brothers.If you want to see good raunchy comedy see porkys or american pie.If you want a good sequil see ap2.If you want to see more of Ali Larter get Varsity Blues.If you want to see a good Kevin Smith movie get Mallrats.If you want to waste your time and money get this movie .
 Unlike Kevin Smith 's previous film , the religiously and deliciously satirical `` Dogma , '' his latest venture , `` Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back , '' turns out to be nothing more than one of the most incredibly mind-numbing , drool-inducing movies to come along since ... well , since ... hmm , guess this one hits an all-time low . A non-stop vomitorium of `` one note jokes that only stoners laugh at , '' this is , without a doubt , one of cinema 's worst movies , if not its most idiotic -LRB- and yes , I 'm aware that `` Scary Movie 2 '' is still out there -RRB- . I came into the movie expecting nothing less than a ridiculous concept and hammy acting , and that 's exactly what I got , but with less comedic genius than `` There 's Something About Mary , '' and less appealing gross outs than the `` American Pie '' franchise . The story -LRB- if you can consider it as such -RRB- focuses on potheads Jay -LRB- Jason Mewes -RRB- and Silent Bob -LRB- director Kevin Smith -RRB- , two bumbling idiots who wander around aimlessly in search of a better movie . They discover that a comic book for which they were the inspiration is being made into a movie , and they set out for Hollywood to score some `` proverbial phat cash . `` Along the way , they encounter various offbeat characters , too offbeat , if you ask me . Unlike some of Smith 's previous material , `` Jay and Silent Bob '' is strictly for Smith followers , and even devout worshippers may find much of the material completely lacking . Smith bows down to the lowest of all gross-outs and toilet humor , injecting every two seconds of the film with constant mutterings of ... Nearly every gag in the film has a gay context , from Jay 's ongoing quips about Silent Bob 's sexual orientation , to their masquerading as a homosexual couple to evade police in search of a stolen orangutan . Saturday Night Live alumnus Will Ferrell has perhaps the only funny line in the film in that particular scene , but that 's about the extent of the movie 's comedic potential.In the midst of the profanities and homosexual putdowns , we are given two of the most incredibly banal characters in recent movie history . To borrow a phrase from the film , `` Jay and Silent Bob are stupid characters -- a couple of stoners who spout -LSB- off -RSB- catch phrases like a third-rate Cheech and Chong , or Bill and Ted . '' ` Nuff said.There is some quiet potential at rest here . As they hitch-hike their way to Hollywood to stop production on the Bluntman and Chronic movie , which is being produced by Miramax , the film pokes several satirical and limber jabs at its own production company , parodying everything from the `` Scream '' trilogy to `` Good Will Hunting . '' Many of Kevin Smith 's regulars make cameo appearances , while actors like Jason Biggs and James van der Beek poke fun at their characters from `` American Pie '' and `` Dawson 's Creek . `` I must say , to see the potential in these later scenes give way to the ill-fated conundrum of filth and disgust makes for a real downer of a second half . Not that the first half is any better by any rate . Maybe I 'm being too critical of the film 's weaknesses , and should just go along with the joke . But the joke is not funny . The movie is not funny . Unlike much of Kevin Smith 's films , `` Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back '' is the true love-it-or-hate-it film of his career . To borrow another well-worded phrase from the film , `` Jay and Silent Bob only work in small doses , if at all . ''
 Let me first say off the cuff that I worship Kevin Smith . I thought Mallrats was hilarious , that Dogma was genius , and that Chasing Amy is one of the best relationship/comedy movies that will ever be made . I missed this latest film of Kevin 's at theaters , and could n't wait for the dvd release ... I bought it right away , without any preview or rental . Such is my faith in Smith 's ability to entertain . And I always found Jay and Silent Bob priceless . I could n't believe what I saw . The movie let me down . It seemed like a two-hour inside joke that I was n't in on . I kept on trying to look for some redeeming joke or humor in the film , but as the credits rolled I was at a loss . There are some funny moments -- Matt Damon , Ben Affleck , and Jason Lee goofing off . But that just did n't justify a purchase at all . For fans I 'd have to say it 's a periodic rental at best . If you are n't a fan , do n't even think about seeing this film . Hope Kevin makes it up to us in Jersey Girl .
 If there is one thing that a Kevin Smith movie has ALWAYS had is great dialogue . Real , natural discussion has been the corner stone of every one of his movies until now . I dare someone to find me a single quotable conversation in this movie that compares to the `` contractors for the death star '' from Clerks , `` what designates a food court ? '' from Mallrats , or the `` lesbian '' speech from Chasing Amy . Unfortunately all we get instead is a long series of gay jokes.I laughed twice during this whole movie . What a sad way to put these characters to bed ...
 There were a few funny parts in this movie . A small few . And most of them had other people as primary characters . I love Kevin Smith and all of his other movies , however this one is one to skip . It seems Kevin Smith has finally tried to cash in on his own little Hollywood juggernaut . Too bad it failed miserably .
 . . First off , let me say , I adore Kevin Smith - I have Chasing Amy , and Dogma , and will pick up Mallrats when I run across it.I just think he 's the greatest . Which is probably why this movie was a huge letdown . Following Dogma , which was pure genius , and geniunely , consistently FUNNY ; I ca n't understand what went wrong with this film . All the premises were right on ; I do n't think the actors were all `` on '' however . It must have just looked a lot better on paper , than it came out on film.I did n't have any problem with the vulgarity ; except maybe it was a tad excessive , and gratuitous . . I just did n't laugh through this whole movie . I kept waiting for it get funny , and it just did n't . I 'm sorry Kevin , if you 're reading this ; but you can probably take it .
 Alright , before this movie , i was a huge Jay and Silent Bob fan . Clerks is one of my favorite movies of all time . But this movie was a huge let down . It was too unintelligent and immature for my taste , and the plot was ridiculous . Sorry to those of you who liked it , but i thought it was an overall pathetic movie .
 Although they are amusing in small doses , as in Kevin Smith 's previous movies , this movie is mostly stupid and annoying . Not that that 's a bad thing ; some of this is actually very funny . After finding insulting comments about themselves on a film website , the two losers head to Hollywood to stop a movie about them being made with James Van Der Beek and Jason Biggs , `` the pie f**king dude '' playing them . Along the way Jay finds true love with Biggs ' AMERICAN PIE co-star Shannon Elizabeth . Put your brain on hold and you might enjoy this , I was in a more serious frame of mind when I watched the movie , but it 's still much better than MALLRATS . Watch out for the expected cameos from Ben Affleck and Matt Damon , as well as directors Wes Craven and Gus Van Sant .
 This famed key grip resident of philly . I saw him at Iversan . Iversan had no machine gun , only gunmachine . But how is this fat man so ? I axed Gad , and Gad sed this man is not . What the hak ! Look at him . He smoke pot , he btter smoke put becaus he is sooo fat . No ph , thanks I get it . Now thois movie is bad cinematorgrapy . There is lights , but highlight ? I never sawr it *** Where ? Soundtracj was gos buyt Stephon Marbury prodcued . This Jersey Girl , this Jersye Gitrl ! Ben Affleck , fdares to defy this Jersey Lopea . I abject to frenumb this largo locution .
 As a Film Buff , I love to see as many films as I can . Me and my friend decided we would try this one out and see if it was any good . Well , I was shocked at how ridiculous this movie was . Is Miramax for real ? Why would they ever produce such garbage like this . It has no meaning or plot what-so-ever , has bad jokes , and is just plan rude and ridiculous . Obviously , it was made because it 's a common fact that Teenagers will pay to see something like this , but that does n't make it right . It pains me to see a wonderful thing like film being abused just to make money .
 Smith made this instead of the proposed ` Clerks 2 ' . This film is not a fraction as funny as it thinks it is , Jason Lee has two parts but no funny lines and the cameos from the view askew old skool cast are far too short and all come together when they should have been spread across the film . A bad way to end the trilogy.Nuff said .
 I do n't even want to write a review , I was a big fan of kevin smith until now . I am begining to think he was just lucky with his other story lines . This movie sucked , even with all the celebrities in it ...
 I mean , you see a movie like this , you know what you are getting into . It is not so much a story as a series of endless gags . The big setup is the idea of this brainless slacker who swears as frequently as a carrier drinks water on a summer 's day . It is funny , and i got a few laughs in there , in between the snacks etc. . At the end , on stage , you just knew that Kevin Smith was acting out the fantasy of ` performing ' with one of his fave 80 's soul bands . Feel good movie about dissing `` the man '' , and `` feel '' starts with the letter `` f '' ... plenty of that here .
 hey , i love Kevin Smith as much as the next man or woman , but this movie just plain sucked . yeah , the scooby doo scene was a nice and appropriately stoner reference , but that was the highlight of the film -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- .
 There are some golden moments in this movie but you have to endure so much crap to get to them I ca n't recommend buying it . In Dogma , the good parts were great and the crap was fewer and further between . If you 're a fan , you have to buy it for the special features but I think it 's a rental because you ca n't watch the movie more than once without wanting to hit yourself in the face with a frying pan .
 I was so dissapointed by this film . I am a big Kevin Smith fan - Clerks , Chasing Amy , Dogma all are great films but THIS MOVIE SUCKS ! A half hearted effort at best , only retarded adolecents will find this movie engaging . Save your money for his other films - they merit your time .
 Kevin Smith is reknown for including enough extra features to gag over for his films , as was the 2 DVD release of this film several years ago . Hello Blu-ray , good-bye extras . Pathetic .
 This is by far the WORST movie I have ever seen , totally topping supertroopers . It does n't have a real plot , and is just an excuse to corrupt the youth of America with vulgar obscenities , total sexual displays and language , and promotion of drug use . How this movie ever made it to theatres I will never know . Absolutely a waste of time , lucky for me the store I bought it from refunded me since I was so disgusted with it . If you have any morals or sense of a good movie of any kind , stay away from this one !
 I recently saw `` Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back '' at the home of an older sibling and I must say that this film is downright disgraceful !! Basically , it 's a 10-minute film that is expanded nearly ten times the length by being padded out with an endless stream of profanity and useless innuendo.Although there are some noteworthy cameos from some well-known actors in this film , their appearances do not save this film quick enough . Unfortunatley , this film is a failure from the very first ` f-word ' - this occurs less than a minute after the film has begun.How `` Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back '' made it onto the big screen is beyond me . How it made it onto DVD is even more questionable . There is no acting and there really is n't much of a storyline either . However , there is one scene in the film that sums up the entire movie . It is where Jay and Silent Bob are reading bad reviews on a film they recently made . Basically , what they were reading is correct of THIS film . `` Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back '' is a complete waste of time and money . Thank goodness I saw this film before even considering to buy it . This film does not even deserve the ` one-star ' rating above . I give it ` half a star ' only because the cameos are the best thing about this film . As for the rest of it ? I 'd recommend setting up a video camera , recording yourself and a silent friend saying roughly 90-minutes of foul language with lewd behavior , and you 'll more than likely have made something as equal , if not better , than `` Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back '' .
 When I was eleven or twelve I thought being offensive and swearing as much as possible just for the sake of being offensive and swearing was funny . Other than the first scene where the words used are funny because of the situation the movie has no more than a brief chuckle or two . The very over-rated Kevin Smith must have aimed this at twelve-year-olds even with the R rating , so if you are out of your adolescence do n't waste your time . On the other hand , if you are over eighteen and have a twelve-year-old mentality , enjoy ! Kevin Smith made this for you .
 Do n't get me wrong , I think Kevin Smith has genius , but this movie does n't touch it . This movie is perhaps the worst movie I have ever seen . What was Smith out to do with this film ? He wanted to see how many pot-smoking idiots -LRB- with all due respect to those who smoke pot -RRB- would shell out hard cash to see a movie in which every bad aspect of every other bad comedy was included . Is there anything good about this movie ? Not much . Silent Bob -LRB- Smith -RRB- is the only character who is in the least bit interesting -LRB- besides the HOT female characters -RRB- . The cameos have potential , but miss the mark . The rude humor is n't the least bit humerous , and the protagonist -LRB- Jay -RRB- is too stupid to exist . If you 're looking for a humerous satire on Hollywood , this is n't it . If you want to see Kevin Smith 's genius , see Dogma , Chasing Amy , Mallrats , or Clerks . If you want to kill braincells stay home and smoke pot .
 Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back is one of those movies that would have been funny when I was in 5th grade . It is loaded with profanity and graphic sexual humor , but not a witty or funny line is to be heard . It 's just all gay jokes that I 've heard before , and mediocre potty humor that just does n't work . The main reason this is n't as funny or fresh as Clerks is that since that movie , profanity-laden scenes have become quite normal in movies . And I can only hear the f-word so many times before I just lose interest . Lastly , Kevin Smith does n't have a visual sense or any sort of visual style , so there is n't much to recommend if anything at all .
 And definitely not worth buying . This movie dishes out nastiness that makes Friday the 13th seem quaint and lovable by comparison . Jay and Silent Bob are rotten people , and you will feel rotten after watching this fitlth . You might laugh a time or two , but you wo n't feel good about doing it .
 The following review only talks about the features found on the DVD , not the movie proper . `` Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back '' is an intentionally slapdash movie that deserves an intentionally slapdash DVD treatment . I 'm just not sure that it needed an intentionally slapdash double-DVD treatment.Disc one features the movie , presented in all its crisp colourful glory . The commentary track that accompanies it , usually a solid staple of all Kevin Smith DVDs , is a real let down . Only Smith , producer Scott Mosier and Jay Mewes show up . And what they deliver could best be described as falling somewhere between a vapid Oscar speech and three drunk guys hanging on too long at the end of the party , well past the point when they were amusing . They basically play a game of `` See how many Askewniverse members you can point out that the audience has never heard of . '' At one point near the end , Smith realizes that they 're not doing much more than reading out the closing credits , and wisely says to the audience , `` You could do this yourselves . '' And he 's right . The only shining moment on the track is when Mewes excuses himself to go the washroom , and the second he 's out the door , Smith and Mosier good-naturedly rag on him . When Mewes returns , they reassure him that they said nothing but niceties while he was gone . That 's about the only highlight I can come up with.Also featured on disc one are a couple plugs promoting other entries in the Dimension Collector 's Series.Disc two is heavy on the extras , most of which are amusing . The rest point only serve to point out the fact that there was a lot of good -- and a lot of puerile -- footage left on the cutting room floor.The deleted scenes , titled `` The Secret Stash '' in homage to the comic books store that Smith repeatedly plugs on all his DVDs , function just like the deleted scenes on the `` Dogma '' DVD
 Does not work !! fake copy !! Comes with original case but the disc is cheap looking and no dvd player reads it . Do not buy !!
 I feel like Kevin Smith said to the world
 Jay and Silent Bob is an exercise in how to be unfunny , lewd , and offend everyone 's intelligence.Why anyone enjoys this movie is beyond me . Smith 's script is bad , his directing is terrible , and he does n't really act cos his character does n't talk . So what 's the point ? Jason Mewes , an obnoxious ugly actor , takes over and grates on your nerves for the entire movie .
 The latest installment in the story of young filmmaker whose low-budget comedy won him fame , which he squandered making witless garbage .
 I 'm a film snob , but I love , neh , adored `` Chasing Amy '' as an insightful look into relationships and second chances , something that Smith did very well , but `` Jay and Silent Bob Strke Back '' was a step down from even `` Mallrats . '' Filled with mindless jokes , Smith is at his all time low in this movie.This movie revolves around the contrived story of a Bluntman and Chronic movie being made by Mirimax , and the ever artistic Jay and Silent Bob try to stop those evil executives from making a movie . Kevin Smith is the master of '' -LSB- unclean -RSB- '' jokes and weaves them into a manic yarn of profanity that Red Foxx would be proud of , but in all seriousness Jay and Silent Bob can not carry a movie . Their supporting roles in `` Clerks '' , `` Mallrats '' , `` Chasing Amy , '' and `` Dogma '' fit them well because they do n't fit in . The whole point of Jay and Silent Bob is to clash with the main characters , but with them as the main characters , their is nobody to clash with and subsequent bad , humilianting jokes insue . Making cameos in this movie are super sexy Shannon Elizabeth , comedian George Carlin , Daily Show host John Stewart and SNL Alumni Will Farell ... oh yeah , you ca n't forget the most famous actor to come out of Smith 's movies : Ben Afleck . ...
 I highly suggest you rent this before buying it . If you 're waxing nostalgic , thinking that perhaps Kevin Smith has regained something from his Clerks/Mallrat days , you 'll be sorely disappointed.The thing I loved about Kevin Smith was that he had intelligent humor . He was funny . He was witty . And the cast complemented his vision . Even though he wrote what some people would refer to as `` trash '' , he wrote it well and made me laugh.I did not experience any moments during this movie that made me laugh out loud . There were times I chuckled to myself , but overall this whole movie was a disappointment . Kevin Smith is relying more on shock value , controversy accompanied by publicity to make people see his movies . this is one person who will never see another movie he makes . buh bye .
 As someone who enjoyed Clerks , Mallrats , and Chasing Amy -LRB- all by Kevin Smith -RRB- , I had high hopes for Jay and Silent Bob . Jay and Silent Bob , who played roles in each of these movies , were a highlight , which probably gave Smith the idea to feature them as stars of his next movie . Bad idea.Jay and Silent Bob were like the pickle with your pastrami sandwich . It 's a really enjoyable part of the meal . But what happens when you make an entire meal out of nothing but pickles ? There , in a cellophane wrapper , is what you have with J&SBSB. ; I laughed maybe three times during the entire movie , mostly at Will Ferrell -LRB- who plays a clueless Forest Service agent -RRB- . Jay and Silent Bob were absolutely unfunny . The romantic line -LRB- Jay falling for a beautiful jewel thief -RRB- is utterly unbelievable , and the diaglogue completely unfunny . I enjoy good cussing as much as the next guy , but you will enjoy this movie only if random cussing and guys telling people other guys are gay , by themselves , are riotously funny . In short , this movie primarily appeals to 12 or 13 year old males with less than average intelligence -LRB- or the equivalent -RRB- .
 I guess being older somewhat dulls the senses to what is hip or not , but I found the film bad . Vulgar is sometimes vulgar and this movie is . I was embarrassed to be in the room with teenage girls watching this , because it did n't deliver enough laughs or have a clever enough premise to cover the foul language.I think the voting on this is the `` emperor 's new clothes '' syndrome . It just is n't cool to be contrary to the new hip talent ... It is also a lame attempt at counter-culture quasi-intellectualism . Who the heck cares if these people are really intelligent or not ? The movie is n't entertaining and that 's what these artists are suppose to be doing , not qualifying me for mensa .
 I 've never imagined Kevin Smith could go so low ... All this foul-mouthed movie is bad beyond description . It 's not even funny !! I rank it alongside SCARY MOVIE 2 as some of the worst movies I 've ever seen ... At least you can say Smith is a honest guy when , in one of the scenes , a character says , looking at the camera
 I do n't mind an occasional foul-mouthed remark from characters in a film but this film takes profanity to new lows . What 's worse is that this film is only marginally funny as many of the jokes simply fail to deliver . Unless you enjoy `` comedy '' geared towards ... enraptured teenagers , please stay away from this atrocity .
 Kevin Smith rocked the 90 's indie film world with his low budget , low-brow , laugh-out-loud slacker film `` Clerks '' , thus introducing us to his `` View Askewniverse '' '' He follwed the film 's success with the critical as well as B.O. train wreck , `` Mallrats . '' His endearing tale of love and homosexuality won back the critics again , with his bittersweet `` Chasing Amy . '' Then Smith truley earned his wings as one of the top filmakers of the 90 's with his controversial `` Dogma , '' which finished the decade off with a bang.All four of these films in the `` New Jersey Trilogy '' featured the often silly , usually crude , dimwitted stoner duo , Jay and Silent Bob . Now since these two comodic clowns had been Smith 's trademark supporting characters in his previous films , Kevin -LRB- seemingly against his will -RRB- must have felt obligated by his fans to cast them in leading roles . Thus , the creation of his worst effort to date , Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back.The story , which I 'm sure you already know by now , features Jay -LRB- Jason Mewes -RRB- and Silent Bob -LRB- Smith -RRB- in a road trip buddy vehicle en route for Hollywood in the efforts to stop `` the Bluntman and Chronic '' film with their comic book character likeness from being made . The rest ins ' t even worth mentioning.The thing that is lacking from this film is the cutting edge , witty-but-crude diologue that Smith is so richly famous for . -LRB- Smith is an avarage director , at best and he 's gone on record in admitting so . -RRB- Instead of the contruction , and the ultimate deconstruction of a Dante Hicks or Holden McNeil , we get an endless barage of fart jokes , stoner gags , and homophobic dialogue that would make Archie Bunker cringe . Not even the usually funny -LRB- but not in this film -RRB- Will Ferrell or the rest of the endless supply of celeb . cameos can save this dump of a picture -LRB- What the hell is Jules Asner doing in a Kevin Smith film anyway ?!?! -RRB- `` Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back '' was supposed to be the last harrah for two characters that , long ago , recieved more on-screen time then they ever deserved . To me , it felt like Smith was just putting a couple of old dogs to sleep and shutting up his ever-demanding fanbase in the process .
 It seems that Kevin Smith has fairly run out of ideas and very few of the moments in `` Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back '' inspire so much as a chuckle.Low-brow juvenile humor can be some of the best when done with flair , but there is little flair here just a rehashing of characters , a littany of gay-innuendo jokes so much so it seems an obsession , a couple of worn-out and dated nods to Star Wars , and endless flat senseless dialogue . The Silent Bob skit has run its gamut and his silence is more annoying than funny . When he does speak its not set-up , it 's not ironic , it 's not much more than just explaining a routine comment leading the inane plot along it 's treacherous course through the doldrums of comedy hell.A litany of F-bombs does not equal funny expect when it 's presented in a funny context , said in a funny way , or set-up to get the laughs . In Jay and Silent Bob the characters drop expletive after tired expletive and expect you to laugh without any nod to humor involved . I just want to try to save you from this DVD before Jay and Silent Bob Strike you in a most unfunny way . Move on ... there 's little to laugh at here .
 Kevin Smith has had a pretty varied career in terms of quality product . His first feature Clerks , which is my own personal favourite of his and something that I think he 's never matched since , was brilliant because it was razor sharp , superbly written and actually quite insightful . It tapped into a gen-x underside to small town life , made up of people who are too intelligent to waste away their time in low-rent , boring jobs but find that 's what they choose to do rather than make the attempt to really better themselves . More than anything it demonstrated that you do n't NEED special effects and egotistical A-list stars to make a good movie , you just need raw talent and ingenuity . Mallrats is much more of a fan-boy picture . It 's funny , hilarious at times , but the humour felt somehow stretched , as though Kevin had simply been asked to do more of the same on a bigger budgeted , studio outing with better actors . It 's really just an escapist , feel good romantic comedy . Chasing Amy on the other hand , made for only about 250,000 dollars , was superb , a funny yet poignant and acutely observed film about contemporary sexuality and relationships . Dogma
 Kevin Smith is a talented writer and director . It is a pity that he besmirched himself with this scatological trash . Smith has included vignettes with Jay -LRB- Jason Mewes -RRB- and Silent Bob -LRB- Kevin Smith himself -RRB- in most of his films to add comic relief . These characters became his trademark and they developed a cult following . Smith was inundated with requests to expand the characters and feature them in a film . Unfortunately , he capitulated , and this fatuous film is the result.This film is targeted at boys 14 to 19 years old , most of whom were precluded from seeing it because of its R rating . As a result , the box office was disappointing . Most of the film is jejune , with occasional glimpses of Smith 's comedic genius peeking out from the imbecilic slapstick humor and the tsunami of profane language and crude sex jokes.Smith has given us insightful comedies such as `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Dogma '' that are both thoughtful and funny . In this film , he is a good sport and pokes fun at himself and the actors , particularly Ben Affleck who berates himself constantly . The movie parodies sprinkled throughout the film are innovative and humorous , taking pot shots and his films and other blockbusters such as `` Star Wars '' , `` Scream '' , `` ET '' , and `` Batman '' . However , whatever comedic value these skits had was negated by the completely pointless script and the vulgar and boorish behavior of Jason Mewes , who spewed profanity literally every other word.From an acting perspective this ensemble cast is nothing more than a Kevin Smith reunion party , with most of the actors having worked with him before . Cameos abound . As for the main characters , Kevin Smith is always excellent as Silent Bob . He is a master of facial expressions and physical comedy . Jason Mewes is not really an actor . He has little on his resume other than playing Jay for Kevin Smith . All that can really be said of him is that he has an incredible ability to behave like a foul-mouth teenager , despite the fact that he is approaching 30 . This film is a temptation that Kevin Smith should have resisted . It is puerile and disjointed with little redeeming value other than the movie parodies . I rated it a 3/10 . It will have appeal to certain pubescent boys , but to anyone else it is likely to be a vile and offensive experience .
 `` Mallrats '' is better than this . `` Mallrats '' had characters , at least . `` Jay And Slient Bob '' does n't have characters ; it 's a stream of profanity and hit-n-miss jokes with a bunch of cameos from previous Smith movie characters and acting alumni . You start wishing that the cameo players would stick around and that Jay and Silent Bob would disappear.I am glad to hear that Smith is closing the book on this world of characters . `` Die-hard fans '' -LRB- I guess I 'm not one of them -RRB- should love the two-disc set . It 's loaded with deleted scenes , a couple music videos , etc. . There 's a funny bit where Morris Day is teaching Smith to dance . I have n't gotten through all the extras yet , but a film of this quality does n't deserve this kind of treatment.As a matter of fact , `` Phantoms '' does .
 When I first purchased this , I really did enjoy it and thought it was funny , but as I 've grown in my spiritual pilgramage , it 's nothing but stupid humor and an outrage . I ca n't believe that the MPAA rated this movie PG-13 with all the foul language . I have since then destroyed BOTH CD 's and thrown them into the garbage , never to be played again .
 Absolutely the worst of the `` series . '' Clerks and Mallrats were brilliant in their inanity with great characters . `` Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back '' lacks any of the charm or wit of the previous films and is clearly a blatant attempt to cash in just one more time . Just horrible . There are no less than 3 times that the characters in the movie look at the camera a smirk/shrug , a true sign ...
 oh christ . what happened here ? before i review this movie i should start off by saying i am by far the biggest kevin smith / jason mewes fan there has ever been . i own all the movies , and have spent literaly hundreds of dollars on merchandise , so do n't dismiss my review.well what do we have here ... a bad movie , a bad script , and absoloutly wonderful actors . i do n't even know where to start on this one . script - this script could never be funny . jay does n't say a single sentance without using the F word AT LEAST 8 times . it 's just NOT FUNNY . clerks had the same deal , but it was so original and halarious that i ca n't even describe it.the script here is just kind of blahze . it 's an obvious story line with none of the quarks that came with the previous movies . it 's very mediocre . it 's on the same level as all the saturday night live movies like chris katan 's corkey ramano and rob shneider 's animal whatever and the other one where he 's a fishtank guy . sorry i do n't remember the names , but they -LSB- stunk -RSB- too.this movie is not inteligent , and definetly does not display that which is the incredible inteligence of kevin smith.i 'm sorry this made it to the screen , they could have done so much better.don ' t ever watch this movie . watch clerks , then dogma , then chasing amy , then mall rats . all of those are absolute classics that i will never regret watching again and again . this is just an attempt at funny that was rushed and was bad because they had money . clerks was funny as hell because it was so low budget and raw.this is what happens when something becomes main-stream . and for christ ' sake what 's with the song that jay sings ? it 's just a string of stupid childish obscenities . it 's not funny at all.i 'm not saying that they are n't completely briliant guys , i 'm saying this movie is just horrible . this is what hollywood does to good people . however , i do have faith that they will pull through for their next movie -LRB- although they 've said this is their last , that 's bull -RRB- . much love to jay and silent bob , do n't ever pull this mainstream high budget junk again .
 this movie bites , period . The others were brilliant , all of them . Not a bad one in the bunch , until this useless heap .
 ... I have n't paid to see a Kevin Smith film since Clerks . Luckily for me a friend of mine buys every DVD in the world and I can watch films at his house before I buy them.The one thing I found really funny about this movie was how Smith anticipated the negative reviews and showed his insecurities by continuously attacking the droves of people who would hate it.One annoying aspect of the film is that Kevin Smith seems obsessed with homosexual issues . It seemed every couple of minutes there was something about how this guy wants to have sex with this other guy but does n't want to admit it . There 's even a scene where Silent Bob prepares to perform Oral sex on his zany friend , Jay!The fact that people gave this movie 5 stars is truly a sign that we are living in a truly decrepit society .
 On the positive , I am glad I rented this title before even considering wasting money on buying this stupid movie !! Although , money used in renting it could have been put to better use . . oh well.What turned me off the most , besides the the plot -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- , was the constant , consistant uses of the ` F ' word , which was litterally used every other word.I am not sure why I even bothered , except that I did like `` Dogma '' . Jay and his sidekick , Silent Bob , discover that their likeness is being used in a Hollywood movie -LRB- which , in itself is stupid . One must assume Hollywood was either desperate to even want to make a film about those two , or , Hollywood simply makes anything and everything into a movie ... or both -RRB- , and venture out to Hollywood to make sure they get their share of the money -LRB- as if there 'd be any ... GET REAL ! -RRB- It had it 's moments ... very few , but there were memerable moments . Both Mark Hamill , and Carrie Fisher -LRB- most remembered for the Star Wars trilogy -RRB- had breif cameo apperances ; but , alas , not even the former Jedi Knight could have used the Force to save this movie.If this review even reaches just one soul , then it was worth writing . Please ! Spend your hard-earned money on something more worth-while !!
 Ok , ok . I know that part of the joke for this whole movie is about the mean people who go and spout horrible reviews of peoples movies all over the internet . That said , I am really going to have to here . It s one of the worst films i 've ever seen . I 've never written a review before . VERY DISSAPOINTING . I love kevin smith 's work . Mallrats , clerks , chasing amy . Not so much `` dogma '' , but it wasnt bad either . This , however , is NOT written in the same veign as the other movies he 's made . It amazes me that kevin smith wrote it . All his other movies have some kind of moment of truth , or a slew of philosophical stuff towards the end of the movie . This is just CRAP . Not for one second does this movie shine though . Look , my point is , that if you like all of kevin smiths other movies , chances are you WO N'T like this one . Silent bob and jay have always been some of my favorite characters , but an hour and a half of them just SUCKS ! I mean , seriously , this is really , really bad . NOt even a matter of opinion here . Just REALLY in bad taste , stupid , -LRB- and dont get me wrong , i loved `` bill and ted '' and other dumb movies -RRB- and to boot ... not funny ! It does have a few jokes here and there , but NOT nearly enough to save this piece of junk . * It has a plot that is , truly , not short of `` V.I.P. '' or other failure tv shows . * It was just one of those movies hwere you sit an eternity through it , and then say `` why the hell did i spend 8 bucks on this ?!! Agh ! '' It is probably the worst movie i 've seen all year . I see about 2 a week . I just cant remember the last time I was so dissappointed by a movie . Utter garbage . Oh , and incase you plan to dispose of this interview thinking it 's written by some stuck-up old man , I 'm 16 . What does that say ?
 I rented this the other night and was disappointed to say the least . I like Kevin Smith 's other movies , and I think anyone else familiar with his work will agree with me when I say JASBSB is lacking . Sure , it had it 's funny moments ... . However , the kind of humor and wit present in Kevin Smith 's other movies is totally lacking in JASBSB , and was for the most part substituted with high-school level toilet-humor that really got old after a while . To anyone new to Kevin Smith 's movies , do yourself a favor and go buy Clerks and Mallrats before watching this one .
 The intent at a Hollywood satire was admirable , but this film is n't nearly as funny or deep as it wants to be . Not to say it has no enjoyable moments , but this film tries to do too many things at the same time and ends up falling flat half the time.On the plus side
 First off , I normally would not have wasted my money on a HD title such as this one ; it was included in a eBay lot of Blu-ray discs which I purchased ... After 5 minutes of watching I had to press the eject button on my PS3 and check the disc again , because it looked like a normal DVD upscaled to HD ... Very poor image quality ...
 I saw this movie a while ago and just a few days ago I was with a bunch of friends and we were renting some movies and for some strange reason I remembered it being funny so I recommended it and when we sat down and watched it I was proved wrong . One of my friends even fell asleep half way through and now they all think I 'm an idiot and I 'm sure they aint takin advice from me no more :-RRB- you can judge for yourself but im gon na say what I shouldve said a long time ago ... just keep walkin ...
 I do n't really see anything comical about a pair of 20 + year old men acting like 12-year old boys and those who find such behavior humorous seriously need to see a psychologist if not a psychiatrist as they may be suffering from a protracted adolescence.The story follows two mentally challenged stoners -LRB- Kevin Smith and Jason Mewes -RRB- who are angered over their story being pirated and so go on a mission to stop the production . As they go on with their quest they encounter various obstacles they must overcome . Wow ! What a creative plot
 Yeah let 's take the 2 most annoying charecters in every Kevin Smith movie and give them their own movie . Jay and silent bob make Bill and Ted seem almost cool . The problem with the movie it takes too many shot 's at things that have been made fun of a ton of times already.Take the she 's all that joke I mean it is pretty easy to pick on a corny movie from 3 or so year 's ago . Also I think the film maker has one too many issues with gay people . Not that I was offended or am any kind of gay right 's activist its just that if your 20 or so minute 's through the movie and you 've heard about a dozen or so ... and gay jokes it makes you wonder what the film maker is hiding in his closet.Also too many jokes that try to pretend to be insider hollywood jokes that just are not that funny.The only thing that saves this movie from being all bad is a few choice laughs from Will Ferrel and Chris Rock .
 A friend of mine forced me to watch this movie and I hate to admit but I did n't laugh at all . Not even once . There were a lot of jokes about oral sex , marijuana , and homosexuals . Do n't know about you , but even when I was 13 I did n't find those funny . Even the cameos from washed-up actors/comedians could n't save this movie . The best part of the movie was when it was over . It 's stupid , immature , and offensive . Please please do n't waste your money on this low brow garbage !
 I found this movie markedly unentertaining . The storyline was bizarre at best . Most of the jokes were not funny and wereobviously given very little thought . Repeating the word `` f '' word really does not constitute humor . The only redeemingcharacter in the movie was Chris Rock who was funny as usual.The rest of the movie is peppered with cameos by overrated unproven Hollywood actors/actresses . I would not recommendthis as I feel it was a waste of money -- wait for video if at all !!
 This movie was presented as giving a gift to the VA fans . That it was . It was completely designed to be what they would want to see ... and that 's why it was so bad . Some artists evolve this way - first they write creative works with new ideas and then they go back and pander to the people who liked their earlier creative works . If it were n't for the fact that this was the final View Askew universe movie , Kevin Smith would have taken a huge step down that path with this one.Want an example ? The plot of the movie is that they are making a movie about Jay and Silent Bob - or characters based on them at least . Early on , someone asks , `` Who would want to see a movie about Jay and Silent Bob ? '' Ok , cute . They 're mocking us . But then they stop the action , have all of the actors turn and look directly at the camera . ... and then this joke is repeated twice more during the movie.It goes on like that . Self reference . A long pointless scene in which - gasp - they insinuate that Velma might be a lesbian and Shaggy might smoke pot . Actors appear and make fun of their other roles . 90 minutes of this ... it was n't completely wasted mind you . There were some funny jokes and stuff ... but it could have been actually good . Instead Smith took the easy way out whenever he could .
 If you did n't spend your time smoking dope during your formative years and you made it past your freshman year in highschool , you 'll find this movie vulgar and just plain dumb . I like crude and lewd as much as anyone , as long as it 's clever and witty . This movie has none of these qualities . I loved Smith 's `` Clerks '' and `` Dogma '' but this one is a real turd .
 Seeing as how other people have reviewed the film without having watched it I thought I 'd do the same.If the movie is like anything we 've seen from Kevin Smith in the past then we can expect a didactic film with crude , juvenile , and unimaginative humor . One problem with Kevin Smith is that he takes himself too seriously and his bubble-gum philosophical themes get in the way of the comedy . Another problem is his use of dialog most of which is glittering , spurious , and totally unwarranted . The only good thing about a Kevin Smith movie is that Silent Bob does n't talk -- now if we could only get the rest of the cast to shut up . And finally , we have Jason Mewes ' acting which is at best distracting.Why people are so infatuated with his movies is beyond me . I suspect it has something to do with the fact that Smith seems to know his audience well and has a knack for affirming their believes , insulting their foes , and just basically not challenging them . His movies are dirty limericks . They sound nice , they are easy to laugh to and enjoy , but int the end are of little or no poetic significance .
 WHY is this film getting so many stars off other people ??!! I thought some of this film was physically sickening , the acting atrocious and the plotline barely visible . Admittedly there were a few stifled chuckles at some parts but most of it felt like some kind of bizarre torture . Obviously male-orientated , the film did n't even manage to deliver the goods for it 's target audience , as the males I 've spoken to about it hated it aswell.The only bits I did enjoy was trying to guess who 'd be making a cameo appearance next , as I did think it was good so many other actors were employed in the script.Apart from this though , it was mind-numbingly poor and I 'm surprised I was generious enough to give it one star .
 No plot . Stupid jokes . Really really jouvinille . It tries to save itself with a whole lot of hollywood in jokes and cameos but it does n't work . Give me back my two hours . It was awfull .
 All the deleted scenes that are on the DVD version are not even on the Blu Ray version what a bunch of cheap asses . There where bonus features on Chasing Amy , Clerks etc , but not this one.Oh and Amazon , quit mixing the Blu Ray reviews with the DVD reviews .
 After a strong start , < i > Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back < / i > fizzles into a lame middle section before re-gaining a little strength at the end . Following the near-epic comedy of < i > Dogma < / i > and the important comedy of < i > Chasing Amy , < / i > you 'd think Kevin Smith would be just as successful with a screwball comedy.He 's not . Without a framework to hang the jokes on , he has to invent plot contrivances rather than letting the story unfold , and only about a third of the movie really succeeds.On the plus side , the DVD release is primo , with a wealth of additional material to complement the superb audio/video film presentation . All DVDs should be made with this much ambition and value for the buyer .
 Am i the only one out there tired of these two ? They were the worst part of Clerks , Dogma and Mallrats . SO repetitive . OK . One guy talks a lot , one does n't , haha . Now they have their own movie . Man , they stink .
 Prior to this movie , I was a huge Kevin Smith fan . I loved the pseudo-intellectual banter in `` Clerks , '' and discovered a new religion in `` Dogma '' -LRB- no , not Catholicism -RRB- . Then , this piece of trash came out , where Smith unabashedly mocks every loyal fan that 's ever quoted Dante , frequented the Quick Stop , or glued a Buddy Christ figurine to their dashboard . I was so disappointed , I posted an inflammatory note on his website -LRB- www.viewaskew.com -RRB- . I suggest you do the same .
 After reading a newspaper review and seeing commercials for this move I bought it thinking it would be something I might like . The review I read never warned me however of the constant use of obscene language this movie has . No kidding , the `` f '' word is used at least 20 times in the first 7 minutes of this movie and it never lets up . I can handle an occasional curse word here and there in a movie , but Jay & Silent Bob seems to be purposely trying to set some kind of record for most obscene words used in a movie , and I believe they have succeeded . Without the continuous vulgarity this may have been a funny movie , but I was too busy covering my ears to find out ! ...
 During the first 15 minutes of this film I was so utterly bored I thought of turning it off . If you can survive to the end of the film , there are some funny moments however . I thought they were trying too hard to mimic a John Water 's type film , where it sounds like they are deliberately reading their lines in monotone . George Carlin saved the movie and he was only in it a few minutes . If you have nothing else to do , then watch it , but do n't go out of your way to see this . Definitely aimed at teenaged stoners ...
 This is n't the worst recent comedy I 've seen in the past few years -- that would be DUDE , WHERE 'S MY CAR ? But this is certainly the worst recent comedy that has so many snobbish defenders.I 've really tried to give Kevin Smith 's films a chance -LRB- I 've seen four of his `` trilogy '' -RRB- , but they 've all been awful . Bad direction , amateur acting , smug-but-shallow dialogue . The one I have n't seen is MALLRATS and I 've heard from Smith fans it 's the worst , which is frightening to consider . All of this could be overlooked if there was anything funny . There 's a recent trend in `` comedies '' that if another film is referred to , then it 's funny . The SCARY MOVIE guys have beat that to a bloody mess . But to simply just reference other movies is n't funny -- it just makes me wish I was watching the other movie!As characters , Jay & Silent Bob have about as much range and depth as Pauly Shore . And will probably share a similar shelf-life ...
 I wanted to like this movie a whole lot more than I did . The humor just does not match up to Dogma or even Mallrats . Jason Mewes surprisingly had the talent to pull off leading star status . I definitely look forward to seeing him in future movies . My recommendation is to rent the movie .
 Watched it and quite frankly I did not understand what this movie was about . I gave this DVD away to a family member and they stated they did not understand also .
 Saw Dogma -LRB- which was funny -RRB- , this is n't . There is no plot , the whole exercise is just an excuse for swearing and various other obscence dialogue . The film should never have made it past first draft of the script . If this is what the youth of America are watching and actaully enjoying heaven help you all !!
 Do n't buy this Dimension Collector 's Series version . The box delivered was the right box , but had the wrong DVD inside . There were no special features on the disc , just the movie and a commentary track . What a disappointment .
 I loved the other four movies and was looking forward to this one a lot . Was there really that much swearing in the other four or am I just getting old ? Jay and Silent Bob were my favorite characters in the other movies , but give them the title roles and I thought they lost their appeal . I did n't think they were as funny for 2 hours straight as they were in small doses . I still love the other four movies , -LRB- Clerks , Mallrats , Chasing Amy , and Dogma -RRB- so check them out even if you did n't care much for this one .
 Well , I must admit that I enjoy -LRB- not love , not even like sometimes , but enjoy -RRB- Kevin Smith 's work . This one , we 'll , I 'm not sure ... Summary : Jay -LRB- Jason Mewes -RRB- and Silent Bob -LRB- Kevin Smith -RRB- find out that a movie with characters based on them is going to be made and that they are not going to get the proceeds . Well , they would be fine with that , except people online think that the characters are '' ... '' . Well , we ca n't have anyone thinking that of Jay and Silent Bob , so they decide they are going to go to Hollywood and stop the movie from being made.My Comments : The satirizing of Hollywood and movies is hilarious , and when the jokes focused on that , I was laughing hysterically . However , I do n't find drugs or sex or potty humor or farting to be that funny . I could do without the sexual innuendos and the incessant vernacular . Sure , perhaps the point of the movie is to make a comment about swearing , but , and this may sound arrogant , I am thoroughly unimpressed with people that have to include -LSB- profanity -RSB- in every sentence . Keep in mind this movie was bordering on an NC-17 rating . Also , if you watch the extra features on the DVD it does n't appear that Jason Mewes is really that much different from the character he plays ; how hard is it to be yourself?With a lot of cameos and a hilarious performance by Will Ferrell , the movie was n't a flat one star . Though there is no visual pornography , there is plenty of verbal and the movie really just is n't worth seeing.Overall , do n't waste your time or money on this one . Dogma , though not much better , is better and with a more interesting social commentary . Clerks is funnier . Jay and Silent Bob were always meant to be background characters , never the leads .
 `` Mallrats '' is better than this . `` Mallrats '' had characters , at least . `` Jay And Slient Bob '' does n't have characters ; it 's a stream of profanity and hit-n-miss jokes with a bunch of cameos from previous Smith movie characters and acting alumni . You start wishing that the cameo players would stick around and that Jay and Silent Bob would disappear.I am glad to hear that Smith is closing the book on this world of characters . `` Die-hard fans '' -LRB- I guess I 'm not one of them -RRB- should love the two-disc set . It 's loaded with deleted scenes , a couple music videos , etc. . There 's a funny bit where Morris Day is teaching Smith how to dance . I have n't gotten through all the extras yet , but a film of this quality does n't deserve this kind of treatment .
 Kevin Smith 's four previous films were awesome I enjoyed all them and I own all of them , however I was horribly dissaponted by this movie for several reasons . The movie consints of stupid one liners , lame visuals , several teeny bopping guest stars , and this movie went over the top with crude language that it just insults the viewers intelligence . Some good points of the film were the performances of will ferral and chris rock which were the only parts of the movie that I thought were actually funny . Unless you are between the ages of 12-14 or a hard core stoner avoid this flick and pick up one of kevin smith 's other movies .
 Watching this , I was reminded of all the crazy movies I loved as a kid - classic laughfests of the like of `` Strange Brew '' and `` Still Smokin ' . '' This is the same sort of gross humor , pothead sillyness except it at times goes a little over the top . Of course , maybe I think that because now I 'm 34 and not 12 . I do have to give Kevin Smith thumbs up for the use of his `` friends '' and the Ben and Matt scene in `` Good Will Hunting 2 '' is one for the ages . If you like fart jokes , sex jokes , overuse of the f-word and otherwise just pointless humor , then you 'll love this . Everyone else - consider yourself warned .
 I did n't see this in the theater , but I bought it the other day -LRB- so that explains it -RRB- . The story is pretty weak , but the jokes spread throughout are pretty good ... I guess . The Will Ferrell stuff is worth it , but the movie did n't need to be made . I think that when a director gets to this point , they should just implant some sh #t like in Total Recall , as if you had seen the movie . Money was wasted and cameos are stupid . PS
 Yeah , this movie sucks . It 's not that funny , the acting sucks , and Ben Affleck is in it , bla bla bla . That 's not important . What 's important is that Kevin Smith HAD a reputation with Clerks . Clerks is , and still is , a great movie with some brilliant characters and makes me still laugh after each viewing.But that 's the only thing he 's ever done.Seriously , every movie has been tied to that movie . Mallrats sucked because it was just Clerks in a mall , Chasing Amy sucked because it was a romantic version of Clerks , and Dogma had most of the cast and charecters from Clerks in it . And now , there 's a whole movie about two charcters who spent , I do n't know , 10 MINUTES IN CLERKS . The guy ca n't do anything else except that one movie . So , this is basically yet another rewrite of his first movie . Aside from the George Carlin bit , this is n't good . AT ALL . Avoid if you can .
 Charles Chaplin said that make a person laugh , was thew most difficult thing to do in the world , he was right . From the first minute to the last one this movie is n't funny , the acting it 's awful , people trying to make people laugh . No plot , bad dialogues and two pathetic guys . Who wrote this trash ? This is a ood example of how movies are right now . Do n't waste time with this thing and buy a better one .
 I did not sit through this movie . I fthe numer of times you hear the f-word is correlative to your enjoying the movie , then get your high-school drop-out firends and watch this tripe.Other points are George Carlin giving head to a truck driver for a ride
 This movie really belongs 0 stars ... it wasnt funny at all . Jay is a complete jackass .
 i enjoyed clerks , chasing amy and dogma . given how good these movies were , i must say that this movie was the worst movie i 've seen in years . i would suggest that you wait until these guys put out another movie , if anyone hires them to do one .
 This movie has got to be the worst movie of all time . It is nothing but downright offensive . When I watch this movie , I realize what is wrong with our world . It is full of nothing but the `` f '' world and back to back toilet humor . Anyone who finds this movie amusing should have his/her head examined !!!
 To say this film is self-indulgent is a masterpiece of understatement . Almost every joke in this movie that did n't center around profanity or flatulence was a nod to one of Smiths other movies . Maybe if you are a great filmmaker you can get away with that , but if you have only made 4 other films -LRB- very poor ones too by cinematic standards -RRB- then that just means you have the worlds biggest ego.The film looks as if it was written by a highschool kid , although the humor really dose n't reach even that level . Here is a recap of the types of humor in this film . Making fun of fans , fart jokes , scatological jokes , profanity -LRB- yes this is actually supposed to be funny in and of itself -RRB- , making fun of miramax , making fun of the viewers for actually being stupid enough to pay to see this film -LRB- I swear I am not making this up -RRB- , and any number of inside jokes involving the cast and crew.This movie comes across as crass , tasteless , profane and generally an abject debacle in all respects.Thank God I borrowed this movie and did n't pay anything to rent it . I wo n't be watching another Kevin Smith movie anytime soon .
 Jay and Silent Bob , just an attempt to recreate Cheech and Chong -LRB- a couple of Hippie stoners -RRB- for a new generation . This movie was totally offensive . All those things your parents told you not to do ? They do it . Profanity , irresponsibility , dealing drugs , sex and dysfunctional relationships ... What 's the big deal ? The big deal is that this movie represents a new `` low '' in American comedy . In fact , it is a ` poster child ' for a new low in American culture . I would just like to mention to anyone outside the United States that might be reading this
 I loved Clerks , that was the best film Kevin Smith did . It seems that every film after that was just a disappointment in comparasion to Clerks . Even with the very raunchy subject matter and the language , I still find Clerks a very funny movie . and the characters of Jay and Silent Bob are more background in it.I 'm sorry I have to compare this to Clerks , but it just does n't even hold any sort of candle to Smith 's first and best effort.Watching this movie , I could only think that Smith had decided to totally make fun of the two characters and make cartoons out of them . I 'm not really sure what Kevin Smith was trying to prove by creating this piece of very unfunny and annoyingly bad film.All the cameos in the world -LRB- from the stars of all his past efforts -RRB- could n't make this movie any better . I thought that the tremendous amount of swearing that Jason Mewes ' character , Jay , spews out was just more than I could take . He should be trying out for a part on the Sopranos ' next . The language was bad , the script was atrocious and unfunny . I was very disappointed with this movie , and totally do not recommend it . Watch Clerks instead . Jay and silent Bob struck out on this one .
 I do n't know ... Al of the Kevin SMith movies are sooo good . I do n't know what happened with this one . Sure it 's got it 's laughs . but I just think it 's way to commercial . Something is just lacking with this film . Like he tried to do too much . I will still buy the DVD because i love Kevin Smith movies but this one is the weakest in the series ... But It 's only one opinion ...
 I think that they tried too hard to be funny and ended up just being stupid.They could have done a lot better of a job .
 Even the most ardent fan of Kevin Smith 's films would have to be a little disappointed with his latest offering , Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back . While tying up -LRB- and in -RRB- with a few loose ends from his previous films , Smith 's latest seems to lack any other purpose . Granted , Jay and Silent Bob are probably the most base of all Smith 's characters , and being that they were the stars of this film we should expect the film 's humour to reflect that baseness . But the jokes lacked the humour and creativity we have previously seen spout from the mouths of Jay and Silent Bob . The script lacked the intelligence of Smith 's other films , and combined with a multitude of laboured cameos , flat dialogue , wasted action sequences -LRB- even the most jaded Star Wars fan could have put Mark Hamil to better use -RRB- and repetitive camera stares , the audience was treated to two hours of blandness . Not at all what we have come to expect from Kevin Smith.One has to wonder how a film that involves the likes of Kevin Smith as writer , along with actors such as Ben Afflek , Matt Damon , Chris Rock , Jason Lee and so on , could be so undeniably average . Perhaps it was with the intent of trying to bring closure to his previous films that Smith lost sight of providing a new and individual film for his audience.The characters of Jay and Silent Bob deserved a far better swan song than what Smith has provided here . Perhaps the DVD will offer some insight into why the final cut of the film was so listless . But special features aside , this film does not seem worthy of sitting alongside your copies of Clerks , Mallrats , Chasing Amy and Dogma .
 I love comedies , and I can handle a bit of vulgarity . This movie was nothing but vulgar . It was constantly , `` Suck this ... , -LSB- horrible launguage -RSB- this , repetitive swearing , and extremely vulgar sexual jokes . I saw it in the theater and of the 30 or so people there , I did n't hear much laughing from anyone . This included kids , teenagers , and adults . True , there are a few good humurous parts , but nothing is worth sitting through this movie .
 Two hours of self-referential humor , -LRB- `` Oohhh , lookie ! We looking at the audience again ! Whoo , we so funny ! '' -RRB- , and jokes stale enough to make the writers of `` Family Matters '' cringe . That about sums it up . If you 're a fan of Smith 's other movies , you 'll probably eat it up , because he recycles jokes from all his other movies . I did n't hate it , but it sure seemed like a big ol' waste of money . I was glad to see Jason Mewes actually ACTING for a change - and doing a half-decent job at it , too . Otherwise I was checking my watch all throughout .
 Woohoo , i ca n't stop laughing from this movie . If saying the F-word every 5 seconds for no f *** ing reason wasnt funny enough , all those ` jokes ' concerning homosexuality -LRB- youre doing it all wrong * shudder * -RRB- have got to make you laugh . The funniest part of the movie was when the only people other than my group of friends walked out of the theater before it was even half over . BEST MOVIE EVER ! Take notes from this movie , movie directors , because it was funny as hell ... . Kevin Smith seriously stunk in this movie ... i want to kick his @ $ $ , but he will probably come over and kill me like in the movie . Oh wait , did i accidently tell about one of the only funny parts in the movie ? well now you dont have an excuse to watch it .
 Here 's the bottom line up front
 Oh boy ! Another sports movie -LRB- sarcastic tone implied -RRB- . The Express -LRB- 2008 -RRB- is an important story wrapped in an atrociously obvious ball of sports movie clich&eacute;s , unrealistic portrayal of history , and characters more one sided than Fox News.We start out in what looks to be heaven , but is supposed to look like a Philadelphia suburb in the 1940 's . For some strange reason , the colors are brighter , grass is greener and cars , houses and people are shinier and more attractive , and from what I gather , everyone is rich and World War 2 never happened . Our lead , Ernie Davis , is a ` poor ' kid who gets discovered playing football in high school and ends up playing for Syracuse University and becoming the first African American to win the Heisman , and encountering the race issues in a 1950 's civil rights era America . Although the shiny , made-for-TV feel of the entire thing is unrealistic and inaccurate , it is a commonality in feel good conventional flicks like this , so this is not where I lay my grievances.I think what bothered me most with the movie was the almost constant state of ignorance our lead character , Ernie Davis , was in . For an African American who grew up in the Jim Crow 40 's and 50 's , he is pretty appalled at the racism he encounters . He walks by a store owner , says `` how do you do , fine day is n't it ? '' or something along those lines , and is utterly shocked that the white man put his head down and walks in without a response . Had he been in the south , he should have been utterly appalled that he was n't lynched . Even in the north , where this event took place , prancing around town with that smirk of innocence is not normal behavior for an African American of that time , and I 'm certain that the real Ernie Davis was would be well aware of that fact . Similarly , another example would be the `` white girl speech '' in which the head coach subtly fills Davis in on what should n't come as such a surprise . The fact of the matter is that multi-racial dating did not become socially acceptable until the late 70 's , or some could argue it still is n't . So for a black man in the 50 's to find this unacceptable is historically inaccurate . This is an issue throughout the film , and perhaps one that gets even more prevalent , when Davis and his African American friends are subject to segregation in Texas , and once again , surprised . However this was not the end of what I disliked about the film.The pan zoom shot of the trophy case and the athlete as the soft , slow trumpet overcomes the shot , the star player magically returning to the game despite a serious injury , the locker room fights , and the last minute scoring for the win . Sound familiar ? Although this is a given in sports movies , especially the classics , the clear lack of original writing is noteworthy.In addition , it seems that ever character in the film is far too simple . What I mean to say is , the director creates this polarization throughout the movie between good and evil . Everyone either has a heat of gold or the antichrist . There does n't seem to be a middle ground between the issues . The Deep South is depicted as a dark , terrifying place where everyone white person is racist , and every black person is an innocent victim . Although generalizations such as this may be both relevant a for the most part accurate , it is the only side of the story we see in the film . This presents what one could almost call a simplified dumbed down version of the civil rights movement.One thing I can say about `` The Express '' is that it looks quite nice , with two or three really beautifully done shots . Add that to a fine performance by Dennis Quaid as head coach , and the movie has some legs ; short , stubby legs . As far as portraying the actual events , I could n't find any mistakes , so it is only lacking in truth in the conventional sense , in capturing the essence ` feel ' of a time.The fact is that this movie is n't made to be realistic , nor is it made to thoroughly educate the general public about the civil rights movement . It is made to entertain , and that is something that this high-budget piece of consumerism can handle , for the most part . If you are looking for a classic tale of ` feel-good , ' good vs. evil movie that dumbs down and over polishes history , this is a movie for you ; if you want the substance , form , realism and intellectual controversy of the actual civil rights movement , you must not be familiar with how Hollywood works .
 The Express is an `` inspirational '' biopic tale of Ernie Davis 's life , depicting a warped reality of racial tension in the 1950 's . Ernie Davis -LRB- Ron Brown -RRB- , was born and raised in Pennsylvania before moving to New York , where he was recruited to play football for Syracuse University . The film follows Davis 's trials and tribulations as he struggles with fitting into the predominantly white football team , and inadvertently becoming a voice in the Civil Rights Movement . He learns to deal with his closed-minded coach , Ben Shwartzwalder -LRB- Dennis Quaid -RRB- , and eventually becomes the first African American to win the Heisman Trophy , an award given to the best college football player of the year.Ron Brown gives a winning performance portraying a calm and realistic Davis , albeit in a lacklustre tone . Dennis Quaid , however , provides the zest in the film , portraying Shwartzwalder as a coach transitioning from the old school of white supremacist thinking to the new school of racially equal thinking , much like the rest of America in this period of racial tensions . At times , though , the energy in Shwartzwalder 's character tends to overshadow the real hero of the film , Davis , who occasionally gets sidelined as the film chooses to focus on the internal struggles playing out within Shwartzwalder . As the story shifts its focus from Davis to Shwartzwalder , the `` inspirational '' meaning behind the film is lost on the viewer , as the real hero and his grapplings concerning racism are forgotten for the mindlessly trivial problems of the coach.The cinematography somewhat redeems the film , however , with breathtaking scenes of a crisp , vividly coloured autumn in New York , and the rustic architectural charm of the campus in Syracuse University . The football games sprinkled generously throughout the movie were also very exciting , and football fan or not , you will be drawn to the sheer power and energy that the games possess.The film includes a scene where Syracuse goes to play a visiting match against West Virginia . When they arrive at the stadium , the racist fans of West Virginia attack the team for having black players . The scene is very intense , as it explores racial bigotry , but is also entirely untrue , for Syracuse had never played a game against West Virginia that year . This is a major historical inaccuracy , and creative license has been taken past the limit as the writers of the film manage to fabricate an entire football game with an aggressive audience.There are also a variety of other creative liberties taken throughout the film in order to enhance the dramatic racial tension in the football games . In another football game shown when Syracuse goes to play the Cotton Bowl Championships against the University of Texas , in which after Syracuse wins the game , a Texas player spit on Davis and called him the n-word . Players from the University of Texas dispute that scene , claiming that they just shook hands and peacefully walked off the field.The Express is a movie that entirely distorts history , and also shifts the focus of the story from the real hero , Davis , to his coach , Schwartzwalder . Creative license is taken much too far , and detracts from what would have been an inspiring biopic . The acting and cinematography are brilliant , but unfortunately is not enough to warrant a viewing of the film . If you 're an avid football fan , you can go for the thrilling games , but otherwise it 's recommended to keep your distance .
 It is sadly ironic for a stale , 129 minute production to be called The Express . Like most Hollywood sports biopics , the extraordinary life of Ernie Davis has been reduced to a bunch of clich&eacute; plot points , and thus extremely predictable ; you could go into the movie knowing nothing about football and guess what 's going to happen two hours later . Yet , the problem is not that Ernie Davis led a boring or miserable life , it 's that the cinematic retelling of it makes it seem like it was . To put it bluntly , it 's a director 's failure.The film kicks off depicting Ernie Davis as a child in the 40 's , played by Justin Martin , who discovers his talent in running when he outruns a group of typical racist schoolyard bullies . From there , racism becomes the only recurring theme of the movie.Fast forwarding many years later , the next scene depicts Davis , now played by Rob Brown , in his teenage years as he rises to the status of football sensation at his local high school in Elmira , N.Y. Sought after by many colleges due to his status , Davis is eventually recruited by tough-but-reasonable coach Ben Schwartwelder -LRB- played by Dennis Quaid -RRB- into Syracuse College , who uses Davis 's childhood inspiration Jim Brown -LRB- Darrin Dewitt Henson -RRB- to bait him in . From then on , despite facing racism everywhere , Davis helps the Syracuse Orangemen win the cotton bowl and ultimately become the # 1 ranked team in the 1959 season.Directed by Gary Fleder and adapted by Charles Leavitt , the film is packed to the brim with sport drama clich&eacute;s . Too-tough-but-kind-inside coach , check . Fierce , racist , opposing teams who are violent , full of themselves and lack a sense of morality , check . In fact , the film goes so far to fulfill these clich&eacute;s that the directors have even fabricated material - Leavitt admits that the supposed 1958 game at Tar Heels Stadium in North Carolina , in which angry racist crowds chucked glass bottles and verbal abuse at the team , was inaccurate on all accounts.Moreover , the supposed racial tension verses the Longhorns in the 1960 cotton bowl match was also pure fabrication . Bobby Lackey , quarterback for the University of Texas in the game depicted recalls
 This could have been a lot better . As it was you really do n't get the true feeling of the man
 1 , 2 , hike goes the truth and here comes the sack ! That is what Gary Fleder should have received for this dismal attempt at a docudrama . Gary Fleder 's The Express , tells the story of an exceptionally talented young football player named Ernie Davis but fumbles the truth . He was born on December 14 , 1939 and sadly died of Leukaemia at the age of 23 , consequently denying him the chance to play Professional Football . Ernie Davis was the first African-American to win the coveted Heisman Trophy , for best college football player in 1961 . Throughout his life he was surrounded by racism , the Davis family were also involved in the civil rights movement . These encounters toughened him up and shaped him into the ideal role model and ridiculously talented player he was.Even though the film is supposed to be about Ernie Davis -LRB- played by Rob Brown -RRB- a lot of the time he is cast to the bench as Ben Schwartzwalder -LRB- played by Dennis Quaid -RRB- the head coach of the Syracuse Football team takes over and calls the shots . Beyond doubt , Ernie Davis was a phenomenal young man , especially given what he accomplished -LRB- winning the Heisman Trophy as the first African-American -RRB- during the civil right 's movement and in a relatively small amount of time.Despite being called The Express -LRB- Ernie 's nickname was the Elmira Express -RRB- there is nothing express about this movie . It drags . What 's more , the movie abuses its dramatic license and changes history . For example in the movie there is a scene where the Syracuse Orangemen play the crucial game of the season in hostile West Virginia in 1959 . The home fans throw bottles from the stands and jeer at the away team in particular Ernie Davis and his other African American teammates . This is one of the most confrontational scenes , but this was actually a home game not away at West Virginia . The least Gary Fleder could have done was made the movie a bit more truth-based by changing this , since he decides not to emphasize the story of Ernie Davis.At the end of the day The Express gets derailed and fails to make it to the station at all . Viewers should be conscientious that it does n't show how incredible a person Ernie Davis was . The Express should have focused more on Ernie by filming more of his life and how he accomplished so much . Instead of , benching him and letting Coach Ben Schwartzwalder seem like the chief reason Davis was so talented . By putting Ernie in the background this movie does not show his true character and confuses the audience since it is supposed to be about Ernie Davis . The movie becomes more of a clich&eacute; coach-centered movie instead of one that tells the remarkable story of a young man who accomplished so much in so little time . Director Gary Fleder could have added more substance to the movie by adding in more of Ernie 's truth-based life story instead of the customary melodrama and unnecessary filler scenes . The movie could have also tried to do something out of the ordinary ; instead they dramatize and shorten the achievements of Ernie Davis to put him in the background of the clouds of smoke coming out of the express train .
 Oh my god was this awful . I 'm pretty sure it was supposed to be a comedy but I did n't laugh once . It was that bad . The movie had no real direction or plot . It was rated R yet there was no nudity , gore , or violence so I 'm wondering how that happened . It 's just a third rate script from theScary MovieandSOUL PLANE * digital press kit * Method Man , Snoop Doggguys . Stan Helsing makes those aforementioned films look AMAZING.Okay , there 's this guy named Stan Helsing who works at Schlockbuster . He and his friends are going to go to a kickin ' Hallowe'en party , but he had to take some movies to the mother of the store 's owner . Okay , plot device . For some reason though a whigger version fo Freedy Krueger , an orthodox jewish Michael Meyers and Darthead -LRB- Pinhead -RRB- are stalking him . Why ? We never learn . On the way to the party Stan and his friends accidentally hit a dog , watch Chuckie give a little kid a hummer , are taped going to the bathroom by a Native American and a Hippie and then eventually get to the Mother 's house -LRB- even though she 's never brought up or seen -RRB- where it appears she lives on an old movie studio backlot that was turned into a town until ten years ago where it was burned to the ground by monsters and now it 's a gay porn studio . Also Leslie Neilsen in drag in the leader of the survivors of the old town.Nothing makes sense . That 's all I can say . it 's not funny , it 's not enjoyable . This is like something that Mad Magazine and National Lampoon both turned down . There are some Karaoke for some strange reason as the climax of the film , but these are neither funny nor good . `` YMCA '' as `` S-T-A-N ? '' Holy god was it awful.This is one of the worst comedies I 've ever seen . This thing makesMeet the Spartans -LRB- Unrated ` Pit of Death ' Edition -RRB- look likeAirplane ! -LRB- Do n't Call Me Shirley ! Edition -RRB- . Look I 've seen a lot of bad movies . I LIKE a lot of bad movies . I 've seen everyPolice Academy 1-4 Collection
 If I could go lower than one star , I would ... I had rock-bottom expectations for this movie , especially given it 's dubious pedigree , but I was STILL disappointed ... Bad acting , bad dialogue , the ubiquitous Leslie Nielson appearance that 's de rigeur for any lifeless spoof ... The idea is fun , but the execution is deadly dull.Avoid ! Save yourself ... it 's too late for me !
 I used to really love a good parody movie until they became a new trend to dump at least one out every 6 months . I was hoping that this one might actually be somewhat funny seeing as how it looks like it will parody many of the classic horror movies ... but unfortunately it falls flat by the time it 's over . The story -LRB- if you wan na call it a plot -RRB- is of a guy named Stan Helsing who is a decedent of Van Helsing who discovers he is the chosen one to get rid of monsters . And all the classic villains of the horror genre make an appearance in some form or another . Stan is on his way to a Halloween party with some friends , but has to make a detour to drop off some porno movies to his grandma or someone , and finds himself in a town being bullied by monsters.The first 5 to 10 mins of the film looked ok , there was a chuckle hear and there , but then it just went on and on with pointless scenes , and no humor , just stupid slapstick . This is not a parody movie , it 's just a stupid movie . Parody usually means `` funny '' . where as this one , it 's watchable and not as bad as some previous so called parody movies of the last few years , but this one is just another one that will leave most people disappointed in , especially the final 10 minutes of the film that did n't seem to be thought out at all and goes from dumb slapstick , to just a terrible B-Grade storyline with stale jokes and seen-it-a-million-times-already gags .
 I honestly ca n't say this is the `` worst '' movie I 've ever seen . Considering it falls into the Spoof Comedy category it 's pretty average for these types of films . The last 5 I 've seen were real stinkers.I could n't make it all the way through in the first sitting . That tells me a lot about a films re-watch value . It has none.Definitely in the top 10 % of the worst movies I 've ever seen .
 YIKES ! NOT the worst movie I 've ever watched , but it 's close ! THERE WERE A FEW CHUCKLES AND THE ACTORS TRIED HARD , but in general , STAN HELSING was flat , dull and very disjointed -- even for this genre . Oodles of low-ball , gutter humor . Do n't let the kids ANYWHERE near this one!The GOOD POINTS : Desi Lydic who plays the dimwitted `` Mia '' . Singly handedly she supplied nearly ALL the chuckles in this movie and gave her paper thin character life and depth . A natural who deserves BETTER films . If there 's anything in STAN HELSING that deserves a recommendation and a look , it 's Desi Lydic -- and I 'm talking ACTING here , not just eye-candy . If ANYBODY in Hollywood who 's making a comedy has a brain -LRB- and is reading this -RRB- they 'd give Desi Lydic a substantial role , because if she could extract yuks from THIS script , then she 's on a par with Anna Faris who seems to be able to wring feature-length laughs out of just about anything -- like , for example , The House Bunny!Leslie Nielsen , as usual , delivers the goods . Sadly underused.Kenan Thompson , Diora Baird and Steve Howey TRIED , but there was n't much to work with!The BAD POINTS : HORRIBLY UNFUNNY monster parodies.Too much GUTTER humor -- although NOT as much as I feared!DISJOINTED , JUMPY , wafer-thin plot -- even for this genre!Strangely out-of-focus opening credits -- I thought my eyes were going bad!A couple of genuinely DISGUSTING outtakes . Can you say NC-17 ? UGH.STAN HELSING could have been better . Sadly , it 's NOT . I 'd only recommend this if A -RRB- YOU MUST OWN EVERYTHING LESLIE NIELSEN has ever acted in ; B -RRB- you 're curious to see if I 'm right about Desi Lydic ; C -RRB- you like to ogle scantily clad women ; OR D -RRB- you REALLY like toilet scenes . ONE STAR for STAN HELSING , but I 'd give FOUR stars to Desi Lydic for her performance . HOPEFULLY she can land a role in something better , because , in my opinion , she got LOTS of comedy potential !
 Stan Helsing is like A Bad Modern Day SNL Skit -LRB- Yes SNL Has not been good In Years -RRB- . Put in Somebody Unfunny like Thompson From Unfunny SNL , And the other twits in the cast with the Exception of Leslie Nielsen and you have a Mediocre Movie at best from The Catholic Priest/Altar Boy Jokes to the bad costumes of the `` Monsters '' . I wish they would Stop Milking Scary Movie -LRB- the First 3 or 4 were Funny -RRB- .
 I tried . I really tried to watch this movie , but just could n't make it.It 's not that the movie is that bad -- I was n't expecting high art -- it 's that I kept getting hopelessly distracted by the clumsy presentation . There would be , for example , a scene with four characters having a conversation . The four characters lined up in a row , clearly staying strictly on their marks , unmoving , reciting their lines . Clumsy and unnatural . It was stage sit-com style missing 4th wall shooting rather than film style . Odd and very distracting . Just one example but things like this completely took me out of any storyline that might be taking place .
 Stan Helsing - A Parody , could have been a much funnier movie , if only the pace was faster and the humor would have been more outrageous , as in the Scary Movie 's . As it is , the movie starts out with the main character Stan Helsing working as a clerk at Schlockbuster , a video rental store , who is made to make a special delivery on Halloween night . He makes the delivery with 3 of his friends while they are on their way to a Halloween Party.The humor revolves around Stan being constantly mistaken for Van Helsing and always running into many of the great horror stars from movies like Child 's Play , Nightmare on Elm Street , Hellraiser , Halloween , The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and even Jaws.Parodies are ridiculous imitations of serious movies , so having outrageous humor makes them really funny , and this is what is lacking in Stan Helsing . The movie moves slow and the laughs are cute , but not laugh out loud funny . There are parts where the movie could have been absolutely hilarious , like with the Altar Boy , who is ALMOST a priest , but it seems the humor is kept low , as in the movement of the film.The movie has some extra 's
 What a wasted opportunity . To have a video clerk go to a town where all the classic horror movie villians reside is a brilliant idea for a spoof . Yes , we have had SCARY MOVIE , EPIC MOVIE and too many others to mention . But almost all opportunity to get even limited laughs is wasted here . In the first 5 minutes almost every gross over the top antic was utilized and I was pretty repulsed . But I told myself I was gon na watch this movie all the way through . The four main characters that take us on our journey luckily were likable and had good chemistry for the rest of the film was grade F and only they made it barely watchable . I recommend this film as one of those rentals to watch with friends when you want a really bad film to mock . Go beyond the first 10 minutes and it will be slightly tolerable.This movie is a perfect example of how a films description can often in no way match up to its quality . I love Nightmare on Elm Street , Friday the 13 , Hellraiser and Chucky and thought even if this was bad how could they mess up . But they did . I pity those who paid money to see this in the theaters . Luckily I got it for free to view and review . Had I purchased it I would be angry too . But after just finishing it I do n't feel like I totally wasted 90 minutes but I am trying to be kind . Most will feel that way . One last time - what a waste of a great ideas !!!
 I guess there will never be an end to the `` spoof '' genre that began so long ago . The early pioneers of the genre were Mel Brooks with `` Blazing Saddles '' and `` Young Frankenstein '' and the trio of David & Jerry Zucker with Jim Abrahams - `` Aiplane ! '' and `` Top Secret ! '' and `` Police Squad '' . These were classic movie -LRB- and in the case of the very last example , TV -RRB- parodies that have stood the test of time because they are clever and do n't rely on merely sending up the latest movies . `` Stan Helsing '' is a piece of junk that tried to follow in the footsteps of a very decent horror movie spoof , `` Scary Movie '' . Of course , `` Scary Movie '' degenerated into a horrible franchise with three sequels that were further and further diminished in quality . `` Stan Helsing '' throws Leslie Nielsen into the mix , as all these desperate junk parodies seem to do . Poor old Leslis is cashing a paycheck with this one , in drag no less . Somehow the talented Kenan Thompson of SNL fame got suckered into a starring role , though he is n't even top billed.The first half hour of the movie takes place largely in a car . The whole thing is cheap and badly written and poorly directed . There are a few chuckles here and there and the two lead chicks are pretty hot . If you must see every single movie of this kind , you might get a laugh or two out of it . Everyone else
 I 'm a big fan of satire . That said I 've thus far avoided the Friedberg/Seltzer films -LRB- Disaster Movie , Date Movie , etc. -RRB- . This is n't made by those infamous producers , but apparently it shares the same DNA - and what a foul specimen it is . I 'm pretty sure this is the first `` 1 '' that I 've even been inspired to give , and I wish I could rate it lower . I ca n't say that among the stupid takeoffs of monster/killer names , bad Michael Jackson jokes , and horrific dialog that I as much as grinned once . This movie is truly an abomination . I almost cried seeing Leslie Nielsen here in drag . This is an even darker moment for him than the late 80 's craptastic satire disaster , Repossessed . This movie does n't even make it anywhere near the ` so bad it 's amusing ' category . This is more like ` it 's so bad that I want to gouge my eyes out . ' For the love of all that is sacred , STAY AWAY FROM THIS MOVIE .
 I did n't expect much from this film knowing that it is part of the `` Scary Movie '' franchise . The films in the series really have n't been all that funny since the first was released years ago . Stan Helsing is racked full of bathroom humor and overt sexual jokes that fall flat . The film centers around Stan Helsing , who is the lazy great-grandson of the famous Van Helsing who works in a video store . Stan and his friends set out to attend a party on Halloween night , but Stan has promised to deliver DVDs to a customer . They end up on an old film lot that was home to a small town that burned down many years prior . The town is being harassed by the top horror movie monsters
 Very very silly movie . Received this as part of the Amazon Vine program , so glad I did n't waste any money on this . At first , I thought I did n't like it as I am in my 50 's and maybe it was meant for ` younger ' humor tastes . However , I tried to share this with my 24 year old son who told me he had seen it in the movies and would never be able to sit through it again -LRB- lol -RRB- . Anyway , Stan Helsing seems to combine all the bad qualities of the Not Another Teen Movie genre films into a not funny spoof on horror movies . Save your money , and do n't purchase this movie . Wait for it to come on network television . Just terrible .
 When I decided to pick this movie out , I knew that it was n't going to be anything amazingly great . It was obviously not going to be anything along the lines of the ` Naked Gun ' or even ` Not Another Teen Movie ' . At the most , I was expecting that it could be as decently watchable as the recent ` Superhero Movie ' was . Unfortunately this movie ended up being more along the lines of ` Meet the Spartans ' . The plotline ... well ... what little plotline it had was about a video store clerk named Stan Helsing who is destined to defeat six of the biggest movie monsters of all time , which just so happens to occur as he 's detoured into delivering movies to the middle of nowhere . Along for the ride are three movie cliches . Forgive me , but the characters were n't memorable enough to remember their names . There 's Skanky Girl -LRB- who changes costumes several time throughout the movie -RRB- , Love Interest -LRB- whose main purpose is to jiggle on cue -RRB- & Comic Relief Sidekick -LRB- complete with stupid costume -RRB- . Where do I begin ? At one point I debated getting out a few beers & seeing if being a little inebriated would help me enjoy this movie more . There were only a few things wrong with this plan - I was out of beer & the amount necessary to make this movie passable would probably cause me to slip into a coma . So I muddled through as best as I could.The `` jokes '' in this movie are weak at best . Like so many of the horrific `` parody '' flicks out there , the movie creators/writers figured that dick & fart jokes made for spectacular humor & that merely showing a slightly altered character or someone dressed up like a famous person is automatically a parody . While I do have to give them credit for trying slightly harder than the ` Meet the Spartans ' & ' _____ Movie ' writers , they still failed miserably at humor . There 's a bit more storyline in here than in the other movies , but having a bit more plot still wo n't save the movie if the jokes fall flat on their faces!Seriously , this movie was terrible & I 'm pretty easy to please when it comes to stupid movies . Heck , I even liked ` Date Movie ' enough to watch it a second time & that movie 's pretty freaking stupid . There 's just no redeeming value to this movie & if anyone really wanted to watch a parody of scary movies , rent the first two movies in the ` Scary Movie ' franchise . They already covered this ground & did a better job of it.If you really feel the need to watch this flick , rent it . Only after this point would I recommend purchasing it if you really wanted to own this movie .
 The only thing more disheartening , more painful , more hopelessly frustrating than watching STAN HELSING is watching and listening to the special features included on the DVD , in which cast , crew and writer/director Bo Zenga continually delude themselves into thinking they 've made a good movie . The commentary track -- in which Zenga , Desi Lydic , Diora Baird and Kenan Thompson practically hump each other with unearned praise and point out a myriad of `` favourite '' scenes ad nauseum -LRB- really , folks , how many favourite scenes can a person have ? -RRB- -- made me angrier than any other commentary I 've ever listened to , including the one for RESIDENT EVIL where Michelle Rodriguez and Milla Jovovich act like cracked-up morons . But seriously , you 'd have to be contractually obligated to participate in a commentary track for a piece of agonizingly unfunny junk like this in the first place -- and further contractually obligated to pretend you think it 's within a million miles of the ballpark of funny . The track offers virtually NO production background either , just 90 minutes of four people with little of worth to say about this movie because they damned well know it was nothing but a cash grab.Nearly every parody movie of the last decade can be accused of laziness when it comes to picking pop culture targets , but Zenga -- an executive producer of SCARY MOVIE but none of its sequels -- reaches new lows because he barely even TRIES . - His title character works at a video store called Schlockbuster . Seriously , Bo , that 's the best you could come up with ? - The villains Stan is fated to battle -- once they bother to return to the film after being absent for most of it -- are knockoffs of famous franchise horror villains , here renamed Lucky , Mason , Michael Criers , Pleatherface , Fweddy and Needlehead . Again , how friggin ' EASY was it to change a couple of letters in each of their names to come up with these new ones ? - The town in which Stan and his pals -LRB- big fat best friend Kenan Thompson in `` hilarious '' Superman tights , and their girlfriends Desi Lydic and Diora Baird in skimpy indian and schoolgirl outfits -RRB- find themselves trapped after detouring on their way to a Halloween party is called Stormy Night Estates . I wanted to stab my eyes with screwdrivers at this point , but since Amazon gave me this movie for free , I had to oblige by writing this review . I may still stab my eyes later . - The `` song contest '' near the end of the film is the absolute nadir of comedy , with some of the most unimaginative parody lyrics ever written . Again , Zenga and Co. put forth only the barest amount of effort to make sure they had something -- ANYTHING -- to pad their film out and get it released on video.Zenga 's IMDB profile suggests he had n't worked since 2006 before making this film , which makes the project seem all the more opportunistic and sad . In being left to his own devices to pay the rent , he came up desperately wanting . It 's all too evident that Zenga felt that wit , comic timing and filmmaking talent above that of a TV-movie hack were unneccessary as long as he had a derivative , foil-embossed parody movie-style slipcover to lure in the suckers . Thank GOD Amazon made this available for free through the Vine program , where dozens of 1-star reviews have hopefully kept potential renters away in droves.I 'm utterly ashamed that this `` film '' was made in Canada . We already crank out enough direct-to-video garbage up here , but this truly hits rock bottom.And Leslie Nielsen . Shame on you . You should have stopped after the Zucker-Abraham movies of the 80 's . In fact , parody movies should have stopped after the Zucker-Abraham movies of the 80 's . That 's the last time any parody movie was actually funny.Oh yes , and one other thing
 Before anyone complains that I am reviewing this before it 's release , I received an advance copy from the Amazon Vine program , and to be honest , wished I had n't . This is yet another spoof on a half dozen or more movies laden with cheap T&A ; , bad jokes , stupid situations and and is generally just not funny . It 's also such a shame to see Leslie Nielson in a cameo -LRB- obviously needs a paycheck -RRB- wasted with stupid lines , and bad makeup.Halloween , Hellraiser , Texas chainsaw to name but a few all get the `` scary movie '' treatment , but this howler definitely has more bark than bite.Our hero `` Stan '' Helsing spends the movie looking like Axel Rose and sets out to save all the hotties , and get rid of all the baddies . There 's enough cheap one liners here to make a failing comic blush , and trying to prop up a bad idea with loads of scantily clad beauties is just sad.I think I 'm getting old , but I would be surprised if even the American Pie loving 16-25 demographic will find this amusing .
 Wow , how do they do it ? I know that I 've absolutely hated every single '' ____ '' Movie ever made -LRB- other than the 1st `` Scary Movie '' , that one was okay -RRB- , & yet I keep renting these expecting them to maybe be better . I think to myself , `` okay , as awful as the others have been , in order for someone to 've dumped more money into one of these this has got to be better '' . And yet time & time again I find myself questioning why I 've wasted 90 + minutes of my life time on these amature film maker 's -LRB- I do n't want to call these films -RRB- garbage.Which brings me to `` Stan Helsing '' , made by one of , or some of the hacks who brought us one of the '' _____ '' Movies -LRB- who cares which one as they 're all equally pathetic . You 'd think I 'd have learned my lesson by now , but nooooooo , I saw paradies of iconic horror characters & a distributor that generally takes pretty good care of it 's iconic horror & thought `` Yes !!! This must be the one that finally will redeem them for all the harm they 've done in the past '' . Nope . Fooled again , I would rather sit through a full 24 hours of back to back Uwe Boll films than ever watch this putrid excuse of comedy -LRB- or parady for that matter -RRB- . It 's like these people making these movies do n't understand what makes a parody funny . They do n't get that just because you have something or someone in a movie that resembles someone or thing else does not automatically make it funny . The only thing that even remotely resembles any of the characters on the cover are the costumes . Nothing else , they expect that because they have these look alikes in their movie that automatically people will laugh . Not so , in fact the people that rented -LRB- or god forbid bought -RRB- the movie are more than likely fans of the characters & they 've more than likely really insulted every single one of those people.Bottom line , I AM DONE !!! Never again will I rent , buy , go see ... whatever , these movies & anyone involved in these various movies , they 're all dead to me . I 'll pretend they never existed & that 'll be the end of them -LRB- I hope -RRB- . I think the only reason they still get funding to make these movies is exactly because of people like me who keep expecting that one day they 'll finally have a winner . Advise to any and all movie exec 's & producers out there , please oh please stop giving these guys money . Let them crawl back into the holes they came from & let the rest of us get on with our lives . BURN THIS MOVIE !!!!
 Despite Leslie Nielsen 's brilliant performance -LRB- as always -RRB- , this movie was a complete disaster from start to finish . It could have been a gem , too , when you take the off-beat writing style from movies like Airplane and Naked Gun and give it a Halloween twist , but it just did n't happen here.Pretty much everything that happened was easily predictable , and those that were n't were so outlandishly childish and stupid that they were n't even worth watching.A few minutes into the movie I was ready to turn it off , but I kept going in hopes of finding something worthwhile . With the exception of Nielsen , that never happened . And the ending was absolutely intolerable.What 's disappointing is that I usually like this genre of movies . I enjoyed Scary Movie and Not Another Teen Movie , and the aformentioned Naked Gun series and Airplane I/II . This movie ? No.Others have said that the only value in this movie were the attactive actresses and gratuitous shots of cleavage and legs , and while there 's some truth to that , it 's certainly not worth 108 minutes of your time .
 The only things going for this self-proclaimed horror film parody are decent production values and attractive actresses . The movie itself , which is not really a parody of anything but just a limp comedy , is dumb and often dull . The attempts at humor are usually mean-spirited , too , and usually made at the expense of the female characters -LRB- who the producers apparently want us to look at but not respect -RRB- . Look , to carry over the vulgar parlance of the movie , I 'm usually an easy lay with this sort of dumb comedy
 Oh goodness this movie was bad . I would love to say that it had `` potential '' , but I 'm really not even sure about that . The only positive I can say is that some of the costumes were pretty creative -LRB- pin-head and `` clutch face '' -RRB- . Let 's start with the plot , what there was of it
 STAN HELSING was n't a complete disappointment . It kept my interest for the most part but the humor was lacking and frequently garned no reaction at all . If you 're renting or buying STAN HELSING , you know what you 're getting . We get a half dozen of these films a year . Cheap budgets . Same old movie spoofs . The lowest grade of humor possible.Yet , HELSING may just be a victim of the movie business itself and how lame it has been lately . Because what are they spoofing ? Chucky from Child 's play -LRB- last movie 1998 -RRB- , Pin-head from Hellraiser -LRB- when was there a good one of these ? -RRB- , Nightmare on Elm Streets Freddy Krueger -LRB- last movie 2003 -RRB- , and of course the 3-dozen movies about people who drive out in the middle of nowhere and get hunted by crazed loonies that do n't like outsiders.I 'll give it better props than coasters like Date Movie , Epic Movie , Disaster Movie & Meet the Spartans , but just for the sheer fact that it has somewhat of a story arc to it , and it had Leslie Nielsen who was actually funny .
 All I can say is wow , and not in a good way ! I was n't expecting much from this and boy did it deliver NOTHING ! OK so the chicks were hot but that only goes so far . The jokes were childish and as parodies go I think Leslie Neilson played a woman hoping no one would recognize him ! I think Keenan Thompson is funny and the addition of a `` good burger '' for him was clever but even he was n't funny . All the `` funny '' stuff was shown in the trailer and when I actually saw them in the film they were n't funny anymore . I think I chuckled once and it was so fleeting that right now I could n't tell you what it was ! Even the out takes during the credits were dumb . I am glad , however that I only rented it on my TiVo and did n't pay the money to purchase the film . Unless you can see it for free , I 'd pass if I had to do it again .
 Without a doubt a very unfunny film , but the entire BD product does have a few things to offer.The sound and picture clarity are actually outstanding -LRB- or on par for a Blu -RRB- . In this case , they give you the option of 5.1 or Uncompressed PCM , and the latter was much better . All the flesh tones and contrasts looked solid also . The supplements include : * 11 minute making of . If anything , just to see Nielsen do his schtick behind the scenes was great . It was obvious they were doing this to have fun , and once you know that , all of the criticisms about how `` ashamed '' actors should be for partaking in this film - become misplaced . Nielsen 's little gas-noise device he hides in his hand still shows -LRB- all these years later -RRB- how simple it can be to make people laugh . * 8 minutes of deleted scenes . Wow - more rated R than the entire film . Was actually fun to watch . * 5 minutes of outtakes . Unfunny . * Picture gallery . Low def pics that were boring . * Storyboard gallery . Even more boring . * Cast/Crew commentary . Enjoyed the making of more.One for the Blu quality and one for the extras . Otherwise a skipper .
 In the tradition of comedy spoofs and parodies , Stan Helsing takes on every major scary icon of recent vintage , including `` Freddy , '' `` Jason , '' `` Leatherface , '' `` Pinhead , '' and `` Chucky '' . If you are an aficionado of the horror genre , you might enjoy some of the subtle and blatant humor , but most of the humor is aimed at debasing women , bathroom jokes and the like.Stan Helsing , a video store employee , has to make a delivery before going with his buddies to a Halloween party . As danger lurks around every corner , he learns that in fact he is a descendant of Van Helsing , a famed monster killer and given special weapons to defeat `` the monsters '' . The movie is laden with insider gags and jokes e.g. at the video store , as people return `` The Ring '' , they fall down dead -LRB- the gist of that movie is if you watch that video you will die -RRB- . If you are not familiar with the movies parodied , you will wonder why you are watching such sophomoric nonsense . Skip the audio commentary
 Having seen and enjoyed the wit and laugh-out-loud lampoon humor of SUPERHERO MOVIESuperhero MovieI thought to try this flick populated by famous movie-monster villains . Big mistake . Huge mistake . Agonizing one too ; I forced myself to stick with this DOA dog until its end . I did n't believe that any movie could have not even one redeeming quality . I do now.Imagine finding yourself listening to a shaggy-dog story of the leering , dumb and dumber sort , complete with really crude , drumming-ly trite writing , running for an interminable 90 minutes with not one even-forced chuckle , only flinches , winces and grimaces . And then , no punch/pay-off line whatsoever.Add to that a record-setting budget -LRB- must be the low end -RRB- with tedious acting , editing and ... Well , everything required to sink any movie ... Then you 've got this monotonous mess ofa rip-off movie.One note for Leslie Neilsen fans . The product description here leads off with this fine comic actor 's name.Mr . Neilsen has a mini-cameo moment at the end . Sadly , not enough for that ` one redeeming quality ` mention , above .
 There were actually a few funny moments in this movie , but overall it was kind of painful to watch . I was so bored half way through , that I kept hoping it would end . Not really worth the time or money , if you ask me .
 Nothing is worse than an unfunny comedy . It literally saps your strength . `` Stan Helsing '' is as bad as it gets . The `` jokes '' are bad , REALLY BAD . Drunken frat boy humor is rarely funny but this movie reaches a new low in lowbrow humor.Amazon has the courage to charge money for this cinematic mugging . They should pay you ! 1 star for the fine hoochies in the film , 0 for everything else .
 I knew this was going to be a bad movie when , about ten minutes in , there was a very extended scene in a van that just dragged and dragged . I could identify the one liners that were supposed to be funny , but they were n't . From Bo Zenga , a guy who can claim to have had something to do with Scary Movie , Van Helsing is a horror spoof that brings characters in from every horror movie imaginable . The low budget has something to do with the poor quality . But the movie is full of bad pacing and poor jokes . Leslie Nielsen makes a mockery of himself playing a character in drag . What was he thinking?About the only positive is the characters . They play it straight , which is a must for these types of movies . Unfortunately , nothing else works .
 Simply put
 First , let me say that I LOVE stupid , juvenile , slapstick humor . Just for reference , I 've thoroughly enjoyed such movies as the ` Scary Movie ' franchise , ` Vampires Suck ' , ` Meet the Spartans ' , etc - some pretty dumb , but funny humor there . There are n't too many comedies , especially spoofs that I have n't at least CHUCKLED at . Stan Helsing did not even make me smile . It was so bad it actually made me angry for having wasted my time watching it . Absolutely NOTHING in this movie is funny . Not even remotely . The ONLY and I mean ONLY remotely ` interesting ' element of this movie were the hot actresses . I honestly do n't understand how anyone could rate this movie more than one star . I 'd give it zero stars if it were possible . Please do yourself a favor and avoid this movie - even if you can watch it for free . It 's not worth your time , let alone your money .
 Terrible movie in terrible condition . This DVD was the worst condition I have ever seen one in , and did not play right . Kept stopping . Would return it , but the person I gave it to tossed it .
 My advice is to rent it before you buy it . There are some funny moments , but the plot just does n't keep it moving.I thought a spoof of several famous horror movies sounded like fun.The characters were good , and the acting very good for typical horror movie genre , but I wish it had more of a story to follow . Oh well , many horror films do n't stick to the story very closely , so I guess it was appropriate to get a little distracted now and then.Leslie Nielsen in drag as Kay the waitress was funny , but probably especially because I like Nielsen . -LRB- Was he also spoofing TV soap opera 's Kay Chancellor of the Young and the Restless?It 's not going to be one of the great movies you 'll remember forever , but for a Halloween party it might just be a hoot .
 I hope I 've led a good life , I 've tried to be kind to people , I give to charity , help my fellow man when they are down , and in general have a `` live and let live policy '' . So why , just why was `` Stan Helsing '' thrown into my life ? What crimes could one man commit that `` Stan Helsing '' would be visited upon him?If the `` Scary Movie '' series of films was n't enough for you , `` Stan Helsing '' is like a compilation of the unfunniest scenes from those films.I 'm actually angry at the space this dvd took up in my trash bag when I threw it out . That space could have been used for something that was useful at one time , like a spent tube of toothpaste or something . `` Stan Helsing '' does n't even make good garbage . Do n't even use this DVD as a coster , your drink will resent you.I hated this movie , and am a worse person for watching it .
 There 's `` Scary Movie '' and then there 's this . Gawdawful parody of about every horror movie you 've ever seen , with the accent on `` Van Helsing '' , which was pretty terrible to begin with . The humor level is about that of a five year old laughing maniacally and inexplicably after having said `` poop '' ; I want the time back .
 One word best describes this movie LAME.This is a sad attempt of a comedy trying to poke fun at horror movies.First , whoever wrote the script for this movie was probably a virgin . So he had nothing else better to do with his lonely Saturday nights then to come up with a crappy comedy trying to spoof horror movies . The writer was most likely an ex MTV comedy writer , who spent countless hours on the computer writing this horrid movie script , and between chapters looked at porn while eating doritos . He probably had anger issues over the fact of not being able to get it up . With his erectile dysfunction issues , he channeled that useless energy to come up with a pathetic attempt at a comedy . He needed whatever amount of money the sad hack of the movie producer gave to him to pay for his alcohol abuse program.You have a group of actors that no one has ever heard of before , that could n't even get a job at McDonalds . So the next best thing besides living on the streets was to be an unfortunate actor in this epic fail of a comedy movie.The less of a man actor who played the embarrassing role of Stan Helsing . looks like a retarded ex football player . But we all know that football players are just retarded anyway . Now Stan Helsings butt pirate buddy was probably a cashier that the movie crew found at a Walgreens store . Now I do feel sorry for the two female lead actresses . Their poor acting skills reminded me of college girls that work as strippers . Even though they are kinda cute , they probably slept with most of the crew members of this God awful movie . And most likely will probably end up on the Maury show to find out who their babies daddy is.As for the comedy in this movie . It was the kind of MTV juvenile quality that we all come to expect from the ghetto 's producer 's at MTV . Or rather the black folk projects . Not one joke made me laugh in this movie . At least the jokes were short lived for the movie was fast paced.The only bright spot in this movie was that the late but great Leslie Nielsen played a bit role . He probably felt so bad for the movie producer that he decided to do what he could for his movie.I 'm thankful that I only had to watch this movie once . I watched it from my on demand Comcast cable.I very strongly suggest that nobody waste their time watching this crap . Even if Amazon offered it for only a penny . Its the kind of comedy suitable for a Christian .
 Please describe the audio/video quality of any Blu-Ray you review.This is a review of the Blu-Ray . The video was very good , almost excellent -LRB- I thought some fine detail was missing -RRB- . I would rate it 9.5 / 10 . The audio was Dolby Digital 5.1 . There was also PCM 5.1 . No Dolby TrueHD or DTS-HD Master Audio.I did n't think the movie was very good at all . It was one of the worst movies I have ever seen .
 I have been a fan of the Scary Movie franchise and it 's spin-offs for years . Stan Helsing is the first one out of them all that I did not enjoy . The plot is non-existent , the dialogue is not well written . . It feels like a bunch of random horror movie scenes connected together with no sort of forward story progression , even for a `` Scary Movie '' type film . Diora Baird 's appearance was the ONLY thing that made this 108 minutes tick by for me . I would recommend those that enjoyed the Scary Movie 's steer clear of this film as it does not have the same charm or humor as the others .
 I never had high expectations for this movie . Actually I had zero expectations for this movie . I just assumed that it would be random cotton candy enjoyment on the level of a really bad made for cable B movie . But in fact the film is so lackluster it becomes downright dull and boring . Save yourself the money and energy you 'd put in to this film and go to the dentist . You 'll be happier .
 Even spoof king Leslie Nielsen ca n't save this miserably unfunny parody of horror movies . Attempts at humor mainly focus on body functions and sexual stupidities . The acting is atrocious and the production values feeble.Making good spoofs is hard work but can be done , e.g. SCARY MOVIE , AIRPLANE . STAN HELSING fails for two main reasons
 Not a -LRB- A -RRB- class film . I might have done better if given a chance . This is a awful movie . actors are horrible , the writing is stale and in need of alot of improvement , and I must urge people not to waste time watching . you 've been warned .
 This may be the absolute worst `` spoof '' I think I 've ever seen . Unfunny , uninspired I ca n't think of two scenes that made me actually do more than groan or chuckle -LRB- well , actually a lot of groaning -RRB- . A decent cast does their best with a script that is dead on arrival . I really found nothing worthwhile in this - it even looks as though made on the cheap .
 Wow , Leslie Nielsen and Keenan Thompson , fire your agents . Bo Zenga , retire . Everyone involved in this , hang your head . `` Stan Helsing '' is a spoof that ca n't take an easy target -LRB- monster movies and characters that have been around long enough to be self-parodies -RRB- and make even a mildly funny movie . I got only one mild chuckle in the whole 90 minutes of this film , and it involved a kids ' hockey team . The rest of `` Stan Helsing '' is a wretchedly unfunny movie that misses almost every pitch it makes . Top it off with a bad Michael Jackson joke and an inexplicable `` appearance '' by Barack Obama and you start to wonder how this DVD got past the discussion stage . Plenty of aimless , mean-spirited sex jokes , a nasty homophobic streak , lack of developed ideas ... and the only monster that stoner/video store clerk Stan Helsing should have killed off was this script .
 I should have known better , as even the Scary Movie franchise ran out of steam really fast . This is a real snooze . They try so hard to make you believe it 's funny , that it 's almost painful to watch at times . Take a big pass on this .
 It looks as if the cast had fun making this movie . Unfortunately , that fun does n't translate into a funny film . Because I received a preview copy , I watched the whole thing , but had I rented or bought the movie , I 'd have given up after at most fifteen minutes . At least this way , I know that I 'd have been right.The story , such as it is , involves four friends on their way to a Halloween party . One of the friends is the title character -LRB- played bySteve Howey , who , it seems , is supposed to kill `` the six biggest movie monsters of all time '' -LRB- according to the director -RRB- . As a result of various detours , none of which has any particular purpose except to serve as fodder for jokes , the characters never make it to the party but instead go through numerous allusions to horror movies , some obvious -LRB- as in the character `` Fweddy , '' a very slight parody of Freddy fromA Nightmare on Elm Street -RRB- and some not so obvious . -LRB- In case you 're wondering , the six monsters arePinhead , Chucky , Jason , Freddy Kreuger , Leatherface , andMichael Myers . -RRB- Unfortunately , the humor did n't work for me , and even Leslie Nielsen fails to save this mess.Airplane!this is n't . Rather , it 's strictly for those who think sex jokes are automatically funny and can sustain a movie.Extras include
 This is a parody type film about a guy named Stan Helsing who works in a videostore , goes to find a party with a couple friends and encounters a variety of horror movie villains along the way , such as Pinhead , Chucky , Micheal Myers , etc. . now Stans on a mission to save his town from the monsters.No good acting , not funny and slapstick humor at it 's worst . If you want to watch a bad movie then get it . If not do n't bother . It 's not a good spoof or a good movie .
 My title says it all . I did n't expect anything more than the below average quality of the Scary Movie franchise , but Stan Helsing sinks to new lows . I thought the idea of having the six -LRB- Freddy , Pinhead , Jason , Michael Myers , Leatherface and Chucky -RRB- most famous modern movie monsters was a good idea , but they are only in a handful of scenes and those scenes , like the rest of the movie , stinks . The writing and acting are horrible . I will admit that the ditzy blonde and a few other parts were a little amusing , but if that 's all you get in a 90 minute `` comedy '' then why bother watching it ? Having one of the main girls half dressed the entire movie helped me get through it , but just barely . Steer clear of this one .
 All others are warned to STAY CLEAR of this spectacularly unfunny parody . The cast tries and tries but are ultimately undone at every turn by the script . -LRB- Script ?! This is too kind a word for the wafer-thin plotting in this SCARY MOVIE wannabe . -RRB- When a film can not figure out how to make parody veteran Leslie Nielsen -LRB- who appears throughout the film in drag -RRB- remotely amusing , you know you 're in for a painful evening.Do yourself a favor and avoid this one at all costs .
 I have a pretty high tolerance for intentionally dumb comedies , and have more fondness for potty humor than most other people would probably admit to . But even by those standards , this movie is dull , boring , and worst of all , unfunny . That 's not to say the actors are entirely unlikeable , but the script was so poorly written they did n't have much to go on . Another problem is that the film is n't really a spoof or parody of anything in particular , like it presents itself as ; instead it comes off as a bunch of drama club students running around playing dress-up and goofing off . It 's just one random event after the other , with no plotline to speak of . Not that these kinds of movies should rely on in-depth backstory , necessarily , but the early Scary Movie series and subsequent Date/Disaster/Epic / Whatever Movies at least made some sort of attempt to hold everything together . Ultimately I see this whole movie as a missed opportunity . With all those famous horror characters and monsters to make fun of , they totally could have come up with something witty and entertaining , but in the end were waaaaay off the mark . I admit I was warned beforehand about how awful this movie was , but went ahead and bought it anyway because it sounded right up my alley . This is one time I wish I had listened .
 FreeDictionary defines `` spoof '' as
 `` Stan Helsing '' is not just unfunny ; it is a painful experience with my favorite actor Leslie Nielsen in it . He has n't been in good movies these days - and he was great in the `` Naked Gun '' trilogy and `` Wrongfully Accused '' was not that bad . I did n't expect much from `` Stan , '' but I like him , so I decided to see the film anyway . It turns out a wrong decision as `` Stan Helsing '' is truly a terrible film -LRB- and not that kind of `` terrible '' you can enjoy watching -RRB- . `` Stan Helsing '' is about four characters and their Halloween night misadventures . The story is virtually non-existent , but that is not a big problem . Some great comedies like `` Airplane ! '' do n't need a plot . But comedy needs talented actors and someone who guides them , neither of which `` Stan '' has . Throughout the film we are not sure what the film is parodying . The `` jokes '' are just crude ideas and nothing more . The film 's most elaborate comic set-piece is a karaoke contest involving `` monsters , '' or Fweddy , Mason , Pleatherface , and so on . You can watch something much better on YouTube.But what is really bad about `` Stan '' is the embarrassing characters played by Keenan Thompson and Steve Howey . You know , while watching films you meet some annoying characters -LRB- like Jar-Jar Binks -RRB- that you wish their quick and early demise . They keep doing stupid things they think very funny , which you find very irritating.As to Leslie Nielsen , well , he looks just bored or uninterested . Luckily his role is not a big one and perhaps he knows this is going to be a bad movie , which `` Stan Helsing '' exactly is .
 I completely do n't understand all the good reveiws on this series . The first season is all I have seen and all I will ever want to see . It should be called 24 murders because that 's all it is , one murder after another.Even though there is plenty going on , it still seems boring and I find myself just wanting to fast forward to the end.I wo n't ruin the ending if you have been living in a closet and do n't know how the first season ends -- I did n't know when I watched it -- but you will be extremely disappointed in how they `` wrap up '' the season finale.In my opinion it was a complete waste of $ 50 !! I sure wish I had shopped around and bought it used .
 The concept of the show is very good , it s true , but the story is plain stupid.I don t want to spoil it with exact details , but the complications that happend throughout the episodes are so obvious and easy that it completly loose it s uniqueness . Just as things are already bad it gets even worse , and worse , and worse some more , to the point where you know that no matter how they ll try to solve the case they ll always fall short of the solution -LRB- say `` I love you '' one more time , please ... -RRB- . Some dramatic parts are exagerated -LRB- instant amnesia anyone ? -RRB- , some are completly unrealistic.To guess what s going to happend next , just ask yourself `` what could go wrong ? '' and it ll happend.The only positive part are the actors , the music , and the concept .
 I am EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED ! Not only have I not recieved this product , but I have also not recieved a response of any kind from the seller whenI emailed him concerning the location of this package .
 Received series 1 of the TV show 24 . So far we have gotten through 3 discs out of 6 . The discs are not in very good condition . Had to get a disc cleaner and use it in between each episode on disc . 1 . Now we just use it automatically when we start a new disc . Very frustrating when trying to watch and it keeps on freezing .
 Unlike many other TV shows that benefit from watching the episodes in sequence , without commercials or cuts -LRB- allowing you to `` feel '' the story more intensely and enjoying it more -RRB- , this is not case for 24 HOURS.Even with perfect casting , great performances , clever editing , intriguing premise and good direction , watching this show in sequence is like watching an endless movie , that you want to end as soon as possible . All the excitment of waiting one week for the next episode is lost here , and you 'll begin to think that the show is not so good as you initially tought it was ... It 's like taking an average two hour thriller an extending it forever .
 Poorly acted . Plot lines , while I realize that this is tv , are so far fetched it is ridiculous . So many events that happen are so silly , my wife and I did virtually nothing but yell at the tv asking how that `` event '' makes any sense ... OK , so you have these sophisticated terrorists trying to arrange these two assassinations , but their whole plot hinges on the abduction of a teenager by two dim-witted dope heads . How in the world these two are able to drive around in that van and never get pulled over by the cops is astounding.All that being said , we watched all the episodes ... why I do n't really know , but we did.UPDATE
 Having missed this on TV , I had assumed that any series which could survive to the fifth season would be OK.While the real time concept is a novelty , the number of events which are packed into this day are beyond belief . Maybe the characters get the rest of the year off to recover?More worrying is the fact that CTU can be so easily infiltrated by moles and that CTU 's `` best agent '' is easily manipulated and goes along with terrorist plans , waiting for some miracle to save the day and justify his actions . Too bad for all the innocent victims along the way.By about half way through the `` day '' , we did n't really care too much about who won or survived in the end ... Needless to say , we wo n't be buying any further seasons .
 I was supprised this was on TV !! It portrayed too detailed sexual acts , drugs , and violent/graphic murder . I already knew that these things happen especially in relation to terrorism but I did n't need to have every detail shown to me !!! I do n't need that in my home - tossed in trash . ~ Family Man
 Suspenseful , in that it requires a complete suspension of disbelief . Sappy , because it uses every overworked plot device and cringe-inducing theatrical effect to club the viewer over the head . -LRB- E.g. , Jack Bauer periodically takes twenty seconds to grimly canoodle with his equally grim , long-suffering wife as violins swell on the soundtrack -RRB- . The dreck just marches through these episodes , with one-dimensional characters whose uniform demeanor is either wooden-faced confusion or wooden-faced stoic determination . This , even as the show 's writers have them do mindlessly stupid things in order to to get themselves -LRB- over and over again -RRB- into impossible predicaments . The only redeeming thing about this series is its innovative chronological pacing , showing events in real time over a twenty-four hour day . Too bad the creators did n't bother trying to make it realistic . If the U.S. actually has a counter-terrorism agency staffed with people this moronic , we 're done for . Get the hook .
 I found the action and suspense to be decent ; I found the events to be too flawed to really enjoy it . I found myself asking the question `` Why would an organization be so stupid as to _______ '' The story line following Jack 's daughter was also a bit stupid , and I would have been happier with shorter episodes and leave her part out altogether .
 I purchased this for a Christmas gift and it arrived in a soft sided envelope . The metal case was crushed on one side . Since this was for a gift and we were spending the holidays out of state , I purchased the item in a local store for less than I paid for this one . The bright spot was the return was easy and I received my money back .
 I 'm sorry to all the big fans out there , but this show insulted me on so many levels . Unreality seems to be the rule , just force ridiculous plot points along with no regard to how people would really behave or react . And the ending is absolutely dreadful , very little resolution , extremely dark and unhappy , makes you wonder what it was all for . TWO THUMBS DOWN .
 As Jack says in the show , ` This is the longest day of my life . ' I would add it is the longest day of stupid Hollywood TV I 've ever seen.It is ok if characters in a story make errors in judgment , that happens in real life . What I ca n't stand is error in logic by the script writers . There are so many stupidities in this script , I do n't know where to begin . For one , the terrorists use two teenage buffoons in a van as a crucial part of the plot to kidnap Jack 's daughter , and it hinges on her making the choice to crawl out her bedroom window to meet these boys . What if she changed her mind , the whole plot would have collapsed ?!!? Part of the plot is also to kidnap Jack 's wife , which they do when she is out looking for her daughter , in a really round about way . Why did they not wait for Jack to leave , as they knew he would , then send in the heavies to take both daughter and wife in one step ? Why ??? Because it is stupid TV , the reason I stopped watching broadcast TV 25 years ago !! I thought this would be intelligent like ` The Wire ' or ` The Sopranos ' , but no ... I should not have wasted my money , or 24 hours of my time .
 While this series started out with much promise , I ca n't help but think it would have been more enjoyable if watched once a week instead of over a couple of days . Then perhaps the plot holes and continuity errors would n't have been so blatantly obvious . As it was , by the end of the series my husband and I were laughing hysterically over the utter improbability of the whole thing . God help us all if those who are actually tasked with fighting terrorism were so easy to infiltrate , so incompetent over all and utterly dependent on one man -LRB- who was fooled through the entire season by a mole in his own department -RRB- , to save the day .
 I realize this is n't a movie where you introduce characters , develop the plot , and wrap everything up in 2 hours , but after watching 8 episodes , I do n't believe `` snails pace `` adequately describes the slow moving plot.Did the writers really need a whole season to cover 24 hours?One episode/show for each 24 hours would have made it more watchable.I made it through 12 episodes . I ca n't take any more.One problem with reviews for TV series is the vast majority of reviewerspurchase the DVDs after watching episodes aired on TV . Who wouldspend money on DVDs if they did n't like the series when it aired on TV?Most TV Series are rated 4 and 5 stars on Amazon.Yes ... Even the `` Flying Nun '' -LRB- Sally Field -RRB- and Beverly Hillbillies are rated 4 and 5 stars.I bought `` The Shield '' and `` The Sopranos '' without seeing them aired on TV.Both excellent series -LRB- with sub-plots -RRB- . I would recommend watching some `` 24 '' episodes on TV before purchasing . Its not for everyone .
 The drama is ok , but as with the typical television drama series of late I find the `` filler '' storyline threads worthless and at times irritating . The primary thread has some very interesting twists and turns , enough to actually keep you interested , however they keep sidelining to the lead actors personal life and the trials and tribulations of raising a teenage daughter ... that just blew it for me . I wo n't bother with a second episode .
 Sucked in by all the hype , plus the fact this is now -LRB- as I write this -RRB- into Season SEVEN , I thought I 'd give this a whirl.It starts at midnight . By 2am I was already irritated by Jack 's wife and daughter , two insipid characters played by two of the worst female ` actresses ' in TV history . Are they in some way related to the producers ? I think we should be told.By 4am I was starting to be annoyed as to how stupid the whole premise was . Trying to summarise the convoluted , complex and idiotic scheme dreamed up by the terrorists to simply kill the senator is irritating me even more . Suffice to say , the whole thing depends on Jack Bauer 's teenage daughter sneaking out of her room at night to meet up with a couple of stoned teenage youths in a van , who have been paid to kidnap her . What would have happened if she 'd just decided to stay at home instead ? The whole plot would have failed , and we 'd be 23 hours and 55 minutes short of a series!By 7am I was shouting at the TV screen , to the goodies , the baddies , everybody . `` Why are you doing that , you idiot ? Just do this ! '' Characters behave in the most stupid and nonsensical manner , purely to set up a cliff-hanger ending for the next episode . Good grief - even the original Batman series was more plausible than this!By 11am I was exhausted by all the ludicrous plot twists and character changes . Goodies become baddies , baddies become goodies , and bit part support characters change from simpering lovebirds to rabid nutters , and back again , all in the space of a few hours.By 1pm I was fast-forwarding through the ` soapy ' scenes , where embarrassingly bad actors spouted even worse banal dialogue to each other - the senator and his ridiculous son -LRB- who looks nothing like him and is about a third of his height -RRB- , the senator and his wife , Jack 's wife and Jack 's daughter , Jack 's wife and Jack ... `` I love you '' `` I love you too '' `` I was never there for you , but I 'm here for you now ... '' blah blah blah ... By 3pm even the action scenes were getting dull . Oh look , here 's Jack again , driving off at high speed in yet another vehicle ... Oh crikey , he 's crashed ! Oh no , the baddies have got him ... again ! The man gets through about 50 forms of transport , all in one day - and never once gets held up in traffic!By 5pm I hate the goodie characters so much I 'm rooting for the baddies . `` Go on ... shoot them ! For God 's sake ! Do us all a favour ! '' Jack 's wife is the worst of the lot , a strange scrawny individual who stumbles around weeping most of the time , showing all the emotional range of a Thunderbirds puppet - gawky , uncoordinated and with wide staring eyes too big for her head . This is fine when she 's supposed to be suffering from memory loss and does n't know who she is or where she is ... but she 's like this right from the word go ! A more irritating character would be hard to find ... although her teenage daughter - shoehorned into the mess purely to keep adolescent boys happy - comes very very close . She does a great line in stupid sullen petulance , and most of the time you 're wishing somebody would give her a good slap.By 7pm I 'm realising I 'm just a few hours from the end , so I skipped through the last five episodes in barely one hour ... and did n't miss a trick!It was a relief when it was over . In total it occupied about eight hours of my life . I wish it had only been eight seconds .
 I hate to rain on the popular parade of raves of this show . I too was thrilled with the fast , taught plot development that hooked my interest within the first five minutes . I loved that the writers realized that they could let viewers know about family tensions , old affairs , rivalries and office protocol without spelling out every detail , but by just letting the characters react to one another.Before long however , I had to ask myself , what federal agent keeps a tranquilizer gun in his or her office -LRB- like , between the breath mints and the spare post-its in the second drawer down ? -RRB- . Subsequent episodes contained more coincidences , and what were at first nuanced references that caused audiences to ask themselves questions like : '' If he 's really in charge , why does she keep things from him ? '' became blatant info bites where one character simply states that another character is a so-and-so . The man hunt at the end of the twenty-four hours had about as much suspense as a game of spy versus spy in my childhood backyard . The sub-plot concerning the presidential candidate and the person manipulating him became so obvious that I had to remind myself not to be disappointed - in this country we do regularly vote for truly stupid people . I was just hoping television would offer me an escape from that kind of reality . I never bothered with the final episode , so if I have n't scared anyone off with this review , at least I ca n't spoil the ending for you .
 When I first heard about idea of 24 , i was pretty skeptical . An entire season happens in just a day , and each episode takes up an hour of that day . My first thought was , how can every hour of this guys day be interesting ? So I decided I 'd give it a try ... THIS SHOW IS SO OVER RATED IT 'S NOT EVEN FUNNY !!!!!!!!! what happens to Jack in this season could have actually been wrapped up in about a span of 6 to 9 hours . Do n't get me wrong the show starts off good and then it starts to get ridiculous . It feels like after a while they 're just throwing in non-sense just so they can take up a full 24 hours . When the camera 's not on Jack Bauer , or David Palmer the quality of the show drops WAY DOWN.This is because no body else on this show can act ! besides him and the president . That 's the real reason Jack Bauer is so extreme , because 96 % of the other characters are BLAND or ANNOYING !! Not to mention this show has so many GAPING PLOT HOLES it 's not even funny ! After a while I found myself fast forwarding past every scene that did n't have either Jack , or David in it.Jack should just buy a cape , and get his own show ! I truly hope the rest of the seasons are n't this bad . So do yourself a favor and do n't fall into the hype like I did . The only reason I 'm even giving this 2 stars is because of Keifer Sutherland -LRB- who is easily the best actor on the show -RRB- , and the fact that 24 was actually a pretty cool idea . It just was n't executed properly .
 Watching 24 -LRB- or maybe it 's so over the top that they now have to call it `` 25 '' -RRB- in rapid succession a la the boxed set , will CURE YOU OF THIS STUFF FOREVER . I was sick to my stomach after watching about 1/3 of this boxed set . The absolute clincher for me was watching some sicko -LRB- posing as the girl 's father , no less -RRB- smother a beautiful 17 -LRB- ? -RRB- year-old girl to death in a hospital bed . Her body wriggling as the life left her . S * I * C * KSomeone else said it
 By the time we hit noon I hated that show . I know the plan was to do everything in real time -LRB- reel time ? -RRB- , but for God sake the girl gets kidnapped 3 times in 24 hours ? We had lesbian lover assasins , drug selling teen kidnappers , Eastern Europopean terrorist , a manipulating presidential candidates wife -LRB- not to mention his killer son . -RRB- and a half dozen secret goverment agencies.And did we really need the male prostitute in the alley scene ? Oh yeah , it was Fox . The 24 hour gimmick just did n't work for me . Not a terrible idea , but not well executed . The thing that bothers me most was the DVD is referred to as `` 24 Season 1 '' .
 Got started on this series expecting to watch via prime thru the first season . Guess this was just a teaser to get you to buy the remaining episodes from Amazon?If this is a trend with instant prime videos , no thanks .
 Hey People watch comedies if you want to see a real lame and predictable show -LRB- that every one is doing -RRB- start out with this show.Crime Dramas and this crap have ruined TV if I want to see Drama I will watch the Real World if I want to see some real action I will watch the re-runs of Walker : Texas Ranger and if I want to watch a Sutherland movie it will be the dad.Because his son is a no talent loser.Do not support this at all cost we have to have all these Crappy shows.I want to see a Crime DramaI will watch Matlock-The closest thing to real.This show as I said before is very predictable . and shut up with that Friends and Frasier stuff is predictable its not.This is stupid
 How many times can his wife/daughter be kidnapped by the same people . And , how many times can he loos contact with the once he love . All in 24 hours ! This could have been such a great series if the corporate 2 million-a-year guys could grab a cab and drive to some other planet .
 To say i feel like my intelligence was insulted would be the greatest understatement possible . This was a great -LRB- COPIED -RRB- idea -LRB- a drama occurring in real time -RRB- that went wrecklessly awry . Sutherlands talents were abused by terrible editing , directing , and a convoluted story line that read more like the never ending 3rd world soap opera . I rented the entire DVD series , and skipped about every other disk in order to keep my sanity . It was n't difficult to determine who the traitor was within 30 minutes of the first installment . This series portrays the intelligence community like the 3 stooges , and the criminals like the masterminds -LRB- Do we really need more of that ? -RRB- In addition , if Jack Bauer 's daughter was truly that stupid , for God 's sake , let the bad guys keep her . Dennis Hopper turned in a strong performance , possibly being the single saving grace of the entire catastrophe . The ` Senator ' was the only character who drew any respect from me at all . Before emotionally investing in the characters of ' 24 ' try watching `` Nick of Time '' -LRB- Starring Johnny Depp -RRB- . Nick of Time was released in 1995 and is eerily similar ... hmmmm * scratches chin * Well , anyway , if ` Nick of Time ' gets you all excited , then by all means ' 24 ' may be the kind of movie for you .
 OK -- I 'll admit that I have never watched 24 until today so I started with season 1 because so many people have been talking about it for years.After watching 4 episodes , I am really wondering what the big deal is . Between having absolutely NO likeable characters at all , whinny teens and adults who just want to `` get back '' at everyone who has looked cross eyed at them and just plain stupid dialogue , what am I missing?I 'll return the set to my friends and find something that at least has a script writer ...
 The series looses at the end , seems a lot but It 's nothing special . I 's all hype , hype and more hype , nothing more . It 's a very overrated series like everything FOX does .
 24 is , plain and simple , an expensive soap opera . The producers have managed to outfit the stuff of middling daytime television in the garb of Clancy and Bruckheimer -- a feat which must certainly be a delight to studio executives and marketers , but a disappointment to those looking for the rare gem that has made its way from broadcast television to DVD . The inventive chronological premise , high production quality , documentary-style handheld camera work , and Sutherland in the lead , ca n't conceal the mishmash of cliches and stereotypes that form the `` substance '' of this over-hyped melodrama . How far Fox has fallen since the X-Files .
 I 'll admit it
 I have never in my life seen such an annoying , helpless , and pathetic array of women characters . Every woman in the first season -LRB- which , I ca n't even continue watching -RRB- is a complete moron , and vulnerable to even the slightest whiff of a man 's attention . It starts with dumb Jamey , the rat in the so-called CTA who kicks off the season as an easily bought traitor and then kills herself off because she ca n't handle the pressure of being caught . Then we have Terry and Kim , Jack Bauer 's incredibly stupid dynamic power duo of a wife and daughter . I ca n't even begin to express how stupid these two are . The mother Terry has remarkably poor judgement , always seems to be sick or acting strangely , is jealous and completely insecure , drives her daughter to a remote mountaintop when trying to escape a would-be killer , manages to send her only escape vehicle -LRB- with her kid in it -RRB- off a cliff and then ... yes THEN gets amnesia after fainting . Really ? Jack 's partner at the faux intelligence agency Nina manages to put his wife and kid back into the hands of the `` terrorists '' because of the fact that she once slept with Jack -LRB- seriously -RRB- , and the young Senator 's aide who had the chance to help end the misery that is the first season ruins the entire plan after the bad guy tells her he `` loves her '' by going nuts and stabbing him . Thanks , Fox for giving young women everywhere the shining example of how strong and intelligent their fellow females can be . Kiefer , I always liked you and considered you a talented actor , but after half a season of 24 , I am sad to say that I thought you were better than this .
 ** Rent before you Buy ** I like Keifer Sutherland . He 's a great actor and I enjoy his performance in this show . Solid performances from all of the actors in fact . But there are just too many `` you have to be kidding me '' moments . The premise is great , and I give them credit for trying something different instead of churning out more clones of Law and Order or X Files.The show can be fun at times , but after watching the 16th episode , and literally laughing out loud seeing what becomes of Jack 's wife and daughter by the end of it -LRB- I do n't want to spoil it in case you actually make it this far into the series so you can laugh out loud too ! -RRB- , I absolve myself of watching any furthur episodes . The suspension of disbelief and cliches is just too much , it 's like watching a terrible thriller.Do yourself a favor and rent this before you even think about buying it . Myself , I 'm stuck with an unfinished season 1 -LRB- because I ca n't bring myself to watch another episode , yes it 's that bad . -RRB- and an unopened season two and three that will be going up on ebay when I have time this weekend.The main reason I even purchased this title was because of all the glowing Amazon reviews.Do yourself a favor and check out HBO 's `` The Wire '' or FOX 's `` Firefly '' -LRB- masterfully done , I ca n't say enough good things about Firefly or The Wire -RRB- The fine performances and original idea save this from a 1-star rating .
 This is not a review of the show - which is outstanding of course ! - but of the product itself.When I first received this set I inspected the discs and found one of them had fallen out of the sleeve and was very scratched . I returned it but when I received the replacement set saw that the aluminum box was badly dented . I opened box to inspect the discs and found that on 4 of them there dark particle contaminents on the surface of the disks.I promptly returned that set for a refund and ordered the the older 24 Season One set instead.I want to make it clear that I do not believe this was a problem with Amazon , but a packaging issue from the manufacturer .
 Never having seen an episode I bought these dvds to watch while recovering from surgery . I barely made it through.The handful of negative reviews here seem to hit the nail on the head . Here are some problems with this show : Beyond implausible and terribly inconsistent . This is simply regular network tv fare with writing on the level of a prime time soap opera . The bad guys are capable of everything but accomplishing the few things that would let them reach their many many goals . The good guys are awful at everything except the implausible breaks that make them win in the end . When it helps create fake tension , there is real time satellite surveillance available . Otherwise it 's completely absent . The 24 hour real time thing does nothing as this is nothing more than weekly network fare . It assumes a gullible , not too smart viewer . It milks every stereotype . Foreigners are bad guys . Women are not trustworthy . Government agencies always have to get approval from above to do anything right but can do the wrong thing immediately . Cell coverage exists and goes away as convenient . Amnesia happens all the time . People park cars on the edge of cliffs . Bad parts of town are mazes from which there is no escape and in which it is impossible to get help . Teenagers are idiots and ca n't make a single good decision . OK well maybe that last one is on target ... The may plot twists exist only as constant contrivances to create fake tension and fill up the 24 hours . All the cliches are here and season one is essentially one long ` false rescue ' scene after another from a mailorder screen writer 's school . The 24 hour contrivance ruined the show for me more than anything . Nothing could really be resolved - nor is it until the absolute end . As a result the pacing suffers horribly . Because there is soooo much time to fill , and because there are so many implausibilities and inconsistencies , the writers end up with one of the major failings of network shows - explaining everything even though so many things make no sense whatsoever . Watching the DVDs was a grind to get to any kind of resolution whatsoever , when this could have been a 2 hour episode of an excellent series . This seems to have worked well as weekly pulp fare , but falls down completely as good tv on DVD.There are a few bright spots.The performances are -LRB- excepting the entire Palmer plotline -RRB- quite good given what the actors are given to work with . Sutherland is excellent considering . The transfer and sound are both OK for the most part with the exception of a few obvious compression hitches during high motion scenes . Also this set is pretty inexpensive now.I had hoped that this highly touted network show would rise above network drama fare as Lost has . Instead it was an average TV drama with a decent cast that was hamstrung by it 's 24 hour realtime framework and usual network sensibilities.I 'll stick with the cable networks for most of my dramas .
 Do n't buy this from Amazon ! Note that this special edition DVD set is packaged in a metal case , and for shipment Amazon will pack it into a simple bubble-wrap lined envelope instead of a cardboard box . When it arrives , it will be dented . Ours had several large dents in it from shipping . The case was also bent so when you open the case it does n't close right . This is n't UPS 's fault , it 's Amazon 's . They should know better !
 Having heard so many good things about this series , I decided to give it a chance.What a waste of time it ended up being . Sure , each episode ends with a cliffhanger , but the whole story is so far fetched , and so over the top , that I quickly grew quite bored by it . In fact , I was surprised at how much I dislked this series.I have n't given any of the other seasons a chance , but after seeing this first season , I doubt that I will . However , based on the reviews here and elsewhere , my opinion is obviously very much in the minority.For a far more engaging series that also deals with counter terrorism , check out the BBC 's `` MI-5 '' -LRB- a.k.a. `` Spooks '' -RRB- - also available on DVD from Amazon.com .
 The show does have a great concept . The 24 hour timeline necessitates a fast pace unmatched by most other shows . The writers were given a tough challenge in making this work.Unfortunately , they did n't deliver . Forget about plot holes that entire presidential campaigns could fall through without slowing down . It 's overall so contrived that events seem arbitrary , which takes the suspense away . Ironically , the show is best at the dips , especially in the beginning when the events are set up . At the climaxes -- and there are several -- the action is too artificial to hold much interest . -LRB- For the record , some of my favorites movies and shows are Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Lord of the Rings , X-Men and Terminator , so it 's not like I 'm a stickler for realism -RRB- . The action-based sequences with Bauer and his family are supposed to be the most suspenseful , but it 's the low-key drama where the show does the best . Nina Meyers -LRB- Sarah Clarke -RRB- holding down the fort back at headquarters , and David Palmer -LRB- Dennis Haysbert -RRB- struggling with family issues and a conniving wife , are far more interesting threads.I do n't recommend it , at least not this season . Two stars is generous , and given only because of the innovative concept and some of the rare portions that actually work .
 I purchased Season 1 because all of my friends would not stop raving about how good this show is . While the overall production quality seemed above average for network TV , the plot was thin and very predictable . The other problem with this show is that every character except for Jack Bauer is incredibly annoying . They either are incredibly incompetant -LRB- everyone at CTU -RRB- , in their job positions , are way too naive and are constantly making terrible decisions -LRB- jack 's family -RRB- , or are just plain annoying -LRB- Palmer 's wife -RRB- . The endless subplots with Jack 's family were over the top and ridiculous . How hard is it to transport somebody without them getting kidnapped multiple times ? It was also annoying that nobody in CTU was able to accomplish anything because their superiors were constantly denying their requests . I guess the writers were trying to add to how far the corruption would go , but they did a pretty bad job as it was really obvious as to who was bad and who was good from the first few episodes . Eventually I found myself fast-forwarding every scene involving Sen. Palmer and his family and those involving Jack 's family because I just didnt care anymore . 24 is a lot better and different than shows on the major networks , but if you want to see a good show watch The Shield , The Wire , or Battlestar Galactica on cable .
 I ordered this product on Nov 28 . When it had not been received by Jan 2 , I emailed the seller but have not yet received a reply .
 Ladies and gentlemen , congratulations
 I bought this series on the 500 -- or so glowing reports listed.After seeing Season 1 I can say that the only thing worthwhile about this thing is the novelty that it takes place in 24 hrs.Compared with ` The Shield ' this is poor fare.Do you really believe that the world is better off with Baur stumbling about.People around him die and he remains.He leads a counter terrorist org . in which no one likes him.He breaks the rules but holds others accountable who act like him.He is a very poor judge of character in that the only ones he trusts in Season 1 are the traitors and moles.He is certainly no leader and shows no ability in that line.Baur 's family are also dorks . They do n't listen or obey any advice for their own safety and keep Baur more focused on them than his mission.His great mission against the Serbs concocted by the Senator now Democratic Presidential Candidate leaves no one alive but Baur -- that figures.The Senator does not have much of a platform but aids and education.If the speeches he makes are written by that speech writer he has and later fires sounds like the people he talks to are also dorks.Would you really like to trust that presidential candidate and Baur with your security and safety.I thought ` trust no one applied to the ` X ' Files , but this puts that to shame.Bad as he is the SERB is more believable than Baur .
 Okay , after getting hooked on `` The Shield '' DVD seasons , I gave `` 24 '' a try because I think that Sutherland is a good actor . Unfortunately , he is the only saving grace in this otherwise worthless show . There 's more BS DRAMA shoved into every scene , every conversation , than is ever plausable . The characters are COMPLETELY unrealistic , constantly trying to insult and out do each other . Cars explode like they were made of nitro glycerine , people are killed left and right , guns never run out of ammo , and more Hollywood drool worthy of Jerry Bruckheimer himself . DO N'T BUY THIS DVD SET , if you 're interested , find somewhere you can rent it instead , and by disc 3 you 'll be begging for the bad guys to win and kill off the rest of the cast !
 This series showed so much promise in the begining . There was so much suspense and intrigue , and the show seemed so original , but soon it all fell apart . Not only were many of the plot lines ridiculous , they were also full of holes ! For example , when Kim and Terri are being chased after the attack on the safe house , Terri makes a turn to lose their pursuers . She then stops the car and gets out saying she 's going to see if they are still being chased . If their is a chance that you are being chased , why would you get out of your car ? I do n't think you would . I can name many more as well , like when Jack is bugged , how come the transmitter is n't detected when he walks through CTU . It would have to be quite some bug.I have no idea how this show was nominated for emmies . The acting is n't even that great.Alias is a much better show . It also has rather farfetched stories but you can probably dismiss them since the show is more along the lines of science fiction and fantasy .
 It totally sucked ! It was not what I expected ... it was one episode of season I and sean4 ; on top of that , the discs were scratched .
 It would be nice if there was volume , it is n't working . If it were working , this would be 5 stars .
 The first season of 24 is a simplistic , unrealistic , and , at times , utterly clich&eacute;d -LRB- amnesia ? talk about a deux ex machina ! -RRB- presentation of the War on Terror as an extended `` non-stop action thriller . '' Even if we ignore the consequentialist ethical values which are actively promoted by the series in question -LRB- i.e. , the belief that torture is acceptable under certain circumstances ; the belief that key civil liberties can and should be violated under certain circumstances ; and so on and so forth -RRB- , the greatest flaw of the show is that , in the end , it is little more than a hodgepodge/pastiche of who knows how many `` B movie '' plots , spread over a monotonous and insufferable string of twenty four episodes . Save yourself some time , drop this from your queue , and just rent/re-watch the original Die Hard . At his best , Jack Bauer is a pale shadow of John McClane .
 I did n't watch this show when it originally aired on national television and I ca n't tell you how glad I am that I did n't waste any of my life on it . This may be the MOST implausible show ever created . I 'm pretty sure you could n't paint a dimmer picture of anyone in law enforcement . They should have titled it `` 24 Hours of Incompetence '' . I know it 's Hollywood but come on .
 I do n't like this show . It 's very unrealistic and full of plot holes . The acting is sub par in spots and I really do n't care what happens to the characters . The `` Kim '' storylines are dumb and distracting . The concept of `` real-time '' TV is n't that innovative if you ask me . There are a lot of cliff hangers and `` suspense '' , but like I said , I do n't care due to the aforementioned problems in the writing/logic and acting . On the up side , this DVD set is good quality . If you 're a fan of the show , you 'll be pleased to know that these sets look good , sound good , and have great extra features . That is , if you care . I bought seasons 1-5 at Costco last Christmas because they were on sale . I mean , who would want to miss out on the most intense , action packed show of all time ? My girlfriend and I watched through season 4 , but became totally burnt out with it . I never want to see another episode again , so I sold them on ebay and bought The Shield -LRB- a much better show ... and that 's a fact -RRB- . 24 became stale because of the rigid subject matter , and repetitive situations . The show is about counter-terrorism , so there 's no comedy -LRB- not that there should be -RRB- and no change in tone . 24 attempts to keep the same breakneck pace the entire season , which is n't dramatic -LRB- only superficial -RRB- . It does n't interest me and I do n't buy it . At first we liked it but it quickly became apparent that 24 is fast on pacing , and sloooow on brains/logic . A lot of people disagree with me ... hell , you 're probably one of them . That 's OK , because I 've got better shows to watch like The X-Files , Millennium , The Sopranos , The Wire , Carnivale , Deadwood , Rome , The Shield , Stargate SG-1 , Farscape , Lost , House M.D. , Brotherhood , etc. , etc. . Check those shows out if you want the best that TV on DVD has to offer . If the plot holes and ridiculous stories do n't bother you , then I say go for it and buy this set.If you want specific examples of the plot holes , you either have n't been watching or are as naive as the writers . There are too many to list -LRB- 5 seasons worth -RRB- . If you 've been watching for any length of time at all you 'll remember Air Force One being taken out in mid air , extravagant plans to assassinate a `` potential '' US presidential candidate -LRB- all they had to do was snipe him out -RRB- , being able to travel to anywhere in LA in a matter of 5 minutes or less , etc. . I mean , the concept of the same man having to save the entire planet 5 + times in a row is absurd , and that 's what the show is based on . Come on ! But they try to come off so real and authentic . I do n't know ... maybe I just do n't get it ; if you do ... good for you . Either way it 's just not for me . If you want edgy , `` intense '' TV , I recommend The Shield.P.S . - I realize I 'm in the minority here . Go ahead and hit `` not helpful '' . I expect most of you will .
 I sign up for Prime and they still tried to charge full price for all instant video on my Roku . It is a bate and switch . Save your money .
 This show insulted my intelligence . I know everyone in the world thinks this show is great , but it had so many flaws in it that I just could not take it seriously . Where do I begin ? These are some of the most irritating items :1 -RRB- Driving all over Los Angeles never takes more that 10 minutes2 -RRB- Highly trained terrorists , who seem to be able to infiltrate and murder at will , can not seem to capture and hold Jack 's wife and daughter .3 -RRB- Said terrorists can not hit Jack or family with high powered rifle with a scope -LRB- open shot -RRB- , yet Jack can instantly identify where sniper is , use a piece of scrap metal to reflect sunlight -LRB- in the woods no less -RRB- directly in snipers eyes , then shoot him with a pistol4 -RRB- The whole scene in the hospital in the first few episodes where Jack 's daughter 's friend is taken to - how did anyone in the world know that the girl would end up there ? Yet , the hopsital is completely infiltrated , bugged , camera ready , and there is a car in the basement waiting for Jack .5 -RRB- Cell phones work everywhere , and never run out of charge6 -RRB- Terrorists speak english in front of Jack and daughter .7 -RRB- Jack 's daughter escapes terrorists with pot of coffee .8 -RRB- Jack 's office looks like something out of GQ magazine - please someone , show me a government office that looks like a nightclub ? 9 -RRB- Pretty handy that they always seem to have someone on tape from hidden cameras .10 -RRB- While the terrorists seem so high tech and so capable of pulling off some amazing counter intelligence , and seem to have an unbeleivably large amount of money and people resources , they seem incapable of some of the most basic skills when it comes to anything to do with Jack and his family.Literally - this show must think the audience has an IQ of 7 . Mid way through the show , I wanted the terrorists to just shoot and kill Jack and his family . No happy ending here . I watched all episodes - I wish I had that time back .
 Okay , I admit I watched the whole 24 episodes , but I wo n't try season two . By the 20th episode it was so full of plot holes I almost stopped but I had to finish the story . Action scenes and music were good , but that 's about it . Spoilers -- Why would they have to blow up a whole plane when they could have just killed the one person before they got on board ? - for gratuitious overblown drama , an example that describes this whole show . For people with so many resources and so much training , they sure screw up a lot . On the plus side , Dennis Haysbert and others give good performances , though it 's sad what hackneyed writing Dennis Hopper had to bear . I 'm willing to give some license to an action show , but the plot holes were far , far too many to forgive .
 I came to 24 late - season 5 - and was hooked . I then purchased all the previous years . Year 1 is awful . It spends too much time with the Kim Bauer character who is a whiney , wimpy , loud , obnoxious teenager . Jack deserves better . I guess she is there to get the teen boy audience to tune in or closet child molesters . As to the DVD , the plot line is turgid and the acting is uninspiring . If I had started out with year 1 I would not have gotten any farther . As it were I could only get through the first three CDs before trashing it . Year 2 is much , much better . The Kim blight is still there doing meaningless stuff and screaming a lot but you can fast forward . Thankfully she appeared hardly at all in Season 5 . If you are interested in 24 avoid this one .
 I purchased Season One , never having seen a single episode , on the strength of a friend 's recommendation , and watched it in its entirety over the span of about ten evenings . I stuck with it only because my wife enjoyed it and I did n't want to be a spoilsport , which required that I suppress my urge to laugh out loud at the outlandish plot twists , which were many , and the cardboard characters.There is not a moment of Season One that I found believable . Start with the production values , which are strictly made-for-TV . Little of the series appears to be filmed on location , and the obvious sound stage and back lot settings set a tone of artificiality that , given the plotting , is probably appropriate . Note how Bauer 's wife and daughter seemingly can run miles eluding their kidnappers and never break a sweat . And because so many of the scenes are filmed on a sound stage , the lighting is often intrusively unrealistic . -LRB- In one scene , one of Victor Drazen 's sons is talking face to face with Bauer 's daughter , and as the camera switches from one to the other , it is always the right side of their faces that is illuminated . -RRB- The plot reminds me of a Robert Ludlum novel in which the hero is confronted by a sinister , shadowy organization whose reach is unlimited and whose minions are everywhere . Gosh , to whom can a hero turn in such circumstances ? Why , to the writers ! One can usually bank on a kidnapping and an escape , but here there seems to be an endless series of each . Why is a farfetched escape from a 747 - which is destroyed in the process , killing all passengers - required to secure the credentials of a photographer , who is later replaced by a double , when Drazen 's all-powerful organization should easily have been able to eliminate the photographer and make the swap after his arrival in LA ? Why would the government build an elaborate , secret detention facility , and instead of locating it at a secure site , put it under - yes , under - a tract of farmland to which anyone , apparently , has access ? -LRB- A facility so secret it takes CTU staff all of about a minute to access a detailed map of it . -RRB- The absurdities peak when Bauer 's wife and daughter are escaping from their kidnappers in a car , and his wife pulls off on a side road and exits the car , telling her daughter `` I 'll see if they 're still following us . '' As she begins to trot down the road to check things out -LRB- exactly what she would do if they were still being followed is anybody 's guess -RRB- , the car , with daughter inside , rolls over an embankment -LRB- oooops ! -RRB- and down into a ravine , where it bursts into flames . Seeing this , Ma Bauer collapses , and when she revives - ta-da ! - she 's suffering from traumatic amnesia ! If you can watch this plot twist without laughing out loud , you 're a better man than I . It goes without saying that daughter Bauer miraculously survives all this , only to face ... that 's right , yet another kidnapping.Just when it appears that the script could n't get more hokey -LRB- my apologies to any Virginia Tech alumni reading this -RRB- , the writers turned to casting for their pi&egrave;ce de r&eacute;sistance
 OK , the first two discs are incredibly entertaining , but after that I kept rooting for the people who were in danger to be shot . The self-righteous presidential candidate and Bauer 's wife and daughter -LRB- ESPECIALLY the wife and daughter -RRB- quickly became tedious . It 's difficult to know where to begin but let 's say that after a teenage girl is abducted , hit , a witness to multiple murders , and threatened with death every half hour , the logical thing to do when freed is to return to her kidnapper for help and then kiss him ??!! Good grief . Actually , except for Nina , most of the women on the show are actively stupid . -LRB- See presidential aide with her letter opener for further evidence . -RRB- A good premise with a solid performance from Sutherland , but can we silence the writers after we take care of many of the characters ? Check out the first two seasons of `` Alias '' instead .
 Do not buy this edition ; your discs will probably be damaged . The packaging is cheap and horrible . The discs slip out of the rough `` cardboard '' holders and move about the inside of the container , scratching them . I bought this set brand new , in the original packaging/wrapper and three of the discs had slipped out of their slots during transit . The edges of the discs were scuffed up , as there is an uneven `` raised '' cardboard surface right underneath where the disc is housed . The disc will rub up and down over that surface , damaging it . There is nothing -LRB- like a hub -RRB- to keep the disc in place ; they slide out of their slots and roll all over the place .
 I picked up the special Edition of 24
 Basically , what you have here is a conventional terrorist thriller with the 24-hour gimmick.It features heaping mounds of mindless exposition , lots of running around -LRB- the purest form of dramatic filler -RRB- , laughable plot contrivances -LRB- Jack 's daughter being kidnapped 5 TIMES over the course of ONE DAY , his wife a PREGNANT AMNESIAC -RRB- , and a villain that is the live-action equivalent of Boris Badenov.Rent it if you 're curious , but trust me ... this is not the sort of entertainment that holds up to repeat viewings . It 's virtually all surface flash with no deeper meaning or genuine artistic merit .
 I watched 24 from the beginning all the way to the end . In the beginning it was great ! Then , as the show went on , it was quite clear that the writers had n't planned ahead at all . Instead of having a clear path for the 24 episodes , they seemed to just make things up as they went along . I had hoped that at least the last episode had been thought out from the beginning , but that was sadly not the case . The ending was extremely unsatisfying and I have no intentions of watching season two .
 This is the most revoltingly inhumane piece of garbage I 've ever seen . It treats human lives like accessories , to be disposed of for dramatic effect . It is easily the most vile and manipulative piece of nonsense ever seen on television . Every contrived cliff-hanger and televised death is an indictment on the stupidity that this programme stands for . Kiefer Sutherland cuts a swathe through the populace in a shocking and cynical performance that leaves me rooting for anyone trying to kill him ! 24 is n't about drama , it 's about manipulating a dull-witted audience into watching the dribblings of unimaginative , unintelligent and excessively greedy `` producers '' -LRB- including the vile Sutherland -RRB- .
 What IS all the hype about ? Just because this show is n't as disasterous as `` UPN '' or `` WB '' slop does n't mean it 's great television . Is it fast ? Uh-huh . Is it good ? Not really . How quickly some forget about the great TV shows , luckily you can currently pick up DVD sets like the Rockford Files , Columbo , and Quincy . Or put your 24 dollars towards Starsky and Hutch ... those were the days , when CHARACTERS mattered , not fast camera work .
 This stuff is n't meant to be watched straight through . Watch one hour per week and use the other 167 hours to forget all the details so that you wont be bothered by the inconsistencies , stupid plot shifts , continuity problems , etc. . Think about it
 Has anyone wondered that in `` 24 Hours '' characters do n't eat , sleep or go to the bathroom?Is it possible to happen so many horrible things in someone 's life in one day ? And in the same day everything gets solved !! So stupid . . how can people watch this crap ??
 I missed this on telly , initial -LRB- UK -RRB- broadsheet reviews being indifferent , then suddenly announcing after a couple of weeks that 24 was the most urgent , unmissable televisual event in a generation . So I bought the DVDs to make sure I had a clear view of the `` unmissable '' event.Unmissable my arse .24 is poorly plotted , poorly scripted and dreadfully acted . The plot is so bad that you 'd have to be a paranoid conspiracy theorist of a Branch Davidian calibre , or perhaps just a bit dim , to buy into it . It is n't the fact that there are plot holes - though there are many and they are big , deep and wide - but that the plot is so ridiculously contrived and improbable -LRB- not to mention pea-brained -RRB- that such whopping plot holes could even be possible in the first place.Let 's say you want to assassinate an aspiring presidential candidate on the day of a primary -LRB- so he 's not even a presidential candiate yet ! -RRB- . Do you , in the space of twenty-four hours -LRB- a -RRB- infiltrate the CIA 's counter-terrorism unit in order to ensure a specific agent is assigned to the candidate , kidnap that agent 's daughter -LRB- using an extremely precarious , long-winded , and low-probability of sucess plot which relies heavily on two stoner teenagers and a van -RRB- , tail and then kidnap his wife , send the agent on a wild goose chase , hire a trained assassin to steal the idenity of a photographer then escape from and blow up -LRB- all in mid-air -RRB- a jet airliner , hack the CCTV system of a hospital , all the while anticipating and dealing with every possible unexpected contingency and ... -LRB- sorry , but that 's as far as I 've got , so you 'll have to use your imagination for the remaining eighteen spisodes -RRB- or -LRB- b -RRB- engage a professional marksman to shoot him next time he 's at a public outdoor appearance?You would n't be a million miles out if you guessed that option -LRB- b -RRB- does n't feature in any of the episodes I watched . The list could really go on and on , and I have only made it a quarter of the way through.In despair , I resign my viewership of this ridiculous series.Olly Buxton
 I ordered 24 - the first season from Amazon . Evidently , Amazon farmed this out to a third party . I received the DVD set and my DVD player immediately read `` region error '' and put a message on the TV that this DVD was encoded with a region code and could not be played . I do not know where it came from but it had some outfit in China on the cover . I have never seen or heard of this before . The set was totally useless . On the good side , my money was refunded . I am renting the DVD locally . Amazingly , it works .
 24 is a great show . Among the best of all . And season 1 was its best , but this set is another example of the lame tendency Fox has to release everything 7 or 8 times in different editions . If there really was useful bonuses to include on a new edition , why not have done it last year on the slim case edition . The packaging is not that bad , the features are interesting and the show itself is exelent , but the fact that this is actually the third time that this season is released on DVD is just another lame excuse for Fox to suck money out of dedicated fans . There is no need to buy this edition if you have one of the previous ones .
 Not sure just how this works , but if you look at the total run time on the NEW Special Edition with extended scenes and alternate ending it 's listed as 1019 minutes ... but wait !!! The ORIGINAL Season one is 1152 minutes long ! What 's up with that ? Think I 'll keep my original and save $ $ $
 Jada really missed the mark with this movie . The storyline , production and audio are all horrible . The camera movement and look of the film is really great but who wants to watch a film to see this portion of crafting . For this to be her first directed project she did not impress me at all and if she makes another movie I will be hard pressed to view her work . Midway through the movie one of the actors adopts a English accent but the accent was n't present at the start of the film . No wonder Sony Pictures sent this straight to DVD and avoided a theatrical release . I waited four years for this movie and I am very disappointed .
 This movie should have been much better ! The story line is week , besides the sexy actor the movie was a waste ! This movie should be on Lifetime .
 I love this movie , and you get a lot with this set ! We got ours from a local store and it is a good thing we did as you will soon understand . When I opened it up the discs started to fall out . We started watching the blue-ray and found a big scratch on the disc . Thankfully , the store had another one , but being the cautious person I am , I had the store open the 2nd one before we headed home . The disks in this one were even worse . Everything was a mess . At this point the store brought up a 3rd set . We though third times the charm . Things were still broken in this one as well some of them scratched also . In the end between the three set we managed to piece togther a whole set and we were happy . So all in all check the discs when you get this .
 I would imagine that my review will be of little consequence in whether one buys this movie . I also have little doubt that many will say that this review is n't helpful , some by those who really are n't in the market for this movie , but actually just want to defend it.In my opinion , though , as a sincere Christian who happens to be evangelical and seminary trained , and who truly desires to see excellence in media , particularly Christian media , I consider this movie to be so utterly corny and unrealistic , it begs credulity ! It is disturbing to me that such a great and true story is protrayed in such a corny , Hollywood way . The script is poor , the acting -LRB- save for Charlton Heston -RRB- is like a high school play , the music sometimes ridiculous , the sets and the babes so much like 1950 's Hollywood rather than the ancient middle east , it 's embarrasing ! There are moments so corny , they could be on Saturday Night Live . Joshua , in particular , is really corny . And when the Israelites escape Egypt , the scene and the music are like a 1950 's western . Nefritiri is such a 50 's glamor babe , and not Egyptian , it 's ridiculous ! She should have a cigarette draped from her fingers . And Edward G. Robinson ? Mya see , I got the golden calf , see?The movie certainly is sensational with some immense scenes , and the director obviously , in his mind , sought to retain the basic Biblical story , and to glorify God . The parting of the Red Sea is quite a sight to behold , although it is most likely a great exaggeration of the real miracle . And , I guess a lot of people like it and it has meant something to them . But , if you have never seen the film before , if you are from another country , or if you are seeking truth , please understand that the story is true , but the movie is highly reflective of 1950 's Hollywood . The Moses movie featuring Ben Kingsley is certainly more realistic , but it is not as sensational .
 Amazon says this `` 50th Anniversary Collection '' comes in `` full-screen '' , but only the additional , silent-film is full-screen . This is wide-screen . The studio should put out a full-screen version for us poor , folks without big-screen TV 's . Otherwise , a 5-star epic.An all-star cast , filmed on location in Egypt and on Mt. Sinai with a cast of extras numbering in the thousands . Lavish costumes and elaborate , large , sets . The director had an actual heart-attack in making this detailed , big , production . The true story of the Bible , of Moses and the Hebrews in slavery in Egypt , and God bringing them out by bringing plagues upon Egypt . This film fills in the gaps with interesting story that does not contradict the main story from the Bible , even if those gaps did happen a bit differently.Bonus-interviews with Charlton Heston , and the grand-daughter of the film 's director who was there , and others . This film was made when the big studios had monopoly-control of Hollywood , and actors were beholden to them ; which shows in the interviews . Notice at the film 's premiere , Yul Brenner arrives alone , feeling uncharacteristically awkward for the big crowd and cameras , but Charlton Heston and his wife quickly dart over to greet Yul Brenner , putting him immediately at ease ; showing what a thoughtful , man-of-action , Charlton Heston really was .
 I was lead to believe somewhere in the 480 customer reviews of this that included in this package was the silent version of the 10 commandments . This was the ONLY reason I bought this version . I have no interest in `` Chuck '' Heston 's version of it . I 'd return it but I 've already opened it not believing the back cover which does not list the silent version on disk 2 . It must be there ! I though . But ... . well you know the rest .
 PARAMOUNT IS SO CHEAP IT IS THE SAME DVD SET RELEASED LIKE THE OLD ONE JUST WITH A WEIRD 3RD DISC FOR THE BLACK AND WHITH VERSION
 Buyer beware ! I returned this item twice and bestbuy opened up two in the store and they had damaged discs . I sent an e - mail to Paramount about this 4 wks ago and have not recieved an answer !
 Reviewing Cecil B. DeMille 's 1956 classic would be anticlimactic to say the least ~ I doubt anyone reading this has n't already seen it -LRB- probably several times -RRB- and formed his own opinion . The 1923 original is another matter.The same attention to detail is given to sets and costumes , but not only is the whole substantially shorter than the 1956 masterpiece , only half of the movie tells the story of Moses . Part II is an early 20th century melodramatic morality tale based upon the damage done by violating the commandments given in Part I.There is a historical value in seeing what DeMille did his first time around , but the odds that you 'll ever bother watching the first version a second time are slim .
 I 'll leave you to form your own opinions about the films . I 'm kind of on the fence about the 1956 version -LRB- love Brynner and Baxter , most of the rest I could do without -RRB- . The 1923 was interesting more as a curiosity for me . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm no stranger to silent film -- most of my favorite movies are from the 20s . But this one did n't go over too well for me . At least the plot kept me guessing , though.What I really wanted to say is that the packaging is awful . I mean classically , abysmally awful . I 've been thinking about getting blank standard cases , printing my own inserts , and throwing the whole mess away , except that I really do n't want to look at the thing again . Plastic tablets hold the discs , if you can get them to stay together long enough . I could n't . The Box itself tilts open , mimicking the parting of the Red Sea . I think they were going for `` neato , '' but got off the train long before arrival . The words `` awkward '' and `` obnoxious '' come to mind , but even they would rather not be associated with a product so unsuited for human use.The worst part is , I could tell from the pre-release pictures just what I was getting . But as there was not another version of the blu ray with both films , I was stuck with the monstrosity.Go ahead and buy the set if you want the movies , but make sure you have a cabinet or drawer you can hide it in so you do n't have to look at it .
 Good state in general , but the low side presents any damages in the box . -LRB- Sunked and wrinkled box -RRB- . The packing did not have interior protection .
 I watched this one thinking it was going to be like the 1950 's version and was surprised when it was n't . The first part of the film is actually about Moses and the Ten Commandments . The second part of the film is a modern story dealing with the Ten Commandments.The first part of the film was the part that I really liked . It was pretty well done considering it was a silent film , and almost had to be over the top to get across its point to you.It was the second part that just dragged the whole movie down for me . I felt that part was just too long and spent time on scenes that did n't really need it . It lingered and lingered when it could have moved on to something else . It was well done , but just too long . And I say this as a person who appreciates the art of silent film . I know some of them were long , but this did n't keep my interest.If you 're looking for the 1950 's classic done in a silent version just watch the first part and skip the second . Or just come back to it at a later time .
 The bad news is that Paramount replaced the color footage with black and white footage , which apparently has had frames duplicated to maintain the same length as the original color sequence , resulting in very jerky action . The studio placed the color footage into the `` Special Features '' on the disc , labeling it `` Hand-tinted Footage of the Exodus and Parting of the Red Sea Sequence . '' The color was in fact created using a two-color Technicolor process ! The color footage still retains the Gaylord Carter score , fortunately.Since the 1923 version was released on VHS tape and laser disc with the color footage as part of the presentation , why would Paramount release it without the color footage intact and allow the version on the disc be a difficult watch due to the jerky action resulting from frame duplication of the new black and white footage ? Was the color footage considered a hindrance or difficult to view due to its faded colors?If you want the 1923 version and do n't have it on VHS or laser disc , you might consider buying this DVD set just to have it for your collection . Otherwise , do n't spend your money on the 2006-issued DVD set as the version of the 1956 film is the same as the previous release , with the same special features , and the presentation of the 1923 version is less than adequate .
 I bought this version . During the entire film a banner across the top advertised some teen movie . Of all the cheap , sleazy hustles we 've been groomed to expect from the dvd revolution -LRB- whatever happened to `` multiple camera angles '' -RRB- the cheesy inclusion of ad banners onto clasic movies heralds a new low for the greedy . Bad buy !
 DeMiles Ten Commandements is one of the greatest movies ever ! However , Paramount 's DVD is PATHETIC!When I recieved my copy from Amazon -LRB- I rate Amazon at 5 stars -RRB- the second disc had no movie on it . Amazon graciously replaced it . Unfortunately , the same problem occured.Wait a couple months on this one until Paramount gets their act together .
 This blu ray disc does n't play . I have several blu ray discs and they all play fine in my player . This is the second time that I am having to return the ten commandments because it 's a falty disc . I 'm not purchasing anymore DVDs on amazon
 DVD would not play . Wrong region would display . This information was not in the description of item . Returned for a full refund .
 We are currently reading about Moses in our Bible Story Book here at home , and my oldest daughter and I keep smiling because whenever we read this story , and it speaks of Moses and Pharaoh , we picture Charleton Heston and Yul Brynner ! Like a lot of people , I grew up watching this every Easter on TV . I was n't a Christian then , but year after year of viewing , the images just stuck in my head . My oldest daughter -LRB- 21 yrs . -RRB- saw it only once when a child , but certain images of this film stuck with her too . My two youngest had never seen this film , so we went and rented it yesterday . We thought they might like to see the scenes with the plagues . However , we brought it home with the WARNING
 The DVD that was sent to me can only be played in machinesthat are in Europe and Japan ?? Why send this product toa US address ?
 THE TEN COMMANDMENTS is a massive movie whose bulk hides some gross historical errors and anachronisms under some pretty spectacular special events . Director Cecil B. DeMille purports to tell the story of the Hebrew exodus led by Moses sometime around the 13th century BC . The opening credits list the sources for the script
 Not having seen `` The Ten Commandments '' for many , many years the first thing that struck me was that this film is a bona fide Cold War artifact ! DeMille 's courtain raiser leaves no doubt of the propaganda intent ... . this is no mere biblical tale but an epic of the `` struggle for freedom '' at a time when `` freedom '' is threatened once again all over the world -LRB- read the Red Menace -RRB- . Throughout the ponderous script the struggle is for `` freedom '' not for Hebrews -LRB- I do n't think the word Jew is ever uttered -RRB- to become a nation and seek a homeland . Never has De Mille been closer to a carnival barker as he touts his `` sources '' and makes his pitch for momentous contemporary relevance . This alone is worth the price of admission , well , rental.Unfortunately , then there is the movie . The script is ridiculous , riddled with lines which are more evocative of Maria Montez 's `` I have spoken ... '' in `` Cobra Woman '' than whatever version of Exodus one wishes to quote . And it goes on and on and on and on . Some scenes are indeed grand , such as the exit from Egypt , but others seem mired in stolid silent film composition
 The picture is dim through-out the entire movie . It is a strain on the eyes .
 Poor Quality `` Ten Commandments `` The outside box said Blu-ray -RRB- , the two disk marked DVD on inside.The quality was the worest DVD I have ever purchased.It was not Blu-ray - 1080P as I Paid for and ordered.I have requested a replacement Blu-ray 1080P that I orderd at no cost to me , no response.I request other customers send me information on how to get Amazon to live up to their advertisement.PSI Connected with Cathy of Customer Service , she did an outstanding job . She has set up a replacement 2-Blu-ray-1080P disk to be sent to me . She will set up a link for me to print a prepaid UPS form , to send DVD disk to Amazon.Cathy of Amazon , did a good job , to restore my faith in the Company.Ralph
 This was a gift for a friend . She is delighted !!!
 Unbelievable that this corn fest was not only respected , but revered . This is a movie that can only be enjoyed as camp humor today.The stage settings and effects are just awful , even in 1950 terms . And the acting ... acting ? Or just hamming ? The scene where Heston as Moses stalks off stage left with his staff in hand puts Bela Legosi 's cape shuffle to shame for a screen exit . Edward G. Robinson is over the top as Dathan , and what 's with these Israelites ? Presented with a column of fire and the parting of the sea , they turn turtle at the first skeptical word from old Edward G. Maybe they thought he had a .45 under those robes . Everyone 's in this thing , even Vincent Price . Well , it is a horror movie in a sense.Pious to point of curdling , and as earnest as a small town play production , this turkey should be buried before aliens see it and decide that anyone who made it should n't be allowed to live . Unless they have a healthy sense of humor for the absurd . So let it be written ...
 I purchased this movie in blue ray for I thought that the color and dimension of the picture quality would be excellent . However , I was very disappointed that the color was very weak and lack depth . I saw The Ten Commandments on network TV a few days after receiving the blue ray version . The network TV version had the true Technicolor that the blue ray lacked . It was as if my blue ray version 's color was drained .
 I was really looking foward to seeing this , pne of my favorite films in HD but was totallly disapointed once the disc loaded . Yes , the visually quality is extreamly good , the sound has been ruined . Some idiot at Paramount has completly made a mess of the soundtrack . No reviewer on the net has mentioned that this is a horrible remix of the soundtrack that is hardly 5.1 . Worse , I ca n't understand how not one reviwer has n't picked up that a large amount of the films sound effects are now missing!Music has been remixed to cover many of thr film 's sound effects . During the parting of the Red Sea music completely fades out completely leaving a void in the track since wind has been mixed down to an almost unheard level . In the same scene the pillar of fire 's swirling roar is gone - which previously was directed into the surround . The churning waters once they have been parted was heard in the surrounds as well , now also gone . Moving thunder that traveled from one side of the surrounds to the other is also gone when Moses comes down from the mountain . During the Passover scene in previous home video releases moans and screaming came from the surrounds creating a chilling atmosphere - all gone now ! In general the mix is less 5.1 than previous - what 's the use of mixing a film for 5.1 and not using the full potenical of the format - especially in a film like this . If this is n't a mistake the production of the disc is is a poor and stupid decision of the studio . Either way it seriously brings down the quality of this release . I am completly disapointed . .
 What happened to the 1923 Two-Color Technicolor ? The best part about the original Cecil B. DeMille version of The Ten Commandments was its use of this early tinting process during the Exodus . Paramount 's first DVD release decided to delete this process -LRB- that 's on VHS -RRB- and leave the entire film in black and white . What a shame ! Maybe we have to wait for the 51st Anniversary edition ... 1 star is for the 3rd DVD , not the films .
 This DVD is less than VHS picture quality . Paramout have cheated us on this transfer to DVD . The picture quality is extremely poor , my laser disc copy is light years ahead.Do not waste your time , stay with your VHS until the studios can offer a better print . A film like this should really be of Blue Ray quality.Shame on you Paramount , Oh sorry , you do not have any shame .
 The disc had no video or audio . Sent the movie back and asked for a replacement . The second movie of the Ten Commandments also had no content . I asked for a refund.I love this movie , but I guess I 'll try to get it elswhere .
 I contacted the seller when the DVD arrived and my player said `` Wrong Region . '' Apparently DVD 's formatted as Region 1 play in the US and Region 2 do not -LRB- mine was Region 2 -RRB- . The seller explained this to me and I wrote back saying I was completely unaware of such formatting . Their response was simply to offer a refund less shipping . By the time I would pay to ship it back , it would cost 2/3 as much as the DVD itself ! They put NOTHING in the title about it being a Region 2 DVD - all it said was `` The Ten Commandments . '' For anyone who does not know about this Region 1/2 stuff , they would not even know to check and make sure it 's the right format . When I made this point , MovieMars only said that they ship internationally which is why they carry Region 2 DVD 's . That 's fine - JUST TITLE THEM SO PEOPLE KNOW !! They had exactly one line on the entire page that mentioned it probably would n't play in most US players - and like I said , people who are unaware would n't even know to look for such information . I think they eventually just got sick of me because after a couple emails , they just quit responding . I suppose it makes sense when they have millions of happy customers , who cares if I am upset ? CAUTION
 A crummy copy of the sound version of the Ten Commandments was used for this DVD . If you want a beautiful , restored , crisp picture you will be greatly disappointed.On the other hand , if you only want a decent copy of the silent version of the film buy this .
 l saw this flick when it first came out , paid extra to get a seat , and was in awe of it . But that was a long time ago , and seeing it again gives me the shudders
 I ca n't really review this product as I still have not received it . It was shipped Nov 21 , one month ago . I have tried to contact you about this order but ca n't seem to get through . So , cancell the entire order and credit my account .
 If there was a God , he would have struck down Cecil B. DeMille before the director had a chance to start -- let alone wrap -- this film . In short , it 's an aesthetically unpleasing , poorly scripted , and terribly acted bore . For Boomers , there may be some sentimental value , but , for everyone else , it 's a terrible joke .
 The appearance of the bald little man from between the blue curtains right before the film is really as ridiculous as the picture , it has meaning . Indeed scenes with grandiose sights shot on a minimum 3d senario at first plan have big landscape paintings at long distance , quite surrealistic . Anyway it 's the first time I seen that Moses saw the burning bush there.Do you remember Mount Sinai wiht a cloud on top which doesnt move ? Or Mount Sinai erupting with a frozen red stain on top?For the rest , the movie does n't follow the bible , so we watch the thread of the script like cheap romance of bad taste.Well after all I should not criticize the movie for that reason , given that the bible is fiction as well.Consider that the Bible is 100 % fiction , and the movie is 80 % fiction as well regarding the bible .
 Except for Yul Brynner 's performance , costumes and attire , the rest of the movie is Old Testament religious propaganda . The movie is a slap in the face of the ancient Egyptians -LRB- of the New kingdom in the 18th & 19th dynasties -RRB- face . Moses never led the Hebrews from Egypt . He drove them out with the rest of the Hyksos invaders in 1570 BC . I 'm surprised that more people do n't question the Old Testament Megalomania . Is there a way to vote zero stars ?
 Horribly acted , written , produced , and filmed ; half the time you can here the echo from the sound stages . But that is only a minor criticism as many films from that era were as overacted and poorly filmed as this one . It is the literal interpretations of mythology like those found in this film that perpetrate crimes on humanity , thus proving the axiom
 Thankfully a lot of people feel the same way I do about this film . It is offensively bad . So bad it makes Wood 's Plan9 from Outer Space seem like a true cinematic classic . The special effects were raved about in the 50 's but films that pre date this one such as Pal 's war of the World and When World 's Collide trumph this by centuries . Fans of the mythology should have been appalled and those that found it campy give it a universe of extra credit . First time I 've seen the film . Heard about it for 50 years and admittedly the subject matter has kept me from really ever watching it . But I had no idea just how bad a film could be . Give me Attack of the Killer Tomatoes any time over this abomination . This should have ended the acting careers of everyone involved . Its like Criswell Predicts meets Kathryn Kuhlman being produced by the crew of MST3000 . Only its not funny . My mouth is still stuck open in shock !!!!
 this is about the six disc edition . The discs were difficult to remove from the tablet and they all had fingerprints and light scratches
 This particular DVD will not play in my Blue Ray Player . I call the manufacturer and received to upgrades for my blue ray player and still no success . It will only play on my PC which shows a great picture . I have not been able to see it on the big screen as of yet . I bought this movie because it is a collector 's item . I would like to return it for one that works for my DVD player .
 I purchased a total of -LRB- 3 -RRB- of these movies . None of which would play anything.Not good .
 He might choose some other planet to save . Easily the sappiest film of the century , it 's so overblown , the acting so corny , the costumes so ridiculous that amazingly enough it actually succeeds as a comedy . Personally , I find it to be a howl.There are many scenes that are very funny , not on purpose of course , unless the producers were having us all on in a fashion that would make Andy Kaufman jealous . The first hour of the movie is not too horrible , dealing with the young Moses as Egyptian prince -LRB- never mind that actual written Egyptian history is silent on this point , but let 's not haggle about the plot ! -RRB- . This part serves to introduce us to everyone in the Screen Actor 's Guild that was n't tied up doing something worthwhile , and we get the first round of an over-acting contest between Yul and Charlie that would make James Shatner and Dr. McCoy hide their faces in shame , along with evidence that Egypt must have had advanced denistry science , and one heck of a lot of dry cleaners , about on par with `` Tombstone '' , say -LRB- skin that chariot and see what happens -RRB- . But then Chuck gets religion -LRB- they 'll have to pry that staff out of his cold , dead hands -RRB- , and things go over the top very quickly , right up to the maker himself , who has a lousy special effects department if you ask me , the burning bush does n't impress very much . But nevermind , because after being in the presence of the propane flame , Heston , now imbued , and with an instant white beard , proceeds to stalk around the screen like Bela Legosi with a staff , and the humor really goes into high gear.It goes on for hours , and it may be too much for one sitting , but there are definitely highlights not to be missed . One is the outstandingly hammy peformance of Edward G. Robinson as Dathan , who steals every scene he 's in . The other has to be the chosen people themselves , the worst gang of ungrateful retches who ever defied a Pharaoh . I mean , they are supposedly actually in the presence of the Almighty as he unveils a pillar of fire ! Then , they watch as he parts an entire sea -LRB- `` behold his mighty hand '' , Heston bellows , in a classic scene -RRB- . Yet , a couple of days later -LRB- in the movie timeline -RRB- , Moses is late getting back from a business meeting , they get bored , forget all about Him and start worshipping a golden cow , just like that . Why save these guys ? Why not save , say , the American Indians , or some other race slightly more noble ? Sheesh.Probably everyone over 40 has already carved this turkey , but the production values of the DVD make it imperative to have this in your collection anyway , just for the costumes alone . For the faithful , well , it would be a useful lesson for the younger members of the family that even religous movies can stink . What a contrast to the truly excellent `` Jesus of Nazareth '' for example . Ah well , they do n't make them like this anymore ... Well , OK , `` The Postman '' maybe .
 If there was an option for zero stars that would have been my choice . I would rate this version but neither disk one or disk two of this Blu-ray version will plaqy on my top of the line Sony Blu-ray player . I suspect it may have something to do with the way the vendor copy protected the disk .
 I brought this disc from you which is a copy of a copy that cuts off in the middle of the picture . In order for me to finish seeing it , I have to pause and fast-forward the section . I am very disappointed with this product . I wrote you to see if you could do something about it . I never heard from you . Very poor customer service .
 I do n't usually review DVDs by focussing on the extras or presentation but it 's unavoidable here . Yes , the film is a camp-mongers delight , replete with over-the-top hambone performances , a pious-yet-salacious `` love triangle '' , some of the worst dialogue ever to be heard in a major film and set - 'em - and-forget - 'em camera angles as only the anachronistic C. B. de Mille could do it . Charlton Heston is at his grandiose , wooden best . Yul Brynner earned the many imitations that have dogged his overbaked performance ever since it appeared in 1956 . And Anne Baxter ... well , there 's no telling what on earth she thinks she 's doing here , but it certainly submarined her film career from then on.The film can be enjoyed on a `` camp '' basis due to De mille 's obliviousness to sound film conventions and his inability to direct actors to do anything but posture and pose . We all know that everyone watches this film for the pay-off scenes , i.e. the raising of the pilon , the various plagues , the pillar of fire , the carving of the Ten Commandments and , of course , the parting of the Red Sea . These scenes do pay-off , big time , which explains its popularity 54 years hence . Still , it 's a film of a very old fashion that was past its day in 1956 . This DVD edition suffers from all of those flaws and even adds a few . The remastering is primitive with no discernable improvements to prior remasterings , even on video . The inclusion of the 1923 version of the film only emphasizes the poor quality of that film 's transfer and the lack of quality sources available . All of the featurettes have appeared on other additions as well . Then there is the commentary by Katharine Orrison , who has supposedly written a book on this film . Okay , but by what authority . This is n't a commentary , it 's a highfallutin ' bible lesson drawn out over 5 hours -LRB- her commentary covers both the 1923 and 1956 versions -RRB- . She narrates scenes literally , with step-by-step observations of what the scenes portray according to `` God '' , `` religion '' and `` faith '' rather than cinema . In fact , she repeatedly gets cinematic facts reprehensibly wrong , often to serve her pious religious ends . One quote
 I was very disappointed that so much of the movie consisted more of love stories than what was going on with the Bible story . This movie proved to be an embarassment to have my children watch it .
 I am writing this review prior to viewing the blu-ray version of The Ten Commandments . I truely believe the movie on blu-ray will be spectacular . However , the cute packaging of the Limited Edition sucks . Please do n't waste your money on this edition . Mine arrived today . The cute stone tablets that hold the disks is very cheap ! In fact mine was damaged to the point that it did not hold the discs in place and they were scratched during shipment . Had to return the set . I wish when the studios released these Limited editions they would take into consideration that the blu-rays/DVDs will be opened and played . Thus designing the packaging for use . The pakaging is great if you are just going to sit there an stare at it and never open it . Thus the 2 star rating for the `` Limited Edition '' .
 You would think that the guys that brought usSaw , specifically Director James Wan , combined with some pretty big name actors -LRB- Kevin Bacon , Kelly Preston , John Goodman -RRB- would add up to a great movie , right ? Think again.Death Sentence was so silly at times that any merit of `` good movie '' completely evaporated in scene after scene . Like the grand-daddy of them all , Death Wish , Death Sentence is a revenge movie . Unlike Death Sentence , Death Wish is also a vigilante movie ; Death Sentence is straight up revenge.The movie starts with a horrifying , somewhat realistic scene that made me just want to hug my own son and never let go . Then the horrifying and realistic quickly exit for the rest of the movie . Enter the silly and unbelievable.Kevin Bacon 's performance is fair at best as an ` average ' soccer -LRB- or should I say hockey -RRB- dad bent on revenge . His character puts himself in unreal situations , and ... he 's super-human ! The police seem to never arrive and are complete buffoons -LRB- as is pretty much always in Hollywood -RRB- . The ` enemy ' -LRB- or antagonist -LRB- s -RRB- in Death Sentence are poorly portrayed gang stereotypes . I thought that the movie was a mess.If you want a well done , modern revenge movie , there 's one out calledThe Brave Onewith Jodie Foster . As for Death Sentence ... I 'd recommend a plea bargain to avoid this Sentence .
 You would think that the guys that brought usSaw , specifically Director James Wan , combined with some pretty big name actors -LRB- Kevin Bacon , Kelly Preston , John Goodman -RRB- would add up to a great movie , right ? Think again.Death Sentence was so silly at times that any merit of `` good movie '' completely evaporated in scene after scene . Like the grand-daddy of them all , Death Wish , Death Sentence is a revenge movie . Unlike Death Sentence , Death Wish is also a vigilante movie ; Death Sentence is straight up revenge.The movie starts with a horrifying , somewhat realistic scene that made me just want to hug my own son and never let go . Then the horrifying and realistic quickly exit for the rest of the movie . Enter the silly and unbelievable.Kevin Bacon 's performance is fair at best as an ` average ' soccer -LRB- or should i say hockey -RRB- dad bent on revenge . His character puts himself in unreal situations , and ... he 's super-human ! The police seem to never arrive and are complete buffoons -LRB- as is pretty much always in Hollywood -RRB- . The ` enemy ' or antagonist -LRB- s -RRB- in Death Sentence are poorly portrayed gang stereotypes . I thought that the movie was a mess.If you want a well done , modern revenge movie , there 's a relatively new one out calledThe Brave Onewith Jodie Foster -LRB- see my review of The Brave One here
 * CONTAINS SPOILERS * Kevin Bacon plays Nick Hume , a risk assessor for an insurance company with a life as ordinary and mundane as any put on screen , that is of course , until he is driven is vigilante violence when his son is brutally killed in a gang initiation . This killing occurs in a very bad neighborhood , one that Nick should know better than to be driving through . Putting that aside , rather than see the killer spend only a few years in jail , he impulsively recants his testimony at trial and goes to take justice into his own hands , setting the stage for a series of graphic murders in retaliation.For someone as smart and successful as Nick Hume , this man sure makes a lot of bad decisions . He arrives to confront this killer in his business suit , standing out as much as possible in a slum neighborhood so that he can be easily identified by a gang member 's sister . As he is being pursued by this gang later on , he tosses his briefcase , which contains his wallet . And does it come as any surprise that the gang goes after his family shortly after ? He simply does n't think ahead . We know his grief is supposed to cloud his judgment , but horror movies victims would n't be this foolish . And of course , the cops are all incompetent , letting him escape from their clutches later in the movie in a rather unbelievable fashion.Apart from a few effective scenes , this movie is a mess . Director James Wan wants to infuse the movie with the moral ambiguities of `` Death Wish '' and capture the mood of `` Taxi Driver , '' and attempts to do so with a number of obvious parallels , but he was much better at providing this sort of layered subtext in `` Saw '' -LRB- the first one , before the series started to approach self-parody -RRB- . While `` Death Wish '' was no masterpiece , it was certainly far superior to what 's on display here . Wan desires to examine the moral and physical consequences of vigilante justice , but the results are half-hearted . The movie , much like its characters , is too stupid to do this effectively . Apparantly , the producers recognized this too , dumping the film at the end of the summer release schedule , where it appropriately bombed.Despite the many flaws of his character , both in terms of development and actions , Kevin Bacon is actually quite good in the lead . His performance is absolutely chilling , especially at the end , when he decides to basically go on a killing spree . The final showdown is pretty ludicrous , but never for a moment did I question Bacon 's conviction and resolve during that scene . The rest of the acting is pretty standard , with the exception of John Goodman , who is horrible . His scenery-chewing dialogue is laughable , as is his presentation of it . His character also makes no sense whatsoever , especially when his `` big twist '' is revealed.There are other , better movies on the subject of vigilante justice . Watching Kevin Bacon hunt down lowlife vermin is enjoyable on a visceral level , but the suspension of disbelief required for it is pretty heavy . The various instances of ambiguity Wan includes are pointless and only underline how pretentious this movie really is . If you 're in the mood for a good action flick , this is n't quite the right choice , although there are worse alternatives out there . If you 're in the mood for a good drama , the conflicting themes here ca n't warrant a recommendation . This film does n't really succeed on any level ; it 's not unwatchable , but it is very unsatisfying .
 Kevin Bacon is a fine actor and it is because of him the film gets two stars . Otherwise this film is a mess and forces the astute viewer to ask too many questions , the wrong kinds of questions . Such as
 I was looking forward to this one ever since I saw the first trailer , but thought I would hold off until it was on DVD . I finally got around to watching it tonight and I 'm really glad I did n't rush to see Death Sentence at the theater . Kevin Bacon does a decent job acting , but I did n't find any of the gang members believable at all . John Goodman was wasted and Aisha Tyler , as the cop ally , was n't needed . The plot was the same old story it always is in these kinds of movies , so I wo n't say the story was razor thin . I knew that going in.The film was violent and gory , so I give it an extra star for not holding anything back , but this alone could n't save a weak script.Check out The Brave One -LRB- not great , but much more depth than this one -RRB- or The Crow -LRB- visually stylish -RRB- if you want some quality payback flicks .
 I think the film is a waste of good acting . It 's all about revenge . And Kevin Bacon 's character , Nick , deserves revenge because his son was brutally murdered . But there is gratuitous violence , a lack of basic logic , and a failure to build much interest in the key players.Nick is a corporate executive who somehow -LRB- never explained -RRB- is also a shockingly effective killing machine , adept at using car doors and seat belts as lethal weapons . He 's a master of diverse firearms , although he needs manuals to figure out how they are assembled . He 's pretty good with head slams too .
 The acting & action were good in this movie , but it was a bit too violent for my taste.This movie is all about revenge vigilante style , when a parent witnesses a brutal slaying of his eldest son and realizes the justice system may not give the appropriate retribution ... So , he takes matters into his own hands .
 A completely silly movie . Bacon takes on a gang by himself after his son is murdered . The police are no where to be found throughout this film , ya right . A gang allowed to roam free without fear of arrest , ya right . Bacon allowed to roam free and kill gang members , ya right .
 The first few minutes of this movie had such promise but things went down hill rather quickly after the murder of Kevin Bacon 's son . I think it was totally unrealistic with regards to the pursuit of the criminals that killed his son and I really hated when the thugs broke in and shot his wife and surviving son ... just too dark with no redemption whatever ! I would not recommend this one .
 My wife and I were actually laughing near the end of this film . That a nerdy actuary-turned-Rambo commits such errors in judgement , manages to keep his day job , elude the most incompetent cops and fool his clueless wife -LRB- Kelly Preston -RRB- could almost be believable , but how he manages to leave his hospital bed with a gaping head wound , confess his sins to a dying comatose son in another hospital bed , jump out a hospital window , drive to the bank , withdraw his life savings , buy guns from a bloated , hapless gun pimp , go home and change , read gun owners manuals , drive a car into a van -LRB- splitting in half -RRB- , find the thugs who just killed his wife , kills thugs , and manage to get home to watch home movies , well , you get the point . Should have gone straight to DVD , and to the bargain bins .
 I liked it better when it was called Death Wish . Not bad but really just Death Wish Part 8 .
 This was almost an interesting movie , it had my attention for a good majority of the time until it eventually lost momentum and headed into the home stretch with no goal or purpose.Strangely , it 's AFTER his family is killed that this movie became boring . How is that ? Up until then it was somewhat interesting , borderline exciting , because of the tension of not knowing what the enemies would do next and how Kevin Bacon would protect his family . In general , anytime someone is being stalked in a movie it 's always fun for me to watch.Up until this point of the movie , everything had been relatively not horrible . But once his family was executed -LRB- which I loved by the way , I loved seeing that overacting , annoying wife get shot -RRB- , and Kevin Bacon goes into ` revenge mode , ' it becomes a predictable , stupid , mindless , video game gunfight , with choreographed scene after scene . It was just anticlimactic and it did n't mean anything . And it did n't help that we never really cared about the characters either.Moronic things in this movie : -- When the one son is temporarily missing , and Kevin Bacon goes and finds him at the gas station where his other son was killed . Why did they use the biggest clich&eacute; in movie history by having that son say `` would it have been better if * I had been the one that died ? '' Um , how about no . Who ever implied that ?? And then he says something about how Kevin Bacon always preferred the other golden boy over him . Where was it EVER implied ANYWHERE in this entire movie that this kind of underlying jealousy/tension was ever being harbored ? What a cheap way to try to add depth to a character . Fail . -- The scene where Kevin Bacon wakes up in the hospital after being shot , with the detective lady there . Why is she sitting there preaching to this bed-ridden , critically injured person ? Just needlessly nagging him about `` what he 's gotten himself into . '' No idiot , THAT was the conversation that should 've taken place back at his home when she initially visited him after his call -LRB- and it did -RRB- . All of THIS is the result of preventive action taken that they both agreed to . In other words , in this isolated incident , which led to Kevin Bacon being hospitalized and his family shot , he did nothing wrong . All of this occurred as a result of the bad guys unrealistically murdering the cops outside and coming into his home . What exactly is she so mad about ? What exactly was he to do ? Did he deviate in any way from the plan ? How can he help it if his house is broken into ? She 's sitting there bitching to him as if he had gone insane and did something completely irrational , when in fact all he did was get shot . -- A few scenes after that , the part where Kevin Bacon is in the hospital room with his dying son , and he asks the detective lady for a few moments of privacy . WHY did she shake her head and roll her eyes , as if to say `` you 've got ta be kidding me , '' then leave in disgust ? -- Too many slow motion montages with loud , overbearing , pretentious music . -- I hate that moment in movies where `` the hero is preparing for war , '' and you have these montage shots of the hero that inevitably shows him buying/preparing his weapons , and strapping up -LRB- well I hate it in this movie -RRB- . These shots are usually accompanied by a surprised merchant , surprised at the audacity of the hero to actually be buying all this stuff . At this point the merchant will usually question the hero about his choice of arms , to which the hero will reply back in a very cool way about how he 's going to need all this stuff for what he 's about to embark on . -- Why does every hero in a revenge scenario have to be so COOL and CALCULATING . With these sarcastic one-liners , monotone expression of a scowling face , if monotone could be used to describe something visually . Should n't they be a tad bit nervous ? Or full of adrenaline ? Should n't you portray this white-collar businessman who 's about to launch into a full fledged murderous rampage as being slightly uneasy ?
 Moviemars has not responded - We can not play this blu ray in the US . We have had no respons from them . It is region B and we are region A. Can not be played . `` 0 '' rating
 Half way through the movie , Kevin Bacon basically admits killing someone to a cop/detective and nothing happens to him ... Although , up to this point , the movie had some insane action sequences , it started to become too much , as in too much caca . I have n't finished the movie but in 10 minutes -LRB- I 'm at 1:10 min -RRB- it 's become down right silly .
 `` Death Sentence '' is an ugly , venomous film , and it 's founded on a premise so ridiculous it would barely work as a parody . Watching it only made me feel dirty and ashamed , as if I had been forced to participate in something immoral . Perhaps I was . I willingly paid for my ticket and entered the theater , knowing full well that I could leave anytime I wanted . But maybe it 's just as well ; having seen it , I can warn others to avoid it . Considering that this is a James Wan film , I ca n't say that I was expecting much . He is , after all , the same man who directed `` Saw . '' I 'm no fan of that movie , but at least it knew not to take itself so seriously . `` Death Sentence '' plays like an action film in serious need of a strong antidepressant.The plot concerns Nick Hume -LRB- Kevin Bacon -RRB- , a successful family man whose life falls apart following the murder of his oldest son , Brendan -LRB- Stuart Lafferty -RRB- . The establishing first scenes could have been effective had they not been so manipulative . The film opens with home video footage of the Humes during happier days ; they laugh , they play , they open Christmas gifts , and they blow out birthday candles . Is watching this footage supposed to make Brendan 's death more heartbreaking ? Are we supposed to feel sorry for Nick , knowing that he 'll eventually become a crazed vigilante ? And let 's not forget that -LRB- 1 -RRB- Brendan planned on moving to Canada to become a professional Hockey player , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- Nick 's relationship with Brendan was stronger than with his other son , Lucas -LRB- Jordan Garrett -RRB- . I ca n't help but feel emotionally swindled -- not only is it unnecessary to know any of this , it 's also unfair.Brendan 's life is cut short at an out-of-the-way gas station , where a group of young gang members kill at random during an initiation ceremony . Nick , who had been filling his car with gas , glimpses one of the members -- Joe Darley -LRB- Matt O'Leary -RRB- -- and later picks him out of a police lineup . Unfortunately , little can be done legally
 Congratulations on creating a sanctioned bit of racist propaganda here , movie folks . Of course , it is the modern-day American way
 The movie starts of promising with a seemingly interesting story line but decends into a very trashy B-grade film ending . For all the excellent attempts of Bacon the 2nd half of the movie is totally unrealistic and most of all resembles an Arnold Swarzenegger movie when Bacon jumps out of his hospital bed after having been mortally wounded . He shaves his head , buys a bag of weapons from his targets father -LRB- ! -RRB- and sets off on a wild chase where he manages to outshoot 5-6 hardcore criminals in their own crimeden!Shame it could have been so much better .
 Engrossing film . Hard to say if I actually LIKED it though . I was n't sure I really bought Kevin Bacon as this mild suburban corporate Dad . The film certainly shows how bloodlust and revenge destroy this man and his family . Unfortunately , it also revels in the violence , which makes its message -LRB- if it has one -RRB- a little complicated . There is a really cool scene in the middle and there is a special feature on the disc that shows you how it was made . That was fun to watch .
 When Charles Bronson 's DEATH WISH was released in l975 , it created a sensation and resounded with much of the public at that time . Newscasts were filled with real-life attacks of mindless , inner-city cretins who maimed and murdered for the thrill of it . These monsters were recognized in the movie since you saw them on the subways and in many cities . NYC 's Bernard Goetz became an overnight hero to many when he did what Charles Bronson did
 I was all hyped to watch this movie in the theater and , to me , it was a let down . The movie is about a good , decent , hard working man called Nick Hume -LRB- Kevin Bacon -RRB- who looses his eldest son to gang rage . It does n't end there though -- they want more ... Hume could go two ways
 Just saw this , and like other Wan films , the Saws included , found it predictable , lacking in what it promises , and in many ways simply a mediocre movie . Bacon is good , Goodman overacts , and everyone else is just pretty much there . The plot is something you 've seen 1,000 times , and Wan in no way improves upon it . The transitions were poorly done , and the final sequence is almost laughable , it 's so poorly over the top . The use of odd `` ballads '' in the soundtrack kinda underscores the fact that Wan is a totally unoriginal filmmaker , barring the plot -LRB- NOT the acting or film -RRB- of Saw 1 . Do n't even bother to rent it ... OH , and BTW , this is one review area where the `` reviewers '' who give away certain key occurrences and the end are actually doing those who have n't seen it a favor .
 Completely unrealistic , this revenge fantasy depends on a belief suspension throughout . The most egregious absurdity is that the cops appear all but invisible while this gang war plays out . They are never around , though they have ample reason to be . Kevin Bacon looks like the lead singer of Slipknot by the time this is done , his head shaved and his face bloodied . Why is n't he arrested when the lead detective initially suspects him of killing the gang member who killed his son ? Shooting galore here , and plenty of gore . No redeeming social value whatsoever .
 I love Deathwish and similar movies , and I generally like Kevin Bacon . That 's why this was such a disappointment . The movie begins very well with realistic scenes of family life . Kevin Bacon 's son gets killed in a hard to watch way that sets the violence - and the ridiculous rest of the plot - in motion.For the next forty minutes , Kevin Bacon kills a couple of gang members , almost accidentally , then cries about it in the shower . The gang comes after him in a running shootout in a busy downtown district , yet the police do nothing but follow Kevin Bacon around , threatening to arrest him . The cops and Kevin Bacon 's wife waggle their fingers at him for starting a war with the bad guys who butchered his son.Finally , the gang shoots Kevin Bacon 's remaining family . The police , of course , blame Kevin Bacon and threaten that this time , they pinky-double-swear they 're going to arrest him , then they turn their backs so he can slip out a window . Kevin Bacon , shower crier , unable to figure out how to load a gun , suddenly becomes Rambo with a side of Jason Vorhees , firing 16 rounds out of an 8 round pistol , killing gang members in an intricate shootout with supernaturally powerful exploding shotgun shells , etc. . As a final insult to the movie watcher , the cops show up after it 's all over to shake their heads about all this violence that they did nothing to prevent.Gack , this movie was bad . Charles Bronson may need to come back from the grave to get the guys who made this film .
 Considering the source material , Brian Garfield 's 1975 follow-up to his better known Death Wish , this should have been a decent film.It was n't ! Even the presence of Kevin Bacon , John Goodman -LRB- essentially a grotesque cameo -RRB- and in a much smaller role , Kelly Preston , can not save it from director James Wan 's ineptitude.There 's very little logic to the movie , the production values are low rent , and it feels as if it was made some time ago and then finally released in 2007 rather than let the film stock turn into Fritos in a vault somewhere.A truly dreadful movie . Justice remains to be done to author Garfield 's interesting and thought-provoking novel .
 I wo n't contend that `` Scream of the Banshee '' is a terrible movie , only that in the horror realm -- it lacks anything to really distinguish it from dozens of other films in an overcrowded genre . Taking on a bit of Irish lore and unleashing the myth of the banshee upon a modern world seems like a solid enough concept . But aside from that scream , the banshee might as well have been a ghost or demon or nightmare boogeyman for it has no real consistent mode of terror . Sometimes it works in your mind driving you to insanity , sometimes it attacks you like a haggard Freddy Kreuger making your dreams a dangerous place , sometimes it is entirely corporeal wreaking havoc in a physical manifestation . The whole thing just seems ill conceived and only moderately thought out . The logic derives from the fact that if you hear the scream , it will kill you -- after that , the movie makers tend to adopt an anything goes mentality . That might be forgiven if , again , the kills had a creativity or innovation that seemed fresh . But you 've seen this movie before in various forms with various beasts , and there 's just not much new here.Headed by Lauren Holly , a team of academics uncover a mysterious box in the school 's archives . It has been brought to their attention by a former scholar who seems to have bought a one way ticket to crazy-ville -LRB- an underutilized Lance Henrickson -RRB- . The banshee reveal is the film 's biggest moment and its first cry after being released has a pleasingly eerie effectiveness . However , from here on out -- the picture plays out precisely as you would expect . Anyone exposed to the initial scream or a recording of it are dispatched in an entirely random order in entirely random methods . Is it real , is it a hallucination , is it both concurrently ? In truth , it really does n't matter . The final confrontation will bring the survivors together and , in reality , is a bit of an anticlimax.Holly , who I like at times , has little to work with here . As the film spends little time investing in its characters , it 's hard to muster much concern about who dies or lives . The film feels so generic and familiar in the long run , I just wished something -LRB- anything -RRB- would have connected more vividly . I did n't hate `` Scream of the Banshee '' -- it might be pleasant enough for a singular viewing . I doubt , however , it will inspire many to recommend it as must-see entertainment . Passable , if unimaginative , addition to the horror film canon that is easy to watch but just as easy to forget . KGHarris , 5/11 .
 Really NOT suitable for family viewing . I threw it away after stopping it as my teenage son watched . Poor quality also .
 I have been studying and practicing Martial arts for about 8 years now . And I have been ordering through Amazon for about 7 years now and I never write reviews . But this I had to write because I do read some . I suffered half way through there is no commentary , no explanation , no instructions being given ; Only music playing and a man doing rudimentary exercise . Without instructions one does not know if they are doing something right nor why they are doing it and what to expect . If you are a beginner or not I suggest Youtube instead . This is the worst so-called Martial arts training tape I 've ever seen . And if NO star was an option that 's what I would give this dvd .
 Other than the episode with Robin Williams , I thought this season was a disaster . It 's still completely vague , and has no semblance of even beginning to answer questions viewers have.To me , the writer understands he will be receiving further seasons and just strings us along . This season was not funny enough , and the characters not appealing enough , for me to warrant anyone to buy it .
 The first season of Wilfred was wonderful . What happened ? So far the second season is depressive and boring . I often find myself leaving the room while the episode is still playing , because my mind is elsewhere .
 was interested in watching wilfred so i opt to watch the preview after waiting 5 min i gave up on the buffering if these are the problems that occur with a trailer i will stick to netflix and u tube
 not much action nor history but marginally better than their other films ... Another day at an reenactment . . except your feet do n't hurt after . .
 I am normally lenient with indie films , but this is absolutely awful.There are only about 12 minutes of viable action and 8 minutes of plot necessary to carry the story.A waste of Netflix time -- even free , it was n't worth it.I guess it takes place in Roswell , California , judging by everything from the opening to the closing.It opens in an obviously Californian McMansion by the sea -LRB- difficult to find either seacoast or McMansions in Roswell , New Mexico -- trust me on this -RRB- . Accoutrements like a tree trunk wearing red leather stilletto boots , nautical knick-knacks , etc. do n't exactly match the purported location . Neither do seaside caves , palm trees , road signs leading to California locations , or all-Californian license plates.I 'm about to tell you the whole story . COMPLETE SPOILER ALERT.A guy with over-developed lats but otherwise okay body walks into McMansion and says something like `` Guys ? Where are you ? '' This continues for about 6 minutes , then he is suddenly strapped onto a bed , struggling . He is suddenly free and walking , zombielike , down the stairs . Cut to opening credit . We are now at 7 minutes , and it could have taken just about 2.50 or maybe 3.00 to create the atmosphere.Cut to a Our Hero , a guy in ugly shorts walking into same house . He looks around , proud of himself for renting such a great place for himself and his friends , he goes to the fridge , opens it up , sees beer and says `` This just gets better and better . '' Then he looks out the window at the ocean and says `` This just gets better and better . `` A female real estate agent comes into the scene , they chat , he gives her a check , and she tells him her office is the last room at the end of the hallway . During the chat , he says he 's a Xenobiologist or something -LRB- he studies the way humans and other species interact . -RRB- . The agent expresses curiosity , but with one of those knowing looks that make you say `` She must be an alien doing the exact same thing ! `` Some of the male 's friends show up . They strip down to tighty whiteys and jump in the pool The Agent watches from above . The guys get out , tan a little , then one stays out on the patio , one gets a beer , and Our Hero goes to Roswell , where he does not meet with anyone . He drives around California and magically ends up in some sea caves , then goes home . But while this is going on , back at McMansion , his friends one by one wind up strapped on a bed in their underwear -LRB- some undies change from white to brown . All undies are apparently , um , well-stuffed , but everything is opaque from the front so do n't get all lecherous -RRB- . Some get injections and some apparently do n't , -LRB- they all did , it turns out -RRB- , then they are suddenly free and walking , zombielike , down the stairs . It takes a phenomenally long time to do this for each character , and there is little else going on . Occasionally it cuts to Our Hero in Ersatz Roswell , but when I say it shows nothing , I kid you not.One of Our Hero 's buddies -LRB- the one who got the beer -RRB- has a conversation with The Agent , who zaps him , ties him to a bed , and tells him she is an alien , and is extracting stuff from his friends and they are all dead or dying.Our Hero comes home , and The Agent zaps him and tells him that she is trying to reverse the process in him . Shades of Maltese Falcon ! He 's an alien xenobiologist ! So he slashes his own throat . The end.This was horrible . Really horrible . It 's listed on Netflix as GL , but there 's no sex . Thank goodness . Any film that makes constipation a viable 90-minute alternative to watching TV does not need to ruin the concept of sex.It never does say what happens to the bodies of the young men . They just disappear .
 I should have read Sandy 's review above before paying to see this terrible movie . Not even all the cute guys in underwear could save this movie . If anyone had said Adam one more time I would have thrown my laptop.Don ' t waste any time or money on this one .
 Horrible . Waste of time . Horrible waste of time . This movie almost made me angry , it was so bad . Did I mention it was a horrible waste of time ? It is .
 B-Movie Queen Monique Parent deserves better than this , and so do you . Yet another in the series of films featuring young men in their underwear walking around endlessly in a Malibu mansion and taking showers , with minimal dialogue , story or action . There are no UFOs or invasions in this bore . Save your money and skip this .
 Its OK , but too many duplicate scenes from the TV show . Thought it was outtakes that could n't be shown on TV .
 I got this for my dad because he saw it on TV advertised and he loves the show . He was not happy at all with it ! He had seen the majority of the scenes on TV already and the video was not as uncensored as it says . They still bleep everything out , thought we were getting some raw footage but its nothing they wouldnt show on TV . Dont waste your time .
 A waste of money . Fake misdemeanor criminals doing stupid crimes . DEFINATELY NOT WORTH THE MONEY . NO REAL CRIMINAL FOOTAGE!MAYBE 3 OR 4 GOOD SCENES , THE REST THE MOVIE IS GARBAGE ! IM FROM CHITOWN , & I WAS EXPECTING TO SEE SOME REAL CHITOWN FOOTAGE ! NOTHING !!! GARBAGE ! I SEE BETTER FOOTAGE BEING OUT IN THE STREETS IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD .
 The AMERICAN PIE series is by far my favorite group of comedy films so I hate to say that BOOK OF LOVE is a bad film but it really is . Certainly none of these films are CITIZEN KANE but they have all had some funny gags , likeable and attractive characters and fairly decent scripts -LRB- the first four in particular -RRB- . Sadly this group of actors -LRB- who are supposed to be in high school but look to be in their late twenties -RRB- ca n't even pull off this lame material which includes screwing a peanut butter sandwich , oral sex from the family dog and the `` Stiffler '' character getting plowed in the rear by a CGI moose . All of the characters are unpleasent for the most part -LRB- although Ms. Arquett does a decent job -RRB- . There is really no one to identify with in this film . This time around no attempt is made to link Stiffler with his previous onscreen relatives and his character amounts to little more than a cameo . Even Eugene Levy phones it in on this one . The entire premise of the film is also extremely unlikely and rather stupid . Hopefully the inevitable part 8 will get back on track . This one is true mess .
 The Book of Love is the final entry in the American Pie Presents series and it is the worst . Eugene Levy 's cameo ca n't help this outrageous and unfunny sequel . Well , actually it is a recycled version of all the American Pies with the reintroduction of the book of love . The cast has no chemistry and the script feels like it is a first draft . Yes , there 's graphic nudity , graphic language , sexual situations , and gross out humor , but it is all done in bad taste . There are a few scenes that attempted to be funny , but failed to do so . I bought the movie for a $ 1.96 at a Black Friday sale , otherwise I would have never watched it .
 I have seen one other film in the AP series , and I am not very pleased with the movies . Now to set the record straight I love teenage sex comedies . However , a boy making love to a PB&J is not in my realm of humor . Toss in a dog and his brother filming the event and I am out the door . The movie missed a golden opportunity in The Book of Love . It attempted to reunite certain characters from the past to the present . We had Booger , from the classic `` Revenge of the Nerds '' as a teacher and Rosanna Arquette from `` Amazon Women on the Moon . '' This should have been a parade of champions from past teenage sex comedies , instead we just get a few to tempt us . Nudity , sexual situations and non-stop crude sex language . Degrading to women , men , and dogs . Funny at times but not worth the coin .
 I 'm a huge fan of the American Pie series , and have always bought them as soon as they came out . I disagree with those that say it was going downhill ; I loved 5 and 6 . But this is a new exercise in pathetic . It is literally a carbon copy of the first one , right down to the characters : Rob = JimNathan = KevinLube = FinchStifler = StiflerThe script has a couple new gags in it , including the titular encounter with the legendary Bible from # 1 , which is the only interesting part . Other gags include an unfortunate encounter with an elderly Canadian hooker , and an even more unfortunate encounter with a moose . These gags are so far over the top they 're not even funny . The premise of the movie as a whole is literally the EXACT same thing as # 1 . The series was awesome , but I guess it had to come to an end eventually . It truly pains me to say it , but if they come out with # 8 , I 'll rent it before I buy it .
 We just loved the series until this Thanksgiving `` turkey '' release . Could they not afford the prior writers and actors ? Did the purducer allow his grandchild to write a film while still in fifth grade ? Skip this one , no really , I mean it ... and , if you do n't listen to me , you will remember my warning witnin five minutes after viewing this bomb .
 I love the American Pie movies ... I was excited about this being another great movie ... . well , I was saddly disappointed with it ... I gave it two stars out of pitty ...
 We got in a few of these at the video store , and although they are not suppose to be released until Dec. 22 . I took a peak anyways . What a waste of time -- This was a terrible movie!The storyline is almost identical to the 1st `` American Pie '' . 3 Guys make a pack to lose their virginity . Although similar , there is one major difference in this film when compared to the original . This time the Sex Bible -LRB- originally shown in `` American Pie 1 '' -RRB- is the central part the storyline . Yes the same book that Kevin -LRB- Thomas Ian Nicholas -RRB- discovers in the Great Falls high school library and uses to sexually please Vicky -LRB- Tara Reid -RRB- in her bedroom . The book has been partially destroyed in a flood -LRB- due to fire sprinklers being set off after a small fire . -RRB- Now the 3 main characters -LRB- of this film -RRB- are on a mission to restore the book and lose their virginity at the same time.There are lots of familiar scenes in this film that are almost identical to the original `` American Pie '' including several references to sex with Food items , animals , and household appliances . Also there are several scenes where the main character 's sex life is exposed on the internet -LRB- sound familiar ? -RRB- . Furthermore , we have another Stiffler who is oddly similar to the original character created by Seann William Scott but not portrayed as well . And if that is not enough , the film also includes a foreign exchange student -LRB- Nadia 's cousin -RRB- although her part is small and unclear as to what she actually adds to the storyline.Basically if You have seen the original `` American Pie '' , and maybe `` Hot Dog ... The Movie '' -LRB- due to some similar ski lodge scenes -RRB- then you have seen this movie . Wish I could give a better review to this one , but it was just not that great of a Pie movie -LRB- unlike the last few released . -RRB- Maybe they should have stayed within the newer storyline they created with `` American Pie presents The Naked Mile '' , and `` American Pie presents Beta House '' . At least these two movies were actually worth watching more then once.The only slightly interesting aspect of this movie is the assorted guest appearances by former child stars , rock stars , and Classic Television stars . Some of those include Dustin Diamond -LRB- Skreech -RRB- , C. Thomas Howell , Christopher Knight -LRB- Peter Brady -RRB- , Tim Matheson , Bret Michaels -LRB- Poison -RRB- , Kevin Federline -LRB- Britney Spears Ex-husband -RRB- , Sherman Hemsley -LRB- The Jeffersons -RRB- , Steve Railsback , and a few others . Maybe this just shows how bad this movie is considering they could not even hire a decent cast other than Eugene Levy -LRB- in all American Pie Films -RRB- and Rosanna Arquette.Overall unless you are just interested in obtaining this dvd to complete your collection , I think I would stay away from this film .
 Despite the fact that we are now on the 7th American Pie film , there is still a certain standard that needs to be lived up to . While these films have not been very good since the first trilogy , they have still managed to be juvenile and raunchy fun . Book of Love managed to be juvenile and raunchy , but not fun or good . In the Delta House and Naked Mile , we were left with characters that were fun to watch and the stunts that occurred left for an entertaining movie . Instead , I cringed throughout the newest installment with how unfunny the jokes were and how often I had seen them before . While these films are supposed to be fun and crazy , I expect them to be entertaining also . This wound up easily being the worst one in this series , which was disappointing , as Delta House was the best movie since the first three.Stiffler and the British girl were awful characters also .
 With the American Pie movies 2 of them stand out as by far the worst and best of the series . The best being oddly enough American Pie 2 and the worst being American Pie Presents Band Camp the second worst dreaded forth sequel of an movie series with the worst being Wrong Turn 4 . Another odd thing about the American Pie movies is that Book Of Love is the second worst of the series and it 's follow up American Reunion is the second best of the series.The plot of the movie is pretty simple 3 guys -LRB- Nathan , Rob , and Lube -RRB- are trying to lose their virginity in high school and keep striking out big time kind of like Finch , Kevin , Oz , and Jim in the first pie movie . The main character Rob takes the place of Jim in this movie since he is tying to get with a girl named Heidi and keeps woosing out when trying to pick her up , kind of like Jim does with Nadia in the first pie movie . Except the big difference is Heidi is n't an exchange student , is present through out the entire movie , and is n't really comparable to Nadia in the first pie movie . Then there 's Nathan who has a girlfriend who wo n't go all the way kind of like Kevin does in the first pie movie . Except the difference is Nathan 's girl -LRB- Dana -RRB- is not a virgin and has black hair . Then Lube because he 's overweight kind of plays the part of Oz and Finch combined without being involved in any sports . And then Scott Stifler takes the place of Steve Stifler in the movie.Rob accidentally sets part of the school library on fire when going after Heidi at a school dance and puts the fire out with water . After he puts the fire out with water he finds the book of love/bible in ruins through serving detention cleaning up his mess . Him , Nathan , and Lube try to read the book of love and use it to get laid . Then after they end up killing a prostitute -LRB- Monique -RRB- over 65 years of age in Canada by Rob trying to have sex with her due to a passage in the book of love that was written in 1975 about having sex with Monique that Rob , Nathan , and Lube thought was written in 1995 . Rob , Nathan , and Lube find the name Noah Levenstien as the first person who checked out the book , contact him , and find out he was the original writer of the book . Then Noah , Rob , Nathan , and Lube contact everyone else who checked out the book to re-print what they 'd wrote in the book.Now lets look at the mistakes in the movie * Scott Stifler is by far the least funniest of all the Stiflers including Eric . It seemed like the actor who played him really lacked that jerky voice and presentation of anger it took to play a Stifler . Plus the Stifler 's play LaCross and football not basketball . * Way too many embarrassing youtube videos on Rob . It was almost like Rob 's little brother put too many youtube videos up of Rob 's embarrassing moments during the movie and the director did n't spread out all the boys trying to lose their virginity getting embarrassed through out the movie like in the first American Pie with Finch , Stifler , Jim , and Oz . Instead -LRB- even though Lube got an embarrassing moment or 2 in the movie -RRB- it seemed like everything was focused on Rob . And Stifler got a good embarrassing moment at the end of the film that was pretty good . Plus all the embarrassing moments in this film unlike the first American Pie just seemed too fictional and non believable causing them not to be as funny as they were in the first American Pie . * Stifler 's house-When Scott Stifler threw a party at his house it just did n't seem believable as your typical get drunk high school party . The party seemed to have too much going on at it and just was n't the same as the party 's Steve Stifler threw at his hose in American Pie 1 & 2 and American Reunion . * Eugene Levy has the smallest part of any American Pie movie-Eugene Levy wrote the book of love/bible , why is he only in the movie for 20 minutes straight and not spread out through out the entire movie like he is in the other 7 American Pie movies ? And why was the book of love written in 1969 when Noah Levenstien -LRB- played by Eugene Levy -RRB- was in high school , when according to American Pie Presents The Beta House Noah was captain of the Beta House during the last greek games in 1969 -LRB- well technically second to last since in Beta House the house does have the greek games against another fraternity house at the end of the film -RRB- ? * No Kevin or Tom Myers-When Rob , Nathan , Lube , and Noah re-construct the book of love they call everyone who 's checked it out and wrote in it . These people include the East Great Falls principal , Brett Michaels , and other people . Why where Kevin -LRB- ie Thomas Ian Nicholas -RRB- and Tom -LRB- ie Casey Affleck -RRB- Myers not in any of these scenes when they were the ones who were talking about and using the book of love in the first American Pie movie?But all in although American Pie Presents Book of love may not be the best of the pie series , it 's still better then American Pie Present 's Band Camp and has a much better ending . Even though it seemed like the creator of this movie tried to take the same approach the creator of the first American Pie did . Except the big difference is the creator of the first American Pie found much better and younger actors no one knew about .
 I have all of the other American Pie movies so I thought I should purchase this one . Really was n't all that impressed with it . If I had seen it before buying it , I probably wo n't have spent the money to buy .
 This was a useless movie , distasteful I mean come , I do n't mind some cheap and some crude humor and I love American Pie but this was not thought about in the making , the actors are poorly done , this is just a poor movie , not thought through and a complete waste of money
 I was really looking forward to this movie , but my viewing last night was not without disappointment . Mastroianni gives a beautiful performance in a film that is somewhat awkward and uneven and does n't really know how to connect the dots effectively . It throws themes at us and situations that do n't entirely gel , and that 's a pity because the idea behind the film is compelling and could have been truly moving . The film centers on a widower who makes a strong connection with his granddaughter when she is basically left in his care through the immaturity of her parents . Just when life starts to feel somewhat ` normal ' , the girl 's mother shows up and throws everything off kilter . It just does n't all work , and the poor production values make this feel very low impact and cheap . Mastroianni explores deeper emotions , but the screenplays lack of depth keep him from truly transcending .
 I love the move . it was wonderful . filled with music and filled with tear jerking parts but ... I am hearing impaired and this movie had no closed caption so I did not get to enjoy the movie to the fullest . please make all your movies with closed caption !!!!
 Acting -LRB- if you want to call it that -RRB- - not good.Very predictable.By the time the &#34; showdown &#34; at the end came I fast forward the movie to end the pain .
 A slow moving and boring movie.I did n't like the music the boy sang . He focused on looking cool as he sang . The songs had very little melody and weretedious to listen to.The relationship between the father and the boy was a good one.The physical and verbal abuse to the boy by his grandfather was very excessive . Noone should treat a child that way.I shut the dvd player off after about half an hour.Don ' t waste your time with this film .
 I purchased this item based on the reviews . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ! The movie is horrible ! The movie was a waste of time and money ! The reviews read stated make sure you have a tissue and/or real tear jerker . NOT ! I laughed at the horrible acting and the predictable ending .
 Disney + Bollywood + bland acting , pointless script , decades old CGI effects = a lot of fast forwardingActing
 I am a true fan of movies such as `` Bowfinger '' , `` Best In Class '' , `` A Mighty Wind '' and similar mockumentaries , but this film is not very funny , poorly filmed and not worth your time .
 Working my way through a list of independent films missed through the ages , I stumbled upon this well placed little feature that has a strong cult following , but seemingly missed through my previous channels . I had to see Lou Ferrigno fight Andy Dick . This could not be a missed opportunity . So , in one quick evening , it was watched . Chuckles happened , funny moments were remembered , and , alas , this film wo n't be watched again . '' ... and God Spoke '' has a great concept , a dedicated cast , but where it falls short is the potential . The idea of making a grandiose big-budget feature of `` The Bible '' is comic genius , and our two guides through this project , Michael Riley and Stephen Rappaport , are perfect as the producer/director pair . What makes '' ... and God Spoke '' work is that it takes you from pre-production of this epic disaster all the way through distribution and finally reaching the status it deserves . Typically , with a film like this , it ends on a goofy note that is both unbelievable and sappy , but this one will remind the viewer of any cult phenomenon and what steps needed to happen -LRB- or stories -RRB- to allow it to reach such proportions . It has been said that this film carries quite a cult standing in LA and the film regions of California due to how it shows the interaction of all levels on a film set . The arguing of an AD to the obnoxious behavior of the crew , this film apparently does a great job of showing the detailed background of film production . For this , I applaud '' ... and God Spoke '' . It is a dedicated comedy that tries hard to force the laugh , genuinely does at most points , but remains true to the finer points of the story.As mentioned before , '' ... and God Spoke '' is a decent entry into the mockumentary category for 1993 , but alas , it has not held up well over time . With the birth of Christopher Guest , and his growing popularity with mimic B-films , coupled with instant classics like `` This is Spinal Tap '' , you can literally drop your hand into the hypothetical film bowl and pull one out every time . It either has to be completely indie-cult in today 's terms or so `` big-name '' -LRB- i.e. Guest 's cronies or David Wain 's group -RRB- for it to stick and stay . '' ... and God Spoke '' seemed to have that potential , but used backwards thinking which ultimately hurt the overall picture . They used smaller names , of which had trouble being `` funny '' on camera , and instead of laughing I found myself just chuckling at the thick comedy . Because of the lack of quality with the actors and the jokes , the presentation was drowning and hurting the film . There were funny moments , but what made me chuckle the most were not the actors -LRB- sorry , the AD Michael Hitchcock , a Guest regular , was the only one giving 100 % -RRB- , but the ideas behind the story . The zany mistakes that these two professionals were creating were funny , the cinematographer was not funny , but the fact that he idolized Bergman was funny . The actors playing Adam & Eve , or even Jesus for that matter , were not funny , but the situations they were placed in were funny . Their costumes were funny , their special effects were funny , their placement into the film was funny , but they - the actors themselves - were not as funny as they could be . Andy Dick is funny , but he seemed to be swimming in a shallow pool with this film . Soupy ... well ... I do n't even think he knew what he was doing in this film.What was most enjoyable about this film was the ending . Without giving it away , I liked the direction that '' ... and God Spoke '' pushed itself into . There could have been a very dark element looming overhead near the end , but instead it really demonstrated the birth of something different . One could watch this film and question if `` Donnie Darko '' fell prey to similar stories during its production , and now see where it is today . It was almost like watching the birth of `` cult '' . Again , there were elements in this film that made me laugh , and I will always remember the fight over how many apostles there were and how that final scene of Jesus in the water was cut - these were funny moments . I just wish the actors pushed their characters a bit more . One could argue that there were no defined characters , but outside of Rappaport and Riley , the others just walked through hoping the audience would continue to laugh , even though their comedy button was obviously in the `` off '' position.Overall , I was neutral about this film . I laughed . I chuckled . I watched all 80 + minutes of this film , but I do n't think I could do it again . '' ... and God Spoke '' begins with a running start , but finishes with a brisk walk . It had concepts that were hysterically funny if put with better composed comedy actors , but those involved either did n't understand the full purpose of the picture , or were just trying to upscale those in the scenes before . There was a lack of conformity between everyone , and it blasted through the screen as I watched . Did it want to be a mockumentary or something in the same category as `` Kentucky Fried Movie '' - the world may never know . On the other side , there are moments that will keep me chuckling for days -LRB- Noah 's complaining about the animals , Jesus walking on water -RRB- , but there were other moments that just seemed more like `` ugh '' instead of comedy . I blame a bit of this one time and expansion of the style of this film . It does n't stand us as well over the past 14 years , and Guest has taken it to a new level . I could n't personally watch it again , but could suggest a friend or two to pick it up . Watch it , but do n't expect to love it . I can see the cult following , but it is more regionalized.Grade
 Danny DeVito & Matthew Broderick must of lost a bet of some sort !!! Why else would they ever agree to do such an awful movie !! Glad I did n't pay to watch it , well , did n't even really make it through the whole movie . Most certainly wo n't be a Christmas tradition !!
 Deck the Halls -LRB- John Whitesell , 2006 -RRB- I ca n't be 100 % sure of the tale I 'm about to spin you , but it makes sense within the parameters of the movie in question . It is a tale of great and terrible woe that involves two idealistic and quite brilliant screenwriters who make a deal with certain dark forces who twist their requests in the worst possible manner.The two screenwriters are named Chris Ord and Matt Corman , and Deck the Halls was their first baby . So they made a deal with the devil , sold their very souls to get this movie made . And the devil , realizing there was a loophole , set Ord and Corman up with screenwriter Don Rhymer and director John Whitesell , the `` creative '' team who brought you such deathless cinema as Big Momma 's House 2 and Malibu 's Most Wanted . The end result is , as one might expect , painful , but there are still desperately futile glimmers of what was once a brilliant script within the wreckage.Steve Finch -LRB- Matthew Broderick -RRB- , a small-town optometrist , is obsessed with showing his family the meaning of Christmas through building both his family 's and the town 's traditions . All is going fairly well until Buddy Hall -LRB- Danny DeVito -RRB- moves in next door . Buddy 's only nod to the Christmas tradition is his desire to have the lights from his house so bright that the house can be seen from space . The glow , and the resultant tourism it attracts , quickly go beyond the bounds of mere annoyance , and Steve finds himself coming up with ever more ridiculous plans to get the lights turned off.It 's immensely stupid , as presented , a thoroughly awful movie without a single redeeming quality . And yet , still , there 's something under the hood . The movie sets up just about every stupid-comedy character stereotype , then proceeds , within minutes , to demolish almost all of them -LRB- ironically , the only two characters who stay as stereotypes throughout the film are Broderick 's and DeVito 's -RRB- . Ill-timed jokes were so transparently inserted late in the shooting that it 's simply not possible they were part of the original script . Little details of character and subplot survive . There was much potential here , and a great deal of it was wasted ; interesting characters that could have made this a wonderful film are never developed , with the director instead opting to churn out a typical below-average movie aimed at making a quick buck in the first week of release . I can only hope someone eventually salvages the original script and makes the movie this , seemingly , should have been . *
 This is one of the worst Christmas movies I 've ever seen . A waste of talent and anyone 's time who gets suckered into watching it . Most of the jokes fall flat and the story is so predictable you can see the jokes coming a mile ahead . Even the `` sappy heartfelt '' ending does n't work ! Extremely lame and depressing .
 Like Happy Feet , this movie is a deception . The trailer for this movie looked great . My wife and I both ` thumb up-ed ' it to go see it . Big mistake to ever have done that . The trailer definitely had the funny scenes - and that was about it . I am just glad my child has not seen it.Danny Devito 's drunken tirade on ` The View ' recently only emphasize why this movie was a mistake . He 's as evil as any of the leftist in Hollywood . Skip this man and skip this movie .
 What a waste ... just completely boring ... bad acting and a sad attempt at trying to re-make a National Lampoon type Christmas . Just cornball and had to fast forward through the entire movie .
 I really wanted to like this movie , but , unfortunately , it was just awful . Several times I felt like shutting it off , but I was determined to see it through to the end , hoping it might eventually be funny -LRB- my wife fell asleep half way through -RRB- . For a movie that featured famous actors and appeared to have a decent budget , it was simply poorly written and not funny . Yes , the special effects house they put together was quite interesting to see , and the movie did include some nice holiday music , but it just never came together . Both of the main characters -LRB- Broderick and DeVito -RRB- were annoying in their own ways -LRB- if not creepy for DeVito and family -RRB- , leading you to never feel real sympathy or empathy for either of their causes . As previous reviewers have stated , much of the attempted humor used overdone versions of things you 've seen in other holiday movies -LRB- more is not better -RRB- , and much of it ripped off Christmas Vacation -LRB- think Griswold house , runaway scene , tangles of plugs , burned Christmas tree , etc -RRB- . Plus , many premises written into the script were just stupid or poorly thought out . For example , how can you see a house from outer space when it 's snowing ? Ever seen it snow with no clouds ? Dumb . I think in this whole movie I might have laughed twice.Comedies I like to get in the Christmas mood are : Christmas Vacation , Elf , A Christmas Story , Planes Trains and Automobiles , Jingle All the Way , The Santa Clause , Home Alone , or any of the old Rankin-Bass puppet movies.Holiday movies I like that are more thought-provoking are : It 's a Wonderful Life , A Christmas Carol -LRB- Alistair Sim my favorite -RRB- , Miracle on 34th Street
 Christmas comedy movies can range from the sublime -LRB- Christmas Vacation , Home Alone -RRB- to the pitiful -LRB- Ernest Steals Christmas -RRB- . `` Deck The Halls '' sets a new low standard in Christmas offerings with it 's horrible script , poor acting and shallow plot . I rented this with the memories of Matthew Broderick 's funny and convincing performance in `` Ferris Beuller 's Day Off '' , but realized quickly into the movie that Sir Lawrence Olivier could n't have made a convincing character out of this horrible script . Danny DeVito shows his inability to create a laugh , hoping that his gnome-like smallness will get him the laughs . He fails miserably . . The only reason this movie receives 1 star is due to the lack of a lower possible grade . Save your money and time and let the Griswalds bring some Christmas laughs again .
 This could very well be the worst movie I have ever seen . Every gag is predictable , boring and unfunny . I ca n't believe two performers the caliber of Broderick and DeVito allowed themselves to become involved in this horrible mess . Yeeeeccch !
 I really like watching Christmas movies . In part because I like Christmas , but also because I like to see how Christmas and our celebration of it is portrayed over time . It 's gone from a reverential celebration of religion and family to a funny -LRB- or not -RRB- analysis of modern obsessive behavior and over-consumption . Then there are movies like these , which are just time killers . This is Christmas as Product.It has a few watchable moments . Kristin Chenowith is plenty hot as always and gets to sing a teeny little bit and Kristin Davis is the most adorable lil mannequin come-to-life since her SATC partner originated that act years ago . There is one bit in particular which made me laugh . It 's horrible and if you 're a father you should hope it never happens to you . I wo n't ruin it for you but I will say in the next scene DeVito and Broderick are in a church washing their eyes out with holy water , with good reason . It 's one of the few scenes that show any signs of life , which is too bad because this thing could have used many more.Mostly though the movie is lackluster . It does n't have the manic energy of a Christmas Vacation or the heart warming nostalgia of Christmas Story or the black , outrageous humor of Bad Santa or the child-like joy and goofiness of Elf . It has a few badly paced jokes and more than its share of sleep walking actors . The pace and performances were so slow and half hearted that I felt like I was watching the entire movie through a Valium induced haze.The movie has no real heart or message , or insight and it 's not very funny . It 's a place holder , the studio needed to put out something for the Christmas movie-going audience so they cranked up the Eszterhas 3000 , set it for `` HOLIDAY '' and extruded this ... `` movie '' . Pretend it 's a Christmas stocking folks , and STUFF IT !
 If I could give this movie no stars , I would ! Bad , lame , boring , cheap and annoying ! Deck the Halls is possibly the worst Christmas movie I have ever seen in my entire life ! It was boring , and had no point or story line ! Dont waste your time snuggling in front of the fire watching this junk !
 I will get straight to the point , this movie was very bad .1 . Matthew Broderick was terrible , he forced his character so much , it was not believable . Very bad acting .2 . The sexual innuendos and use of the female characters as basically props was totally inappropriate . What happened to `` Home Alone '' where the young boy gets his excitement from sneaking into his brothers room and instead of spying on teenage girls in a pillow fight ? 3 . This movie 's plot , if it even had one , was so incredibly underdeveloped/nonexistent that you felt nothing for the characters . The whole idea of the movie is that DeVito and Broderick are going head-to-head for Christmas guy in the town , but yet we fail to understand why DeVito even cares . It seems as if they caught this in editing and threw a short scene in the middle of DeVito saying he never finishes anything . The stories really do n't even connect , . . I get lost even trying to connect them.And lastly a warning
 This movie promised to be funny , but I doubt I was the only one offended by the scene of two dads unintentionally lusting after their unrecognized daughters and then splashing their eyes with holy water . This is not a movie in the holiday spirit to sit down and watch with the kids .
 Mildly entertaining . Kept hoping it would get funnier but just kept getting stranger and forced . Hey let 's just make a movie about Christmas lights because everyone will want to see a movie while they 're off at Christmas .
 On what planet would Kristin Chenoweth be married to a troll like Danny Devito . My suspension of disbelief can only be stretched so far .
 Holiday movies like `` A Christmas Story '' , `` National Lampoon 's Christmas Vacation '' , `` Miracle On 34th Street '' , and `` It 's A Wonderful Life '' , are all perennial holiday favorites and classics because they are good movies . They have warmth , humor , and a genuineness to them . But some filmmakers think all you need are a bunch of twinkling lights , some snow , and a guy in a Santa suit to be a great holiday film , no matter what . This film is one of those . There is n't anything even remotely funny about the film or it 's situation . Everything looks too pristine and plastic . So do the characters . Sure it 's digestible enough fluff , but you can only take so much before you are an overstuffed candy cane filled to the brim of lights and Christmas ` this ' and Christmas ` that ' . I love Christmas . It 's my time of the year . But this movie just felt wrong . It had a fun enough premise . Matthew Broderick is the `` Christmas guy '' in his little town , until new neighbor Buddy Hall -LRB- Danny DeVito -RRB- , moves in across the street . Buddy wants to do something special . He wants to be noticed . He wants his house to be seen from outer space , and he figures he can do that by filling every nook and cranny of his house with Christmas lights and assorted decorations . Obviously , this does n't sit well with Broderick , being de-throned as Christmas king . The premise has all the potential in the comedy world for some fun humor and slapstick , but it all seems as flat as egg nog come January . For a film about a joyous season and heart , it feels devoid of anything joyous or heartfelt . When it tries to be warm and have heart , it just does n't ring true . It seems as fake as the snow in the movie . The movie has a good cast , and that 's what makes it 's failures all the more noticeable and disappointing . Danny DeVito , Matthew Broderick , Kristin Davis , and Kristin Chenoweth are all great people , but they fail to deliver anything in their respective roles . Each one seems to be going thru the motions . It 's really an accomplishment to make the usually fun and bubbly Chenoweth ... um , not . The movie is all window dressing with nothing underneath and nowhere to go . Did I laugh at all ? . I did like Broderick 's daughter -LRB- Arrested Development 's Alia Shawkat -RRB- threatening to call the children 's welfare bureau -LRB- or something like that -RRB- over him making her wear a Christmas sweater for the family photo . That 's about it . Deck the halls ? . Nah . Let 's hope for some better trimmings next Christmas .
 How can ANYBODY enjoy this movie ? It starts out pretty good . Some light humor with beautiful scenery . Whoever was the set designer did an outstanding job . But other than that , they took two good actors and turned them into the most obnoxious guys you 'd ever meet . One sells his wife 's cherished family heirloom to put lights on his house so that it can be seen from space -LRB- why anybody would want to do that is beyond me -RRB- and the other nearly blows his house up with his family inside because he wanted to give his neighbor a heart attack.In the end , Danny Devito 's house is seen from space but what sense of accomplishment does he get from that ? It can be seen from space . Now what ? The whole premise of the movie is just stupid.And was Matthew Broderick the ONLY other neighbor ? Nobody else in the neighborhood would have complained about the music blasting until 4am ?
 I had to give it one star but it is probably a 0 star movie . The characters are not likable . The script is predicable , The acting is awful . All in all this was a total waste of film . Matthew Brodrek is stiff and recites his lines as if he is a robot . -LRB- too many gigs as gadget maybe ? -RRB- Danny DeVito is dislikable and a bum . Not a character you want to get behind and cheer . The teenager girls are are an afterthought for a tastless joke . The dad 's do n't know it 's their daughters who are dancing and they start yelling `` who 's your daddy '' . This is disgusting . The mother 's are just there to further the plot , not characters that are needed at all , nor do you feel anything for or about them . Christmas time is a wonderful time for family . These families are sad and disgusting . Do n't waste your families time with this movie
 Deck the HallsSteve Finch -LRB- Mathew Broderick -RRB- is a typical guy in a typical town running his own business as an Optometrist . Steve is determined to deliver the traditional Christmas to his family and his town in an attempt to provide for his family what he never got from his own . Everything is going OK until his new neighbor Buddy Hall -LRB- Danny DeVito -RRB- and his family move in across the street . Buddy is unconventional in most ways and begins looking to unseat Steve from his position as the towns `` Christmas guy '' . Adventure ensues.It does n't usually take much to make a watchable Christmas movie . Even Christmas movies that are just OK are still watchable . This movie however failed in almost everyway possible and is probably one of the worst Christmas movies ever made.The Good
 Within five minutes I knew this movie is n't for me and shut it off . Crude , suggestive humor , definitely not family friendly . I 'm SO glad the only expense I incurred was gas to drive to the library and back - fast .
 Again , I 'm constantly searching for Christmas movies because I can watch them from November through December . I love them . However , this is one that I did not love . There is no real plot . It 's just something about how one neighbor can get so jealous over another and Danny Devito is his usual hateful self . There was plenty of cleavage but not much movie . Who would believe that a man has his Christmas trees planted for the next five years and who did n't see that something awful was going to happen to them ? Do n't waste your money .
 Its October and Halloween has not passed , yet everyone seems to be getting ready for Christmas . My mother bought this film and i 've never watched it , so I picked it up and watched it . Oh my god , what a piece of crap ! The story is beyond stupid and the acting was bad . I stopped this film halfway thru and downloaded Frank Sinatra 's A Jolly Christmas instead . Avoid this movie if you want to have a Merry Christmas .
 Christmas movies are either very good , or very bad . Deck the Halls falls into the latter . When Danny DeVito is on the television show ` The View ' and expresses how much he hates this movie , you know you are in for a stinker.I never considered Matthew Broderick to be much of an actor . Nothing against the guy , I was just never a fan . His character is a conservative , nerdy optometrist who deems himself ` The Christmas Guy ' . He is very much into traditions , much to his family 's pain.So in comes ` Buddy ' played by Danny DeVito . He gets it into his head that he wants a house that can be viewed from space . That 's it . That is the only reason the plot moves forward and it is absurd . His hot twin daughters showed him an internet site which shows people 's houses from space and his house can not be seen . If you had a wife that looked like that would you really care ?? But this is supposed to be a sappy Christmas story , so here we go.Matthew and Danny 's characters begin to hate each other . Buddy does his house lights that would have made Clark W. Griswald green with envy . He also has a living manger complete with live cows , sheep , and a camel . Matthew is jealous and ca n't get any sleep at night , so he attempts to sabotage Buddy 's electrical system , of course not only does Buddy have a large , noisy portable generator , he 's stealing power from his own house to run his insane light show . The final straw comes when Dr. Finch tries to assault Buddy 's house with illegal fireworks . The idiot ca n't even do that right.Of course the wives get tired of all the foolishness and go to a hotel for the holidays . Buddy and the good Doctor Finch decide to make up , bury the hatchet , and set things right with the wives . This is where it gets even more ridiculous than even I could have imagined.First off , they decorate the hotel with lights , and have huge Christmas light displays decorating a path back to the house . The town has become a ghost town at this point , the lights do not interfere with traffic , and there is NOBODY else to be seen anywhere . Then they get back to the houseand see that the two husbands have set up a lavish Christmas dinner . This is all very well and good , but come to find out they never eat it and I suppose everything goes bad . They do not eat it because no MTV is at Buddy 's house wanting to do a story on the loser who wants his house seen from space.But of course now he has no lights on his house because he used them all to decorate a five mile path from the house to the hotel -LRB- I imagine that must have been wrecked when MTV News crews and the entire town show up all at once outside Buddy 's door by the way -RRB- . So ala ` It 's a Wonderful Life ' , everyone donates lights to Buddy so he can redecorate his house . Boo hoo hoo.This is a terrible terrible terrible movie .
 What a waste of time & talent . I usually love Chrismas movies , but this one totally misses the mark . DeVito is missing his signature wit . Broderick looks constipated . The wives & kids might as well not even be in the movie considering the input they were allowed . The plot was choppy & just did n't make sense at times . It had none of the uplifting scenes you expect from a holiday movie . Save your money .
 Deck the Halls is a very bad movie , with poor acting and zero chemistry between the actors . One star is generous for this pathetic waste of time . If you still feel that you must watch this awful film , I suggest renting it rather than being stuck with a movie that you will surely not want to watch again . Horrible .
 Do not waste your time to watch this movie . All `` One Star '' reviews said it all .
 The plot did n't hold together at all . They just got two big names and did n't bother to write a good movie .
 Holiday movies like `` Miracle On 34th Street '' , `` It 's A Wonderful Life '' , and `` A Christmas Story are not classics because they can not match the holiday spirit that is found in the movie of `` The Nightmare Before Christmas '' . So ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!This movie is a very bad movie . it 's about two guys who do n't have a life , a girlfriend , and no hope . One day one decides to have the lights seen from outer space . The acting is bad , the set design is lame , and nothing can even save this movie from being a total disaster . Next time you want a Christmas movie , then get the movie of `` The Nightmare Before Christmas '' . You have been warned !
 Quite possibly one of the worst Holiday movies ever made . The supporting actors looked bored to tears , and the leads were horrible . Usually , they 're both very interesting in their character roles -LRB- at least in other movies -RRB- . The writing and direction in this movie was just awful . I mean , `` peee-ewwww ! `` There was nothing remotely funny , interesting or redeeming in quality about this movie , except that it was eventually over . Whomever decided to put the lame `` rap '' on the menu screen for the DVD obviously has no sense of style as it was just painful to endure . It did n't match even the tone of the movie , well ... except that both sucked , so I guess it did match on that level . Who green lights junk like this ? With such a horrible script and inept direction , it will never recoup the cost of making the movie , not even with DVD rentals and sales , let alone box office bucks.Do yourself a favor and avoid this piece of junk . It 's 90 + minutes of your life you wish you had actually walked on rusty nails instead .
 There is simply too much about this tragedy of a film to criticize , so I 'm only going to throw out one pet peeve . The sprayed on snow in this movie set in central Massachusetts stays the same all the way through December . It never melts or gets deeper , nor is it ever cleared from the street that separates Matthew Broderick 's house from Danny DeVito 's , enabling DeVito to secrete an extension cable between their houses -- in order to power his Christmas light display -- for the entire month of December without anyone noticing . That alone should give you a good idea about the level of talent of the writers . I felt sorry for Matthew Broderick thinking he needed to take a job like this . DeVito is slumming too .
 For me , I am okay for this movie . It is just a typical Christmas movie . The acting is just the worst part of the whole movie . It is because they are kind of exaggerating . There are some other Christmas movie that I saw before were better than this one . Overall , it is okay .
 We love Christmas movies and watch them many times . We were excited to get this since it had a `` feel good '' kind of review . Although the movie has it 's Laugh out Loud moments , they were few and far between . It is an ever loved National Lampoon 's Christmas vacation `` wannabe '' . There is no chemistry between the characters and no warmth about this movie at all . Although it was watchable , it is not going to become a Christmas favorite . I doubt we will watch it again . If I had rented it first , I would not have bought it .
 This film not only missed the mark , it missed the tournament . DECK THE HALLS is a Christmas movie hopelessly in search of a genre . The plot , which should have been simple , leans one way and then the other . At times DECK THE HALLS seemed to be a `` Wan na Be '' with blatant similarities to other comedies such as RV , CHRISTMAS VACATION , and PLANES , TRAINS AND AUTOMOBILES . Unfortunately the story trips over the holiday holly.In the story Buddy Hall -LRB- Danny DeVito -RRB- moves in across the street from Steve Finch -LRB- Matthew Broderick -RRB- . Finch is an upper middle class Massachusetts optometrist who holds the unofficial title as Mr. Christmas in his community . Finch is de-throned by his neighbor when Hall coincidentally decides to adorn his own home with so many lights that it will be visible from outer space . The gaudy Christmas display across the street only serves to push Finch over the edge . Though visitors and reporters gleefully flock to Hall 's ever brighter work-in-progress , Finch is not amused by the noise , bright lights , and traffic blocking his driveway.Finch loses his patience and attempts to sabotage Hall 's efforts . Finch 's attempts not only backfire , but draw retaliation from Hall . The obsessions of both men , Hall with his lights and Finch with toppling Hall , finally drive the two men 's wives and children from their respective homes . The neighbors realize that in their various selfish pursuits they ignored their families . Finding something in common the two make peace , work together to lure their families back , and discover the Yule tide gift of friendship.Sorry folks . The plot summary is better than the actual film . There were so many missed opportunities in this movie . From the original theatrical trailer I mistakenly thought that this would be a movie about two neighbors competing against each other with holiday decorations . That would have been a good premise . The film could also have gone deeper into Buddy Hall 's story . Hall is a man who , as his wife explains in one scene , never finishes anything in his life . The holiday decorating obsession is just one example of Hall 's misguided focus on something other than showing up for work every day . With additional concentration on this theme there could have been an entire movie . Instead it falls by the wayside.Likewise there is no depth to Matthew Broderick 's character . Nice family , beautiful home , promising career , spiteful neighbor . The fact that he is irritated by his neighbor 's lightshow is one thing , but it is difficult to believe that this otherwise stuffy traditionalist would dress up in commando garb and assault his new neighbor 's electrical utility box.Unlike PLANES , TRAINS AND AUTOMOBILE 's main characters Del Griffith and Neal Page , Buddy Hall and Steve Finch are not nice people . Any sympathy we have for dreamer Buddy Hall is dashed when we see that he swipes Finch 's newspaper , illegally patches into Finch 's own electrical box to steal power for his light show , and breaks into the Finch house to set up a stolen Christmas tree . It then appears that Hall is trying to make amends by making a gift of a brand new SUV to Finch -- only to belatedly turn out that Finch is expected to pay for the expensive fully loaded vehicle . Buddy Hall is no Del Griffith.Finch is no angel either . When he is not planning commando-style raids on his neighbor 's holiday lights he is bombarding the Hall home with an arsenal of fireworks . His negative comments to Hall about Hall 's outer space dream are just plain mean . In terms of civility Steve Finch is no Neal Page.There are some isolated funny moments in this film . I did enjoy the scenes involving Hall 's over-decorated home . Otherwise this movie goes nowhere . An added disappointment was that the wide screen version of my movie has a repeated chapter . The runaway Santa Claus sled and its aftermath appear twice . If my DVD bears that defect there are probably hundreds others with the same malady .
 The movie has a fast paced beginning and feels like a decent promise.However , absolutely nothing humourous happens , and there are tons of non-sequiters . The script gets very lazy and just hops from one scene to the next without rhyme or reason . Broderick sleep walks and Devito is rusty.A big disapointment !
 I rented this movie because I love Christmas movies , and I am always looking for one to add to the collection . All I can say is I am so glad I rented it first . Even if it was in a bargain bin for $ .99 I would not buy it . The plot is lame , the characters are unlovable , it is just a clunker .
 In DECK THE HALLS , Danny DeVito is the new neighbor from Perdition who strings a couple of billion Xmas lights on his house and adds so many other decorations that the place becomes a hectic and noisy tourist destination . Matthew Broderick is the annoyed guy across the street who schemes to put the kibosh on Danny 's fun.There 's a few humorous moments here , but this one 's not worth seeing , IMO.Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 4.5 -RRB- Deck the Halls -LRB- 2006 -RRB- - Matthew Broderick/Danny DeVito/Kristin Davis/Kristin Chenoweth
 Have n't I seen this movie before ? The obnoxious new neighbor , the feud between neighbors , the neighbor with so many Christmas lights you ca n't sleep , the guy who ends up destroying his own house in his fight against someone else , etc. , etc.Deck the Halls takes a tried-and-true plot -LRB- or rather , a combination of elements from tried-and-true plots -RRB- and adds absolutely nothing new . The performances were fine , and it had funny moments , but it was also absolutely predictable , which was a huge distraction from the comedy . It 's hard to be amused when you know exactly what 's coming next.There 's a bit of an attempt to make the movie about both men trying to find meaning in their lives , but there 's nothing really character-specific in it , and it gets lost among the cliches.I love holiday movies , but this one wo n't make it into my collection .
 This film will keep your attention however , if you watch the trailer first , you 'll know everything . Including the twists that occur throughout the film . While the film had promise , it suffered from a deplorable lack of substance and plausible storyline . If you avoid this feature , even at the rental counter , you will have yielded to ... The Right Temptation . 1 star .
 This film very much plays up that noir-ish quality one would find in some old-school detective novels . It 's hard-boiled and ham-fisted all the way . It could even be considered a little bit fun , but it has some problems.Rebecca De Mornay is easily the best performance of the group here -LRB- and the only worthwhile one -RRB- . She 's got the acting chops to play things cold and hard , yet still has the looks to bring in the sexual component needed . While being played by both ends , courtesy of Dana Delany and Kiefer Sutherland , we also get a look into her character 's past , that shows her to be just as much damaged goods as anyone else involved in this duplicitous love triangle and murder scheme.Unfortunately , while De Mornay shines in her role , the same can not be said for the others . Delany 's attempts to play up being a criminally-minded femme are completely undone every time she smirks . You never believe anything she 's telling you , which makes you wonder why anyone else would . Meanwhile , Kiefer Sutherland 's character is simply bland a boring . There is no real chemistry in their performances , unless it is supplied by De Mornay 's character . It is a clear cut case of highly-talented actors , wasting said talent on material that is beneath their skills.The film is well shot and has some very nice settings , but the last 10-15 minutes of the film ruins much of the tension built-up before , as what happens in them is more hackneyed and telegraphed , than in a Mickey Spillane pulp fiction story . Also , the film is rated `` R , '' but there did n't seem to be much in the movie that seemed to require such a rating . Remove a few f-bombs , and trim the one main love-making scene by a few seconds , and it is PG-13 material all the way.In the end , it is only Rebecca De Mornay who gives this film any real interest or life , as she pretty much carries anything of value within it single-handed . Everything else is just dime store novel reject material , which explains why it went straight to DVD . Still , it is watchable , even if in a trashy way . This is no great mystery or caper flick , but something to pass the time and quickly be forgotten shortly thereafter .
 Not exactly a high-budget blockbuster here , despite the three high-profile main actors . Rebecca DeMornay plays a complex character who seems to be juggling toughness , street smarts and independence with a vulnerability and sensitivity to the idea of relationships . Interesting enough , but then she just ends up being DUMB in the end . In fact , the whole end is dumb , with one eventful -LRB- but predictable -RRB- scene and the rest of the movie just fizzling out -- blah . Keifer Sutherland plays the macho main role who handily takes on five gangbangers at once with a crowbar -LRB- and conveniently for him , none of the gangbangers had any knives or guns to defend themselves with against the 160 lb . businessman Sutherland character -- yeah , right -RRB- . He would have been wasted in a flash in real life , c'mon ! Just a pretty lame movie , overall . The story was overall pretty good , but some of the more farfetched scenes and the weak ending just kind of ruined it for me .
 Promising cast let down by frankly awful screenplay . Poor directing meant that dramatic tension was noticeable by its almost complete absence , and character development was also weak . I think most of the people reading this review could have made a better job of this movie than the people who actually produced it .
 Do n't waste your money , it is only 14 minutes and then stops . It 's not a full 45 minutes . I started watching and then after 14 minutes it went black and you have no idea what is happening . I do n't know what the dvd is like but do n't get it off of instant video or you will be left hanging .
 If you come to this set thinking that Criterion will never let you down and these films must be great `` examples of the genre , '' think again . I can only imagine that someone at the company just picked some titles from a list without knowing anything about the films . `` Let 's do a horror/sci fi collection , groovy . Oh , this one has blood in the title and has Boris Karloff , put that one in . `` Atomic Submarine ? '' that must be good ... etc.The thing is , even for diehard fans of bad 50s sci fi and horror -LRB- like myself -RRB- these are hardly the bees ' knees ... though diehard Karloff and Arthur Franz fans may differ . If you are a newbie to the genre , a slumming art house cineaste who samples all Criterion fare , or want to kickstart a horror collection , this might be a good first dip , as things will only pick up from here . Granted I have n't seen some of these films in years -LRB- more than once was enough -RRB- and they may be better once Criterion polishes them up real nice ... I probably have no right to judge it with two stars , but amazon makes you put up something , and I 'm mad that Criterion wasted so much effort on these film when they could have dug up some real gems long neglected by DVD , like VOODOO MAN , THE GIANT CLAW , NOT OF THIS EARTH -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , IT CONQUERED THE WORLD and if you are going to release movies that are ALREADY out on DVD -LRB- like Corridors and Submarine -RRB- why not do something interesting , like ROBOT MONSTER and CAT WOMEN OF THE MOON in original 3-D ?? Criterion could include good glasses , do it up right , and become the patron saints of junk cinema junkies the world over . Instead ... zzzzzzz city .
 Okay , maybe turkeys is going too far . But none of these films are classics . Criterion , as others have noted , is a fabulous company in terms of producing restored , pristine DVD versions of films . However , these films are not classics , and are for Karloffians and collectors only . Me ? I 'm both.I run the video room for a local science fiction convention , so I 'll claim a tiny bit of authority here . I would not show any of these films , although I 'd watch them at home . None are as good as `` Fiend Without a Face '' , mentioned in another review in this section , and that one was not quite a classic , either.Both Karloff films are from his older age . The Haunted Strangler is probably Karloff 's better film , and gives him a chance to contort up his face a bit and show some acting chops . Corridors of Blood is just ok . Neither film is particularly scarey or suspensefull , although both do have their moments . Again , both films are of definite interest to those of us who love Karloff . Others should beware.The Atomic Submarine has some atmosphere , but otherwise , watch out . The effects are cheesy , even for the time . Not a lot of money was spent on this one . As for First Man Into Space , you should have some Scotch before trying that one . It 's slow going , and the effects are even less impressive.Anyone looking for something along the lines of these films that is better , nifty even , should consider the earlier Karloff film , The Body Snatchers , part of his Val Lewton period . And in terms of the sf Marshall Thompson films , you 'd be much better off with Earth Vs. The Flying Saucers .
 This is an odd package for Criterion , a company better known for foreign films and art house selections packaged with academic commentaries . It 's a good collection of Richard and Alex Gordon features but many viewers , I suspect , will find the packet overpriced . Of the four features , two are Boris Karloff dramas and two are science fiction adventures . All are in black and white in good transfers with clear sound and subtitles.THE HAUNTED STRANGLER -LRB- UK , 1958 ; aka GRIP OF THE STRANGLER -RRB- is a minor classic with Karloff playing a writer who becomes involved in the case histories of a bizarre series of murders . Karloff 's performance , I thought , was strong and the plot inventive without feeling contrived.I found CORRIDORS OF BLOOD -LRB- UK , 1958 -RRB- less satisfying . The highly fictionalized account of the discovery of anesthesia in Britain seemed mechanical to me and a body-snatching subplot felt extraneous and gratuitous . There are nice performances by Karloff and Christopher Lee , however.THE ATOMIC SUBMARINE -LRB- USA , 1959 -RRB- follows a crew of frogmen , scientists , and crusty sailors in pursuit of a flying saucer that has been sinking ocean ships . If it 's possible to imagine an sf production spending less on set design than on script development , this is that production , an effort , unfortunately , not good enough to be convincing nor bad enough to evoke the spirit of Ed Wood . It 's amusing the first time through but that 's about all.FIRST MAN INTO SPACE -LRB- USA , 1959 -RRB- is an sf adventure in the Science Creates a Monster tradition . A standard space adventure/monster movie is enlivened by some good performances , including an amusing cameo by character actor Roger Delgado.Rather than the scholarly audio commentaries that Criterion is known for , chatty conversations between Tom Weaver and producers Richard Gordon or Alex Gordon accompany the films . I found the commentaries somewhat disappointing , since none of them talks much about these films , but they are full of anecdotes of other productions . Richard Gordon is especially fond of his work with Karloff who , even in his 70s , was unfailingly hard-working and charming . Christopher Lee was a very good actor though sometimes difficult to work with . The only really harsh words are for Tim Burton who slandered the character of Bela Lugosi in ED WOOD and for Eddie Wood himself who `` could n't direct traffic . '' A low point is the commentary on First Man into Space where Tom Weaver kills time by reading a list of historical events he gathered from the internet.Collectors with a passion for ` B ' sf adventure and Boris Karloff dramas will enjoy this box set , but those simply looking for a good buy on a classic set of thrilling wonder stories might look elsewhere . I would strongly recommend the Val Lewton box set that Warner brought out . It contains excellent transfers of CAT PEOPLE , I WALKED WITH A ZOMBIE and other Lewton classics , with very good commentaries -LRB- though not on all the films -RRB- . Universal has also produced fine collections of DRACULA , FRANKENSTEIN , THE WOLF MAN , THE INVISIBLE MAN , and THE CREATURE FROM THE BLACK LAGOON with their immediate sequels . Again , the transfers are very good and each set includes additional material.On a scale of 0 to 5 , my individual ratings would be -LRB- * for the films and c for the commentaries -RRB- : *** / cc The Haunted Strangler * / cc Corridors of Bloodo/c The Atomic Submarine ** / o First Man into Space
 This is that seen if all before kind of thing where a guy falls in love with someone , but is tempted by someone else , he 's not sure what to do about it , so naturally they hit to road to go play beer pong and party along the way , get drunk , fall apart , and recoup by the end to celebrate there understanding of themselves . YAWNNNNNNN however watching this after Van Wilder 3 , it seemed like a watchable movie . Just do n't expect anything memorable that makes it stand out from the 100 other of these kind of films being dumped out of hollyweeds rear end every year .
 Great idea for a film . Like the cast ... but this a failure . So disappointed after watching the first 1/4 of the film .
 I had such high hopes for this film but gave up on it after about an hour . It was horribly slow moving and not funny at all .
 I watched about 15 minutes of this trash before turning it off . Amazon , unlike Comcast , does not give you your money back if you stop watching it in the first fifteen minutes of the movie . This was so bad that I had to recheck the credits to make sure that it was not filmed by a high school student movie class .
 The main character 's eyebrows conveyed bemused wonderment much of the movie as he gazed raptly upon his creation , a ditzy female whose main charm seemed to be smooth young flesh and an irritating , forced spontaneity.The family get-together scene with aging hippie Mom and her bohemian boyfriend was particularly hard to stomach as her relentless joie de vivre , and ever present plastered on grin made me want to hurl something at the tv.Ruby , however , was in hog heaven at the braying laughter and non-stop , lovey dovey emotings of the fam.Acting , 1 star . Plot line , 2 stars . My decision to waste my time watching this garbage - negative star and a half . Note to self - life is n't endless - find something anything else to occupy the mind next time ennui strikes .
 Mr. Silverblatt , please tell me you did n't read a script . Tell me that they made it sound gorgeous , that they threw fistfuls of cash at you . Because this movie only dragged two stars out of me because the cinematography was n't crap . My girlfriend is raising a fuss
 I enjoyed the premise of this movie and looked forward to watching it . It seemed to fall apart and I did n't like anything after the 25 minute mark .
 This movie got a lot of hype , I 'm not sure why . The main character is kind of dull and it 's hard to feel sympathy for him . Ruby is actually a lively and fun character and there are moments were there is a lot of joy and silliness . But overall I did n't feel like this movie came together well .
 Zoe Kazan is a talented writer and , on this evidence , a talented actress . She 's also , helpfully , gorgeous . Unfortunately , that 's about the best that can be said of Ruby Sparks.It has none of the charm or subtlety of Little Miss Sunshine , and is fatally torpedoed by Paul Dano 's protagonist being dislikable from start to finish . SLIGHT SPOILER ALERT The climax of the film is particularly unpleasant , making the `` happy ending '' simultaneously a relief and stomach-churning . Annette Bening and Antonio Banderas are wasted as caricature parents more two-dimensional than Barbra Streisand and Dustin Hoffman 's very similar characters in Meet the Parents . Chris Messina is fine as Dano 's brother , although it 's hard to imagine two actors who look less similar.The film might be more interesting had the trailer not given away the key to the story - i.e. Ruby being made flesh - but , even then , it would still be territory that Charlie Kaufman trudged to similar effect in Adaptation.The DVD extras on this edition are three flimsy , near-identical promo featurettes . Presumably a deluxe edition rather than this apparently rush-released effort will have commentaries and so forth.A reluctant thumbs-down for a film that promised so much .
 The trailer makes this movie look all fun and romantic and cute ... However ... This movie starts out sort of that way , but then it all becomes dark and sadistic . I would say that 75 % of the movie is dark and sadistic.SPOILER
 When I checked out this DVD the little envelope in which it came informed me that `` Mummy Maniac '' was `` based on a series of headline-grabbing 2006 murders in New York City '' by a `` crazed serial killer who encases his victims like mummies . '' So far , so good , although wrapping corpses in strips of cloth is not particularly horrific -LRB- cf. `` Dexter '' -RRB- . But then the next sentence explains that `` the killer goes on a bizarre ritualistic murder spree as forensic profilers and other law enforcement officials scramble to uncover his identity before he kills again . '' At this point you would be thinking a movie like `` Se7en '' , `` The Bone Collector , '' or your favorite episode of `` C.S.I. . '' But you would be sadly mistaken , because the only cop that shows up in this movie is the fake one that the killer pretends to be as he goes around New York City and picks up his victims.The prologue to this film is a blurry scene of a killing that makes no sense until a series of title cards inform us that when he was 15 years old Michael Savage killed his stepfather . His mother covered up the killing and the murder became cold case . Then in 2005 in Queens , New York , a man posing as a police officer abducted a college student whose body was found the next day with the head wrapped like a mummy , ergo , the `` Mummy Maniac . '' We then see the grown up Michael -LRB- Ben Stewart -RRB- , dressed up in a NYPD uniform , taking another young girl off to this little locker room where he makes her sit in a chair , questions her about her life , thinks of her being bound and naked , kills her , wraps her head up like a mummy , and then takes to it with a saw , all while his mother watches through a hole in the wall with a gilded frame around it . Not only is this what this wacko does with the first young woman , but what he does with the rest of them , over and over and over again.Sometimes Michael goes to see a psychiatrist , but that does not really get anywhere beyond the wistful acknowledgment that `` Only a very select few of us ever eventually get to become mummies . '' Michael is a baby-faced killer , which is obvious even before his mother calls him `` baby face . '' He is never really frightening , just pathetic . Michael 's relationship with his mother makes me flash back to `` Pink Flamingoes '' for reasons I do not want to get into , but it is equally pathetic . Then there are the victims , who just sit in the chair without Michael ever bothering to bind them in any way and never manage to put up anything remotely resembling a fight for their lives . Now , when the murder victims in a horror film become pathetic in the eyes of the audience that is suppose to feel for their plight , then we are really plumbing the depths in this genre.Now , this movie is written and directed by Max Nikoff , but interestingly enough although he has provided a mini-biography to the International Movie Database you will not find `` Mummy Maniac '' listed as one of his credits . In fact he has no directing credits , but he has been involved in a couple of Ulli Lommel films , which is not a good sign . When I was trying to track down information about `` Mummy Maniac '' I found that at other places the director listed is the infamous `` Alan Smithee , '' another notorious bad sign . I do not remember the last time I watched a movie that was not listed at the IMDb , but after seeing this one I can certainly understand why nobody wants it on their resume . This film lasts 81 minutes and that is only because when we get to the end credits it starts off with ... the ... slowest ... crawl ... in ... movie ... history . The cast is listed but except for Stewart 's credit at the start of the film there is no reference to who plays who . I assume Erica Kruz was Michael 's mom , but I do not know that for a fact . The crawl suddenly picks up once you get into the crew , but all of this is just another richly deserved nail in this film 's coffin.I rounded up on this movie to 1.5 stars for one reason , and that was editor Steven Meyer , not that I can find a Steven Meyer at IMDb who is listed as a film editor so maybe that name is made up too . But whoever this guy is made a valiant effort to spin this footage into something at least resembling a base metal of some sort . The story is a cycle of boring action and the cramped little locker room where the killings take place restricts camera action , so Meyer keep cutting and finding other things to do just to jazz things up , but this film just stinks . Even the trailer is boring . The DVD has trailers for other Lionsgate films , including the 1-star `` H.P. Lovecraft 's The Tomb '' and `` Zombie Nation '' by Ulli Lommel , the one director whose films make Horrorfest 's `` 8 Films 2 Die 4 '' look like absolute horror classics in comparison .
 This is possibly the most boring piece of crap movie I have ever seen . It 's about a baby-faced tub of lard who picks a series of girls up off the street , dragging them back to a little green cinderblock room where he kills them in the least convincing manner I 've ever seen , with pathetic amounts of fake gore and spectacularly unconvincing special effects , while his horribly ugly mom watches from a little window surrounded with clothespins -LRB- ?!? -RRB- . He then wraps their heads in bandages and throws their bodies in a warehouse . THERE IS NO OTHER ACTION IN THE MOVIE OTHER THAN THIS . That is all he does , over and over again . For 81 miserable minutes . THAT IS ALL THAT HAPPENS . There 's not even any good nudity.This must have been made as some sort of tax write-off . Maybe some mentally ill millionaire paid these people to make this sad waste of digital media happen . You could spend hours trying to figure out why anybody would make this piece of cinematic fecal material , but it would be as much of a waste of time as actually watching this alleged movie . Either way , watching this movie should be counted as Torture under the Third and Fourth Geneva Conventions . I heartily recommend that someone at the U.N. buy every copy of this movie as well as the original master copy , and burn them with fire . Then round up the producer/director and imprison him , her or them for life . In solitary confinement . It would be better if this movie never existed . It makes Manos
 To tell the truth , I bought this DVD because I liked the music and could n't find a decently priced CD of the soundtrack . The movie has a few good moments , but it 's hard to decide whether to root for Nathan Lane and Lee Evans , or for the mouse . A few good comedic ideas that just are n't developed very well . Worth it ONLY if you 're a hardcore fan of Nathan Lane -LRB- or Christopher Walken -RRB- .
 I recently ordered this movie , and realized it would not play in any of our DVD players . I returned the movie and asked for another . They company responded by telling me it will not run in DVD players found in the US . They told me that information was in the description for the movie on their website . I went back and looked , and the information is there . However , it was below the write-up for the movie . Pay attention if you buy anything from this site . I never knew that DVD 's could be formatted for different countries . They company would not refund any of the shipping costs , which werevmore than the movie by the end of the whole return process .
 This movie was so stupid that I only watched four times . That 's rigth I bougth the damn movie , I watched the movie four times , one was for when I bougth it , one for Christmas , one for my cousins and the other for my brother , guess what happen ? the first time was funny , second time it was to cruel for a Christmas movie -LRB- better buy Muppet Christmas Carol -RRB- , the third I was bored , the last time I saw I sweared I 'll never watched again and it is thanks to the pitiful performances of Nathane lane and his sidekick Lee Evans . The mouse was the cutest thing of the whole movie , and the music was above average by Alan Silvestri -LRB- Back To The Future , Ferngully : The Last Rainforest -RRB- but the movie and actors need more interesting dialogue , my brother almost cry because the stupid ass brothers tried to kill a cute mouse , if I 'm gon na watch black comedy , I prefer watching Death Becomes Her instead , as for the slapstick will be Flubber .
 My husband received this as a Christmas gift from someone at his work . They had a mouse loose in their office for awhile before Christmas , so it seemed an appropriate gift . We could have left it at that and it would have been such a great gift . But , we had to open it and watch it . I could barely stand to watch after about 30 - 45 minutes . The brothers inherit a house worth millions and slowly destroy the house trying to catch a mouse . The mouse was cute and you cheered for the safety of the mouse , but the constant trying to catch the mouse and destroying the house at the same time got to be too much for me . I gave the movie 2 stars because it had a couple of funny moments and it semi-redeemed itself with a cute ending . But , I will not be watching this movie again .
 I BAUGHT 2 MOVIES ON THE SAME DAY FROM THIS PLACE AND ONE WAS SENT OFF ALREADY AND IVE BEEN WAITING FOR 6 DAYS NOW FOR THEM TO SEND OFF THE OTHER ?????? Y IS IT SO HARD TO SEND 2 DIFFERENT MOVIES THAT U SELL TO ONE PLACE ????? SO BEACUSE OF THIS IM NEVER GOIN TO SHOP HERE AGAIN AND IM GOIN TO TELL EVERYONE I KNOW NOT TO GO THREW U AND ILL MAKE IT MY GOAL IN LIFE TO MAKE SURE YOUR STORE DONT GET AND BISNESS BECAUSE U DONT KNOW HOW TO KEEP THE CUSTOMER HAPPY.SO IF I WAS EVERYONE DONT BUY FROM THESE PEOPLE UNLESS U WANT UR STUFF TO SHOW UP AT UR HOUSE MONTHS AFTER U HAVE BAUGHT IT .
 My grandson & I love this movie so i purchased it for us . Was very dissapointed that the movie doesnt play . We tried it on 4 different dvd players & there is no movie . Unfortunately i didnt keep my packing slip to return it since i never considered the movie wouldnt play !! I will purchase from somewhere else
 While looking around for a video , I rented this because it looked different and cute . Too bad it was different though , because I did n't really like it as much as I thought I would -LRB- I love cute movies -RRB- . Most of the jokes are obviously meant for kids , but some of them made me laugh . The two brothers are obnoxious at times , and totally ruined the movie for me . They are just plain stupid . Sure , it 's great for laughs , but it was tiring to look at , an it was predictable humor . How many times will you laugh at brothers constantly `` accidentally '' hitting each other with whatever they find ? And why would they include the few swear words in the movie anyway ? This is a kids movie and it was n't necessary at all . Overall , I was very disappointed . Thank the cute little mouse for the 2 stars .
 While the movie had it 's funny parts , it also had it 's dry spots . The movie was good , and the idea was excellent . There were just too many spots where I actually lost IQ points for watching them .
 Mouse Hunt starts off well , but is ruined by a second half that is out of sync with the rest of the movie . Right from the start it 's obvious that Mouse Hunt is n't going to be great , however the first half is handled pretty well . But by the second half it looses it 's way and goes downhill from there on.Mouse Hunt is about two guys trying to get rid of a mouse out of a mansion . But the idea wears thin after a while and the jokes run out about halfway.Mouse Hunt has it 's moments but for the most part , it 's a bit pointless . However , kids will find it amusing .
 I WANT TO KNOW WHERE WAS THE FUNNY PARTS IN THIS MOVIE ? I SAT THERE WAITING TO LAUGH AND NOTHING . THE MOVIE STUNK . THE ONLY THING I LIKE ABOUT THE MOVIE WAS HOW CUTE THE MOUSE WAS BUT OVERALL THE MOVIE HAD NO HUMOR AT ALL . THE DIRECTORS SHOULD TRY AGAIN TO MAKE THE MOVIE BECAUSE THIS ONE DID N'T CUT IT FOR ME .
 I just rented this movie off the kids shelf at my local video store . After ten minutes of watching my child has now seen a corpse catapulted into a sewer , various acts of milder violence , and a man eat a coach roach , throw it up , his children then try to kill it , and he dies of a massive coronary . 10 MINUTES !!!! I for one will be asking the video store to move this movie , it is not appropriate for family watching.For adults it is funny in the same way the end of Monty Python 's meaning of life is . If you enjoy disturbingly dark comedy , by all means buy it .
 MOUSE HUNT is the second worst movie I have ever seen . The worse was , naturally , MARS ATTACKS . I could n't believe how awful MOUSE HUNT was . I am not a sicko . I refuse to find death funny , because it is n't . There is a scene in this movie where the mayor , a fat , lovable character , chokes on a cockroach and dies . This leaves his family - a wife and two children - mourning for him during their Christmas vacation . How is that supposed to be funny ? Two innocent kids left without a father and a woman made a widow right before Christmas . It 's not funny - it 's almiost the saddest thing I ever heard . Another piece of sick humor is the guy 's dead body being thrown into the sewer . Yet another piece of sick humor is a lovable cat being killed when a box falls ontop of him . Yet another piece of sick humor was the woman 's hair catching on fire - she could have been easily killed . All through the rest of the movie I could n't bare to watch anymore - I kept fretting over the possibility of another death which the sickos behind the movie expect innocent kids to laugh at . I find it depressing when I hear a child chuckle over a death , saying `` That 's cool '' or `` That was great . '' And Mouse Hunt certainly did a lot to create this effect . Even without the midnight black humor , the movie STILL would have been awful due to the obvious rip-off of HOME ALONE . This film depressed me for months after I saw it , and I lost my faith in movies for a long , long time .
 My children watched this video , and my yougnest began to cry . Not needed slapstick and black comedy combine to form an overall disgusting performance . there are so many good movies out there , and I do n't see how producers get away alive with these kind of videos .
 Another SLOW movie . I thought this was going to be a good one , because of Lane and Walken , and Walken was his usual psychotic self -LRB- but funny -RRB- but Lane was just plain unlikable and hostile . He does n't play that well . He plays mischevious well . He plays con artists well . He can not be downright nasty convincably . The best thing about this was n't even Walken -LRB- see my nick ? I 'm biased . -RRB- but the stupid mouse ! Save yer money ... heck , save yer library card . Stay away from this one . YAWN !
 this movie was da pits . as a 12 year old child I would say that this movie is for maybe 3 years old kids and under . A very old plot a cute trouble maker outs marting the big `` bad guys '' it was weak and I barley got through it
 This movie is on the same level as ` Mars attacks ' , ` Dead Presidents ' , and rotten banana peels , wich will hopefully be the bottom of garbage can . I did n't expect this flick to be any good , I 'm not stupid , but I am sure that seeing it one more time would be worse torture than the rack , or one of Uncle Bernie 's hugs . who but a smiling idiot like that one director what 's his face , could that chocking on half a coackroach , dead bodies falling into sewers , and the so forth etc. is funny ? I ask you this as a living being , please respect your intellegece and the intellegence of those around you !
 it was badddddddd ok i hated this movie i hate a few movies but this oooh this one 's most difficult to describe ok first the one guy gets caught by a sewing machine and he loses his clothes in a pile of strings and walks in a room with a lady sitting on in there not wearing much of ANYTHING !!! wierd then cats die and dead people get tossed around bleck worst movie ever next to hulk .
 If you find lying , abuse of a corpse , disrespectful behavior toward a dear father , eating mouse poop , a man 's clothes being pulled off , a wife who commits adultery for greed , the same wife being shown in a lingerie , People getting hurt , arrogance , pride , greed , selfishness , fighting , arguing , lust for women , hatred , a man putting his hand down the dress of a woman , and a man wearing a woman 's clothing are funny and amusing , maybe this movie is for you.There are some funny parts , but you have to sit through all the smut and garbage to get to the end . . which was the only cute -LRB- though unrealistic -RRB- part of the movie.Typical Hollywood gutter-minded mentality . If you have any respect for purity , uprightness and goodness , you will find the movie repulsive at times . They could have made the movie funny without all that other junk being mixed in .
 Wo n't play keep getting region error message ! I can switch one of my players over but what a pain !
 idioc
 This movie is grotesque and cruel . The movie is incredibly mean . -LRB- i have a soft spot for animals . -RRB- Watching a coffin fall into a sewer , look at a man throw up a cockroach , and see a sewer system explode in people 's faces is not my kind of movie . I used to cry every time the Alperts commercial -LRB- the one with the old man and the bed folding up on him -RRB- came on , so im suprised i did n't throw a fit when i saw this movie .
 My friend had been talking about this movie forever so oneday I rented it . I was vry dissappointed . It was about two brothers who own a house that is worth millions . So they spend millions renovating . One problem , there is a mouse that wont go away so they wrek the house trying to get at the mouse . This movie never got to the point , it was very boring .
 This is probably the worst movie I have ever seen . When I saw this movie in theaters in 1997 , that is what made me hate movies for more than a year after that . It was absolutely disgusting and grotesque -LRB- at the sewage pipe part -RRB- , I had to leave the theater halfway through . It has slapstick action , and it appears that men must be portrayed as idiots in the media to get noticed ! A mouse is brilliant compared to two grown men , right ? Out of five stars , Mouse Hunt deserves no more than negative three . I still do n't like movies all that much , and it 's all because of Mouse Hunt . It is the exact opposite of anything good about movies . Looney Tunes is Harvard material compared to this baloney . Avoid it at all costs !
 OH MAN I DONT KNOW WHERE TO START . WHERE THE MAN ATE THE ROACH AND THREW IT UP OR WHEN THE SEWER BLEW UP IN THEIR FACE . I SAW THIS MOVIE ONE TIME -LRB- THAT WAS WHEN I WAS AT THE MOVIES -RRB- AND NEVER WAN NA SEE IT AGAIN . THIS MOVIE IS JUST PLAIN BAD . I DONT RECCOMMEND THIS MOVIE TO ANYONE ESPECALLY TO YOUND KIDS . WHEN I SAW THIS AT THE MOVIES I SAW SOME TEENS WALKING OUT IN THE MIDDLE OF THE MOVIE COMPLAING AS THEY LEFT . GUESS WHAT THE NEVER CAME BACK . THEY DITCHED THE MOVIE . ME , MY BROTHER , AND MY MOM WANTED TO WALK OUT TOO . THAT HOW BAD THIS MOVIE IS . BUT WE RELUCATNTLY SAD THROUGH THE WHOLE THING . THIS MOVIE WAS ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING SO I CAN SEE WHY THAT PERSONS YOUNGEST CHILD WAS CRYING . -LRB- IM REFERING TO THE PERSON WHO WROTE THAT REVIEW -RRB- A PART THAT MADE ME WAN NA CRY WAS WHEN THOSE CATS WERE GETTING KILLED . THIS MOVIE IS BLACK -LRB- AS IN NO COLOR WHATSOEVER -RRB- IF U HAVENT SEEN IT YET . PLEASE DONT ! DONT ! DONT ! DO NOT ! DO NOT WASTE A PENNY OF UR CHING CHING ON THIS CRAP . I DONT KNOW WHO WROTE THIS MOVIE BUT WHOEVER DID MUST HAVE EITHER BEEN MENTALLY ILL OR JUST PLAIN DISGUSTING . TAKE MY ADVICE AND DO NOT SEE THIS MOVIE EVER -LRB- YOU WILL THANK ME LATER ! -RRB- IT WASNT FUNNY AT ALL ! IM OUT . PEACE !
 The movie MouseHunt starts with a visual tour of an old string factory . The set design is delightful . The camera work is perfect . The choreography of the workers and machines is a pleasure to watch . It bodes well , and similar scenes later in the film are also excellent , as the camera follows our hero mouse as he navigates rube-goldbergesque paths through the old house in which he lives.Unfortunately , everything else about the film is much worse . The story involves two hapless brothers , reduced to penury and near-homelessness , who discover that a decrepit house willed to them by their father is fantastically valuable . All they need to do is to make one $ 1200 mortgage payment . They decide also to kill a mouse living in the house.As a result , we get 90 minutes of humiliation and mayhem , as they are stripped naked , dropped in icy ponds , hit by busses , and totally destroy the house . I found myself wincing over and over again . The guys were simply not hateful enough to make their suffering amusing . I just wanted it to end.In the end , thanks to a deus ex machina , things turn out a little better for them , but by then the damage has been done.Much of the movie might be amusing to a ten - or twelve-year-old , who would take it as a live action cartoon . However , the opening scenes prominently feature corpse abuse , and later development include discussions of kinky sex , and other things you may not want to share with your pre-teen . Two stars rather than one because many of the visuals were excellent .
 After two hours of watching it , I still do n't know what it was about . Yes , the scenery is fantastic , but a National Geographic film would have done more.I applaud the acting of Milla Jovovich , and Nastassja Kinski . But , the kudos reviewers have given to Peter Mullen would have been better deserved if this were a silent movie . I hardly heard anything he said and there are no English subtitles offered on the dvd . As for Wes Bentley , that 's acting ? He kept the same expression when he was having sex as when he was having a gun pointed at him , or a co-worker being blown to `` Kingdom Come '' -LRB- that 's a pun based on the movie -RRB- . He makes Clint Eastwood look like Laurence Olivier.The film is supposedly based on a Thomas Hardy book , but very loosely based , and the scriptwriters should have at least used Cliff Notes to have learned more about the story and the character development . They obviously fell asleep after the first couple of chapters and made up the rest .
 Thankfully , it 's only 2 hours -LRB- as opposed to typical epic movie durations -RRB- . When will Hollywood and movie critics realize that a movie is n't very satisfying if it has only one dimentional characters ? No amount of scenery or historical reference will change that . I bought this video because of the positive reviews on the cover
 I really tried to enjoy this film , but what a bore ! Ebert & Roeper must have been held at gunpoint to rate this as `` Two Thumbs Up . '' Not even Milla and Nastassja could save this movie . Do n't even waste your time watching this flick and awaiting the `` shocking connection to Dillon ... one that could devastate his town , his life and his empire . '' Anyone could see it coming a mile away , and even so , who cares ? Certainly not the townspeople . Not for a moment did this script or the characters hold my interest . Everyone was underdeveloped . Milla looked tired and sweaty , and she annoyed the heck out of me with her awful singing . Nastassja was on her death bed throughout the movie , and so I could n't even appreciate her beauty and talent , and her daughter , Sarah Polley , could n't stop saying `` thank you . `` Though the film had beautiful photography I could n't help but wonder , what was the purpose of some shots being out of focus ? It was a distraction more than anything else , because it most certainly did not lend to the mood . I 'm keeping this only because of Natassja , and even so , I wo n't be viewing this again for a long time .
 This is a bloated pompous mess of a movie that looks really good and wants to be good , but can not be . The editing is mostly to blame . It jumps around from time period to time period without much warning and then there are the events in the movie that make little sense . For example , why does a fully furnished house moved into place by men and horses , not have broken dishes , crockery , paintings on the floor , etc. ? Instead everything is perfect when the actors step inside . And why is a train circa 1930 's running around in 1900 California ? And how on God 's green Earth could someone be buried six feet under when there is a good two feet of snow on the ground -LRB- anyone who lives in a snowbound area knows this is impossible -RRB- ? Wes Bentley is n't so much acting as just saying lines . The one thing this movie had in its favor is that none of the actors had straight teeth - and that would be fitting for the era ...
 Sytle over substance in this bleak , dreary , cimino-lookalike . The characters faded into obscurity as the director attempts to make his film more than it is . He absolutely aims for EPIC when his screenplay and characters are not up to the task . I gave it two stars for wardrobe and cinematic audacity . There were great sweeping scenes of mountains , snow , barroom burlesque , fires , railroads , but little in the way of an engaging plot.Other reviewers have given the basics of the plot and setting , so I wo n't repeat that information here . Suffice it to say that as this film dragged on , I eagerly anticipated the ending , not because I was curious about the outcome , but because I was weary .
 Movie Summary
 This blew . I got suckered by the blurbs on the front of the box . I do n't see how Siskel and Ebert gave this movie two thumbs up . The story is bleak and depressing . Not a single character is likeable . They 're all antagonists . Anyhow , watching this movie is a major waste of time .
 Is this what we have sunk to ? I find it unbelieveable that critics of Ebert and Roeper 's calibre give this movie a good review . I do n't know what depressed me more - the content -LRB- the guy who has a prostitute for every town he visits is our `` romantic hero '' -RRB- or the acting -LRB- OK folks , we can see that you can do `` dead pan '' - is n't there anything else you learned in acting school ? -RRB- There is a huge fire in the movie which could be construed as being a desperate attempt to bring some fire to dull , lifeless characters who adorn a dull , lifeless movie .
 I 'm sorry to say , but it 's the most boring movie I 've seen so far this year . NOTE
 It 's hard to add more to what has been said in the other reviews but with the powerful story of the `` Mayor of Casterbridge '' to `` inspire '' it , and a strong director and cast , how did it go SO wrong ? Editing mostly I 'd say , I asked myself halfway through `` where 's the plot ? '' and did n't even realize it was borrowing from Thomas Hardy till about the three-quarter point . Confusing , un-coordinated and a huge waste of time . Yes , dammit , it WAS boring ! Hey , but those two Portugese songs were good ; I do n't think the singer got credited .
 It may be harsh to say that Michael Winterbottom is one of the most consistently bad directors working today , but his emphasis on often counterproductive technique at the expense of story or character has resulted in an almost unbroken run of poor films from promising material - which in many ways is far worse than making bad films out of videogames . Ever the alchemist , once again he manages to turn gold into base metal with The Claim , a fairly lavish version of Thomas Hardy 's The Mayor of Casterbridge relocated to the California mountains during the Gold Rush . While the basic story transposes rather well - a down on his luck prospector who sold his wife and child for a gold claim and rose to rule the town that grew up around it finds himself on the road to destruction when they reappear and he attempts to make amends - it 's little more than an underdeveloped skeletal outline that never grips , feeling less an attempt at subtlety , more underwritten.While it throws out the complexity of the source material , there 's enough left here that could have made a good adult Western drama in other hands , especially in the neat turn around from genre tradition that sees Peter Mullan 's all-powerful Mayor of Kingdom Come trying to persuade Wes Bentley 's surveyor to drive the railroad through his town to ensure its growth . Yet it never gets to the heart of the story , playing the big scenes for less than they 're worth -LRB- hard to believe any director could botch a scene of Mullan harnessing the whole town to manhaul his marital home across the snow and into the heart of town , but Winterbottom manages it -RRB- and constantly pushing characters and story into the background without ever placing anything in the foreground to compensate . Worse , no present-day action in the film has any real consequence , which is fairly disastrous for a morality play about consequences . It 's the kind of film where people get killed and their death makes no impression on the emotions or actions of anyone around them leaving a dreary , inconsequential film with no drive.Rather than story or character , Winterbottom seems interested in recreating the world of McCabe and Mrs Miller , but he 's taken all the worst of Altman without any of the best . There may be an occasional improvised feel , but it 's rarely harnessed to the film 's benefit , feeling like undisciplined self-indulgence and all too symptomatic of the way that far too much of the film is played out of focus , both metaphorically and literally . Indeed , it often feels like a film whose few strengths have little to do with the director . Peter Mullan is superb as the Mayor , convincingly essaying the kind of man who can rule an entire town by sheer force of will alone , but while you understand his emptiness , the film never allows you to feel for it , leaving the finale a rather empty spectacle rather than genuine tragedy . If anything , the film 's tragedy is that Mullan did n't get a film worthy of his performance . Unfortunately the supporting performances are rather dull and characterless
 I had at least decent hopes for this film considering Milla Jovovich is in it . I love her albums and her singing in this movie is wonderful . Unfortunately her performance ca n't even help the lackluster performances of the other actors and the lack of atmosphere in the movie . This was a great idea but just so poorly executed . I was so bored I could n't even finish watching it . The plot has some interesting twists and turns and I think that had there been some changes in the cast and the director this could have been a great film .
 Hide the razor blades and lay in a big supply of Prozac before attempting to watch this long , dull and dismal western . Normally I like deep and psychologically challenging films , but this one just tries too hard to peg the `` film-snob meter '' . I never really found myself caring for any of the characters . Sarah Polley 's character is annoyingly undeveloped , coming off as innocent and naive in the first half of the film and then suddenly out of the blue -LRB- boom ! -RRB- she is an aspiring actress and is singing in a bar ?!? Wes Bentley looks exactly like he is - a young actor in a fake beard trying to play someone older and more mature . And Winterbottom 's direction is intensely bland , looking like he must have attended the Clint Eastwood school of uninspired filmmaking . No wonder this film sank out of sight after its release .
 The Claim purports to be an adaptation of Thomas Hardy 's classic novel , The Mayor of Casterbridge transplanted to the Old West . The producers clearly wanted The Claim to be accepted as a literate Western and it is clear that the critics fell for it . However , as anyone who has read the original Hardy novel can tell you , the movie fails as a Hardy adaptation . Meanwhile , any fan of movie westerns can tell you that The Claim is a failure in that department as well.The Claim begins in 1869 where Daniel Dillon -LRB- Peter Mullan -RRB- lords supreme over his company town . His gold mining company is a topflight operation . Dillon is easily one of the most admired men in California , if not in the nation . However , Dillon is not a terribly happy man . Deep down , he broods over a dark secret that , if exposed , could lead to the destruction of his reputation.You see , the gold claim was originally made by another man , but Dillon sold his wife and daughter to the original claimant in exchange for the claim . The prospector thereupon took both wife and child to Boston and raised the family there . Meanwhile , Dillon ruthlessly exploited the gold claim to become one of the richest men in all of California . Needless to say , if it became public knowldege that Dillon 's success was based on the sale of human beings , that would be nothing short of disastrous.Matters are brought to a head when his wife -LRB- Nastassja Kinski -RRB- , daughter -LRB- Milla Jovovich -RRB- and his wife 's subsequent daughter with the other man -LRB- Sarah Polley -RRB- show up in town and request that he take them in as his family . Just when you think that things are going to get interesting , the rug is pulled out from the audience 's feet when it is revealed that Dillon conveniently never married after making his dirty deal . This enabled him to marry his ex-wife without never having to publically admit that they were previously married or what happened to that union . This effectively removed all dramatic tension and helped make The Claim a colossal bore .
 Perhaps the most perplexing failure of a movie I 've ever suffered because the movie 's plot is highly compelling but the execution -- cold characters , confusing shots , absence of tone and soul -- result in an empty melodrama . Never have I been so removed from characters in a story as noble as this one . The consequence was great irritation and befuddlement .
 I got this DVD because of the great reviewers comments on the cover . My problem was that I could not understand what many of the actors were saying . There were no English subtitles available so I tried French , which I do read a little . This kept me so busy , translating , though , that I gave up after about 40 minutes.I think that if it had looked more interesting I might have kept at it , but it did n't . The director was going for `` bleak '' it seems and he got it . Sarah Polley who seemed to be a lead actor in the beginning was so pale and her voice was so blah that I had a hard time watching her . The young male lead was equally uninteresting . The older man -LRB- Peter Mullan ? -RRB- and Mila Jovavich were much livelier , but it still was n't enough for me . The scenery was beautiful , but as another reviewer wrote , you could get that in The National Geographic . When a particularly spectacular snowy scene was shown , the music amped up as if to tell you that this was really a spectacular scene ! The scenes in the bar and brothel were repetitions of many other Old West films . All of this was done sooo much better in McCabe and Mrs. Miler!The plot sounds interesting which makes sense since it 's based on a novel by Thomas Hardy . Maybe if your hearing is better than mine or if you can lipread , read Spanish or French subtitles , you 'll enjoy it . Maybe not .
 I just felt bored . I was looking for a promising story about the american gold rush - and so I got to this film . I really love movies and I must say that watching this movie just was a waste of time . Nothing really works . The story could have been of some interest . But neither the director nor the really poor cast could transform the drama into the necessary dimension . There is not one character you care about . Well , there is a lot of just white landscape . You can do not much with that setting concerning outdoor shots . But if the camerawork would have been a bit more inventing , the whole thing could have been more interesting . I do n't think that static shots have to underline stagnation in the character development . It might be that the movie works better in a theater , but for home entertainment on DVD it offers nothing of inerest . The sound design works well , but that 's it .
 Good heavens , is this film boring . Long , meandering , poorly edited , well-shot , and generally well-acted -LRB- with the exception of Milla Jovovich ... this film is at least noteworthy for highlighting her lack of charisma and acting talent in a stunningly effective manner -RRB- . This film , a `` mood piece '' ? Perhaps , if that translates in English to `` we forgot to include an actual story/film somewhere in all of this footage we spent our energies on '' . An overrated snoozefest .
 The ClaimDirector Michael WinterbottomProducer Andrew EatonWriter Frank Cottrell BoyceMusic Michael NymanPhotography Alwyn H KuchlerStarring Peter Mullen , Natassja Kinski , Milla Jovovitch , Wes Bentley , Sarah Polly , Sean McGinleyThe big American story is that in 1776 courageous American settlers fought for freedom and democracy against British monarchical tyranny . This story is reinforced again and again on the big screen . The story of The West is one that is used most often to illuminate the fight for these essentially admirable ideals . The small American story however , the one often hidden from historical view , is the one that injects a little reality into this interpretation of the American way of freedom and democracy by revealing what really inspired the revolution and made America the country it is . In cinematic terms , The Claim is one of those small stories that expresses much about the American economic mentality . `` Everything has a price '' says the film publicity . That tagline defines not only the action of this story but a whole social context , where the driving force behind the society , the main preoccupation of its citizens , is self-interest , and society itself morally bankrupt.Of course , the story could be set anywhere , its inspiration is credited to Thomas Hardy 's Mayor of Casterbridge set in the small , rural backwaters of 19th century England . However , excessive materialism in this setting is not to be equated with the general nature of society . The story of a man selling his wife and daughter to finance his own ambitions is such an outrage because it is related to a society with some moral credibility . But in the 1840s California , in an era of frenzied gold prospecting where `` everything has a price '' and economic success is everything , the moral effect of such a story is of a different nature . This is the setting for The Claim.So , it is not surprising that The Claim is an essentially English enterprise . Setting the Hardy story amidst the relatively uncivilised landscape of the Sierra Nevada , in a thin society set up by invading hoards of the self interested , ruthless and ambitious representatives of unfettered capitalism , Michael Winterbottom , the film 's young English director , and writer Frank Boyce have , with a measure of cynicism , advanced a new moral context for the original story.Twenty years after the mad rush for gold Daniel Dillon -LRB- Peter Mullen -RRB- is king of Kingdom Come , a town built on gold . Dillon owns everything of value , the bank , the mine , the hotel , the liquor store and his affectionate association with the exotic brothel owner Lucia -LRB- Milla Jovovich -RRB- affirms his control of every aspect of town life . However , his success was financed and made possible only by an apparent act of moral depravity many years before.The arrival of three strangers disturbs his contentment and threatens his success . Two women , the young and beautiful Hope -LRB- Sarah Polley -RRB- and the ailing Elena -LRB- Natassja Kinski -RRB- possess the secret of his potential downfall . The other stranger , Mr Dalglish -LRB- Wes Bentley -RRB- , a railway surveyor , represents a purely economic danger to Kingdom Come.Yet , this `` moral '' tale has , ultimately , limited effect because here is a society where depravity is the norm . So , the film 's weakness is based on an irony . The more accurate it is at depicting a morally uncharted land , a wilderness of brutality where a civilised social contract is barely recognisable - and here the film is excellent - , the less an immoral act is reprehensible . .
 This film ` left me cold ' in several ways . Character development was weak -- with so very many opportunities to enrich their roles and relationships . Likewise , numerous storylines never fully developed , resulting in fragmented and disjointed scenes that were somewhere between boring and downright confusing . Some secondary characters were more developed than the apparent primary roles . The final scene -LRB- s -RRB- of the movie would have been better placed at the beginning of the film . I found the saloon scenes the most developed , where the characters were given rare opportunity to portray emotions , and character relationships were more evident . Brothel sex scenes came across as , `` we 'll insert sex scenes in here because it 's a movie seller . '' Very , very disappointing overall ...
 This is the first Troma film I have ever watched and I couldnt decide which one to buy first this or Toxic Avenger or Class of Nuke'em High and so I read peoples reviews and saying this is one of Tromas best well for me this was just stupid and I know troma films are best known for there low budget and kinda crazy but wow really this was so bad and now I do n't want to see the rest of them .
 First I 'm going to start off by saying that the movie was really great . It 's campy humor that you ca n't help but enjoy . Which is why I was disapointed with this soundtrack . Half the bands are talentless , and I mean they 're real bad . But what surprised me was how there are some great bands on here too and most of their songs are n't even that good . Sublime , for example , is one of my favorite bands , but their song on here is just terrible . The only good song on this album is the song `` sacrifice '' by Motorhead . Sacrifice is a really fantastic song and is the only reason I did n't give this album 1 star . Overall do n't would n't waste your time on the soundtrack , but the movie is a must-see
 I was extremely disappointed with the fact the movie did not run at all after 27 minutes and I kept getting streaming error . I never had such issues with Netflix streaming
 Troma . To me the name means nudity , gore , nudity , hilariously bad movies , sex and nudity . Tromeo and Juliet , fom what i heard was supposed to be an excellent troma movie , but it was ` t. the film has parts where it trys to be serious , such as reciting shakespeares words verbatim . You sit there and wait for tromeo to say something funny in the middle of the line , but he does n't . This would be fine if the rest of the movie were n't so raunchy and humorously bad . There is n't a flow , it should have been made into a good movie or a b movie not a mixture . Also there is not a ton of nudity , one main reason people watch troma . However , There are a few Sweater Zepplins for those looking for boobage . There is a lot of violence and it is way over the top . Also there is a penis monster . All in all the movie has some very funny parts but they are some what spaced out and in between these the movies becomes to serious for it 's own good . THis is 3 stars by troma standards . If you like normal , main stream , movies its about 1 star .
 This movie was absolutely horrid . It was one of the least funny `` comedies '' I have seen , one of the least clever parodies I have seen , and the most forcedly `` shocking '' movie I have seen . If you want to see a good Troma movie , see Sgt. Kabukiman . If you want to see a good satire , see a Trey Parker movie . You should watch this one only if you enjoy being incredibly bored .
 Unless You Have Nothing Better To Do ... You May Watch This Movie . This Movie Is The Most Dreadful Movie I Have Ever Watched . The Director Must Have Been Taking Drugs , Because He Obviously Was n't Aware To What He was Doing . I Recommend Going To The Dentist Before Watching This movie ... . It May Actually Improve The Watching Experience !!!
 Unless you like Troma -LRB- and I ca n't see how -RRB- , you will absolutely abhor this piece of ... . Sh $ t.Bad acting , Bad Humor , VERY Bad Movie . DO NOT SEE THIS !!! What 's even worse , I go to the same high school as the co-writer of this trash .
 Is this movie a homemade movie ? I absolutely regret buying this movie . If there is anyone considering to buy this movie , I suggest you rent the movie from your nearest video rent shop and see the movie first . I find it very difficult to even give one star .
 the movie was a little coffy it took romeo and juliet in put into a funny but much different way
 Two movies-in-one here . Evil Maker 1 and 2 gives us a hodge podge of ebb and flow ; the fist one is about a group of friends -LRB- all girls -RRB- that go on a road trip and end up at a house where evil dwells -LRB- oops , that 's a title to a different movie -RRB- ; the movie bogs down with the obligatory last-act-of-the-movie-first scenario that tells us ... nothing ... and the movie is about thirty minutes too long at getting to the conclusion , which involves a confusing plot twist and an equally confusion murderous response . eh ... okay b-horror with pizza and beer.The sequel sort of rearranges the storyline from the first film and becomes even more confusing ... or maybe it 's just confused all on its own ... than ever . The sequel is not even good b-horror , but after a few beers you wo n't care .
 Okay , if you include this with 49 other movies for around $ 20 as I had , you may be incensed by epics such as this . However , if you actually purchase it on its own , you should be asking yourself just WHO are these people that are allowed to sell camera equipment to just about anyone . FORGET about gun laws ... get an I.D. check on these people.Oh well , maybe all this explains Obama ... By the by , if you DO happen to be of masochistic yearning , this movie actually does have a sequel equally effective in inducing in most viewers dull mouth-dropping experience . I understand one can recreate the effect of absinthe by watching both serially , but might I suggest one not do so without the use of a lobster bib unto which to drool.GO RED SOX !!!
 This movie was unforgivably bad in every category . I tend to be a very big fan of low budget horror , but essential elements must be present regarless of the budget , such as acting quality , plot , dialogue , camera work , etc. . This one had none of that . The acting was absolutely absurd . I particularly enjoy the horror/comedy hybrid genre , but I immediately lose interest when that line is crossed into puerily sophomoric comedy . I 've seen a lot of low budget comedy/horrors that do this , and present characters so exaggeratedly comical that they quickly become grating to watch . That is exactly the case here . A group of sorority girls play the valley-girl type , and pretend to be so incredibly moronic with pathetic dialogue that it just becomes overly annoying and unwatchable . If you look at my other reviews , you 'll see that I tend to have a very liberal definition of what qualifies as an enjoyable flick , but trust me when I say to run away from this one .
 Most of the reviews for this trash are FAKE . Just look at their profiles to see the similarities . This ` movie ' is one of the WORST , most BORING so-called ` horror movies ' EVER ! It 's not even bad in a good way . It 's just a bunch of idiots sitting around talking about stupid stuff and every 15 minutes there is a super lame ` horror ' scene . Created just to rip off horror fans -LRB- like everything else from the charlatan director -RRB- . Avoid like the plague . Your time is more valuable than this movie deserves .
 Fox continues to release the Temple films without any real extras ; this one appears to be no exception . According to the Fox press release , this film underwent a restoration . The video is pleasing enough as well as the audio . As a departure from the other releases in this series , there is NO colorized version to choose from here . For film buffs , this is a plus ! `` Young People '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- Story
 they are not colorized like the previous releases in this collection . we only have black & white . very upsetting !!!!!!! do n't waste your money unless you just ca n't live without shirley temple .
 I have a beautiful videotape of Stowaway and Wee Willie Winkie but this DVD is black and white . How disappointing . What happened to the colorizing ?
 I 've bought every Shirley Collection Vol . 1-5 so far up until this one . I will NOT buy this current Vol . 6 because it 's NOT COLORIZED !!! I would only buy this if it were in it 's beautiful color version the way the previous releases were . All of the previous color versions have looked great and I was looking forward to completing my COLOR Shirley collection , but Fox has pulled the color rug from under me , releasing now only the b/w drab dull and extremely dated looking Shirleys . Without the color Shirley Fox is going to be without my green .
 This DVD does not work in our region.Why would you send a DVD to me in AUSTRALIA that is coded for USA ???????????
 Well I was watching this movie while I was taking therapy , and instead of getting better I felt like I was getting tortured . The plot is just so un original , and the acting is just crap . The movie was increadibly boring , and you knew what was going to happen . On the positive side it looks good , but thats about it .
 I live in Australia and this does n't work on my playstation 3 , should have read the description more carefully . But seriously why ca n't blu ray be more like hd dvd and be region free it is just stupid , how can you call yourself a next generation medium when it still has the same annoying problems as it 's previous medium . As well as hd dvd looks way sharper , in closing blu ray sucks balls ! Love this movie though
 A few unamazing camera tricks aside , there was n't much about this movie worth boasting . The story meandered , the sound guy should have been fired , the furry BIGfoot costumes were unconvincing , the slice and dice editing was unimaginative ... . This is a movie that would have had an uphill battle just to place as average . That it does n't make that distinction is obvious at the outset . The story was `` borrowed '' from a b-zillion other movies of its ilk
 I was seriously disappointed in this movie.It does n't even deserve the title `` Boggy Creek '' !!! Folks , do n't waste your money or your time with this one .
 This movie is terrible ! It is the second worst film I have ever seen -LRB- first being The Dead Matter - do n't bother looking it up -RRB- and I pride myself on the number of Sci-Fi originals I have watched . At least sci-fi knows better than to take itself seriously ! The dialogue is awful and the acting is even worse . You ca n't sympathize for a single character . The story attempts to make the viewer feel for the lead actress because her father died and she does n't get along with her mother . B **** , you are not 15 anymore , get over your parental issues . The whole this is just a god awful train wreak . Lovers of gore will be disappointed , as will lovers of decent acting/plot/monster effects/nudity/shock value/not wasting their time . I implore you , do not watch this rubbish .
 I 'm a bit of a bigfoot enthusiast ... so it is n't difficult to capture my interest ... but this film borrows it 's title from a relatively interesting film ; &#34; The Legend of Boggy Creek &#34; -LRB- Arkansas -RRB- ... uses Big Boggy Creek -LRB- Texas -RRB- as it 's setting and provides a thoroughly stilted , boring story of killer sasquatch mating with human females . Poorly acted ... poorly filmed and provides little background information or realistic response from local law enforcement regarding multiple homicides . I 'd give this a Bigfoots Thumb Down !
 Nothing like the old one . Do n't watch it !!!!! Nothing like the old one . Do n't watch it !!!!! Nothing like the old one . Do n't watch it !!!!! Nothing like the old one . Do n't watch it !!!!! Nothing like the old one . Do n't watch it !!!!!
 Some bad movies at least give you a laugh , this one just makes you mad for wasting your money.Terrible ... save your money .
 did not care for it . infact i have sold it since i got it . not much action in the movie whatsoever .
 Despite all the negative reviews , I really wanted to like this movie . I was much encouraged when the film began with the very cool clips and shots of the bigfoot through the opening credits . I thought that was fantastic , and I got excited about the film . But once we get through the initial set-up killing this thing dives to a slow , slow , SLOW crawl wherein I guess we 're supposed to learn about our characters.I did n't really learn anything and I did n't really like any of the characters . In fact , I hated the lead actress who I thought was horrible . The best friend was okay , at best , and the other couple were there to supply the beefcake and cheesecake , as both were very attractive but otherwise added nothing to the film . The only one of the main cast I really liked was the best friend 's boyfriend . The rest ranged from dull to terrible ... and most of them could n't act . The local sheriff and his weak-stomached deputy are the best characters in the film ... too bad we do n't see them for more than a couple minutes . They are pretty much throw-aways . The brooding guy next door was n't very good and needed to speak the hell up and stop mumbling -LRB- a HUGE problem with this movie -- most of the actors mumble and whisper their way through it so that you miss a BIG chunk of dialogue -RRB- . And that 's about it for the characters here , except for some flashbacks of the main girl 's childhood with her doting father and miserable mother . So of the lot I found only three characters I liked -- the best friend 's boyfriend and the sheriff and deputy , and not one of them had an awful lot to say or do.And for the first hour nothing happens . I mean NOTHING happens . I think there is a glimpse or two of the monster , but otherwise all we get is a whole lot of REALLY dull scenes of our dull and unlikeable group mumbling and whispering and acting badly . There 's a little t & a ; and sixpack abs I guess to tease and tantalize , but that was n't nearly enough to pump life into this dull , plodding thing . The one bright spot is the outdoor scenery , which is breathtaking shots of the swamps and bayou , and is probably the best scenery in any bigfoot film I 've ever seen -LRB- and I 'm a HUGE bigfoot film geek -RRB- . Was a nice change of pace from the usual , standard forests.Eventually our gang goes on a camping trip into the swamp for some reason -- I guess the nice cabin was too good for them ? In any event , once out there they are quickly dispatched by the bigfoot . And I mean QUICKLY . After all the long , dull , tedious buildup , the monster takes center stage and slaughters half of the group and chases the other half off into the murky swamps where they also meet their unspeakable fates quickly . We get one final scene that while not a surprise , was a nice touch -- probably the best scene in the whole movie -- and then its over and no one cares . The end.Sigh . What a disappointment . This could have been a great bigfoot movie . One of the best , maybe . The scenery was spectacular and the monster makeup was top-notch , going more in the wildman direction than the typical big ape design . I really liked it a lot . With a better -LRB- less DULL -RRB- script wherein something actually HAPPENS in the first hour , and the sheriff and deputy have some real part to play , I could have even forgiven the bad acting by the rest of the players . Oh , and if the sound had been better so that you could actually HEAR the dialogue -LRB- and the music was just AWFUL , too -RRB- . So I guess if you are a bigfoot fan then this is worth a look . But if you are seeking a good horror film just keep moving , as this has none of the typical nudity , excessive gore -LRB- there 's some -RRB- , or suspense of your typical horror flick . I give it two stars for the bigfoot makeup and bayou scenery . Beyond that , most everything else is unfortunately pretty forgettable .
 We get some sporadic Boggy Creek `` Big Foot '' type scenes and some killing/blood stuff then we head into the meat of the film . Jen -LRB- Melissa Carnell -RRB- has some personal issues and wants to get away to a remote family cabin in the location of questionable monsters . She invites her bff Maya -LRB- Shavon Kirksey -RRB- to come along with her . Maya in turn invites David -LRB- Damon Lipari -RRB- an intelligent guy , a hottie who also has issues . Maya thinks Jen and David can `` hook up . '' David in turn brings his girl friend Brooke -LRB- Stephanie Honore -RRB- who is our spoiled city girl . While they are in the cabin , Maya 's boyfriend Tommy -LRB- Texas Battle -RRB- stops by so we can have someone drop a few f-bombs . Dustin -LRB- Cory Hart -RRB- is the neighbor with a shotgun who lost his wife to `` that thing '' while skinny dipping in the swamp.The music for the opening jog scene with Jen ran way too long . I thought this was one of those movies that was trying to promote a band . The porch scene had a weird raining/buzzing sound in the background . It was very distracting . Retakes cost money , besides ... who will notice?Eventually the kids go camping and you can figure out the rest . The film spent too much time prior to the camping scene . They should have extended the final killing scenes and cut short the rest of the film . I felt I was watching a movie made by someone who has heard what horror films are about , but has never seen one . Do n't waste your money.Parental Guide
 This movie was at best a waste of time . I enjoy `` B '' rated movies but this was n't even a `` C '' . I should have rented it before purchasing it .
 You know the so bad they 're good flicks ... this ai n't one of em . I wasted 10 bucks on this crapfest . Should have known better but hey I rolled the dice and came up short . This flick is terrible . I have n't been this bored and done so many face palms since I struggled through Zombie Lake . I really wanted Boggy Creek to be good because I 'm interested in the source material . I beg all those looking for a waste of money too look elsewhere . This dvd is only good for a table coaster . It 's bad , really really bad .
 Teenage girls bond , giggle , gossip , and get chased by a swamp monster . It sullies the good name of Boggy Creek .
 Horror movies , by definition , are supposed to be horrifying . But Boggy Creek takes a different approach . It decides , for most of its running time , to be simply boring.The movie opens with an arresting sequence involving a young woman fleeing from her life from unknown `` thing '' in the woods . It 's a good start , but the filmmakers squander any suspense they might have created by ending this sequence very abruptly when they should have milked it for all it was worth.Then we meet a couple of local cops . From their first scene , it seems like they might become prominent characters in the story , but no , all they really do for the rest of the movie is turn up every half hour or so , stand over a mutilated body and look grim . Oh , and the younger of the two throws up every time he sees blood . -LRB- Memo
 It 's not even worth one star ... One of the worse movies ever . . I bought it because I thought it would be like the first Boggy Creek . but this was a waste of money . It has some ugly talking . Everyone gets killed that is staying in the cabins . At the end the woods are full of creatures . . Believe me choose something else to spend your money on . .
 Boggy Creek -LRB- 2010 -RRB- is just another bigoted film which serves only to perpetuate the myth of a bigfoot who are nothing but monstrous , bloodthirsty man-eaters . The true nature of the bigfoot could be nothing further from what is portrayed in this film . There are no confirmed cases , anywhere in the world , of bigfoot exhibiting violence toward humans , let alone abducting and/or sexually abusing them . Films like this are what keeps kids indoors these days , afraid of nature , enamored instead with virtual television based worlds . A gentle spirit of the forest , the primate love of natural beauty incarnate ; this is the bigfoot I understand . Watching this film is your choice , though I can not recommend it - all I ask is that you at least look into the reality of the bigfoot for yourself , because what you will find is something infinitely more beautiful than anything a hack director could ever put on film.It 's just that bad .
 i bought boggy creek save your money this movie is bad the acting is bad the movie is scary the story makes no scents so dont buy this movie save your money .
 There have been some bad horror movies with bigfoot in them . Some were bad in a good way that somehow makes them worth watching . This film is not one of that kind . It is the kind of bad that can sour a person on the whole subject . The acting was bad and the plot was worse . There is no way I can imagine someone reading the script for this film and thinking it should be made . Either they lost something due to budget or it was intended to rip-off people who would think it might be fun -LRB- in that good bad way -RRB- like the original Boggy Creek . I 'm thinkng it is more of a rip-off . Rent it cheap if you think I might be wrong . You 'll regret the lost time and the cheap rental fee , but at least you will save a bit compared to owning it . Better yet , avoid it .
 As a horror buff and a fan of the Bigfoot movies . . I found this underwhelming and detached from the original film -LRB- this film claims no affiliation with the prior BC films -RRB- . Filmed in Uncertain , Tx it has a great location since that area is known for many sightings and folklore . Since most Bigfoot movies are campy at best this one falls both short of comedic and horror value.Eduardo Sanchez -LRB- Blair Witch fame -RRB- has a new new Bigfoot movie titled EXIST which is backed by a major studio and for once the creatures suit will be done properly and played more for legit scares than comedic value . Until then stay far away from this release as possible . . horrid at best . . ** Do yourself a favor and purchase the awesome new book from Lyle Blackburn titled `` The Beast Of Boggy Creek '' which focuses on the creature from Fouke , Arkansas . . **
 Ah , the late 80 's / early 90 's and the suspense genre of films . So cheesy , horribly dated and laughably poor from an acting perspective that many of these movies are barely watchable in this day and age , such as this one titled Pacific Heights.I got no entertainment whatsoever out of this film . The bad guy that lives in the apartment stirs up more trouble than simply paying his rent - he 's looking for blood . Who 's blood ? Why , the same people firmly and persistently asking for his rent money of course ! The landlords ! Oh , and in order to keep an exaggerated storyline flowing guess what the police do when they 're brought to the scene ? They DO N'T question the fact that the bad guy -LRB- played by Michael Keaton -RRB- changed the locks on his apartment door which is an important and suspicious piece of information , and instead the cops choose to point the blame at the victim who just happened to wake up in a bad mood that day and could n't keep his emotions in check -LRB- and he was n't even * that * rowdy , really -RRB- . Michael Keaton is n't intimidating in his role because he resembles many other late 80 's actors that try to be big and big but completely miss the mark , Melanie Griffith is extraordinarily phony in her performance and overdramatizes just about every single line she says , and the actual suspense was probably noticeable and believable back in the early 90 's but now Pacific Heights has become an unintentional comedy .
 Here 's the thing ; a thriller , in order to be effective , needs to make sense . You ca n't have a film that borders on the ridiculous , or in this case just jumps right in , expect to attain any respect and it certainly ca n't expect to deliver on its promise . That is where ` Pacific Heights ' went wrong . It lacks believability and it dives headfirst into stupidity.And before you start griping that slasher flicks are n't ` smart ' either , I will be quick to point out that they are different animals altogether . ` Pacific Heights ' is not a horror movie , it is a thriller . Thriller 's need to operate with a sense of realism in order to thrill because the audience has to believe that they could be in a similar situation . Horror movies are made to tamper with unrealities.The general concept of ` Pacific Heights ' is believable . You have a young couple , Patty and Drake , who buy a beautiful Victorian home and pour in their savings to fix it up and rent out two apartments . Unlucky for them , they rent one of the apartments out to Carter Hayes , a psychopath who is bent on destroying their home , forcing them into foreclosure and getting his hands on their property . It 's what he does for a living . He 's good at it . Sadly , the law protects creeps who understand how to manipulate things in their favor , and Carter Hayes is a very good manipulator -LRB- and antagonist -RRB- . This could happen.Where ` Pacific Heights ' losing steam is in the construction of scenes , the final chapter of plot progression and the horrendous performances that degrade any tension in the film . First of all , director John Schlesinger is so clich&eacute;d in his direction that everything lacks true depth of fear . The spaces are creepy , but they are repeated too often . His idea of thrills are cheap and he does n't possess any range , limiting his bag of tricks to the predictable . The twist at the end -LRB- cat and mouse -RRB- comes off cheesy and unrealistic by a large margin -LRB- poor helpless Patty is now a master-spy ? -RRB- and it derails any faux chills that the film mustered up until that point . The biggest pitfall though , is the acting . Melanie Griffith comes off like she 's trying too hard to act ; her performance resembling a high school play . She emotes without any real passion and fizzles mid-sentence at times . Michael Keaton is just creepy , but not in an inspired way . He has played multiple variations of this character before , mainly because his face carries this air of unease -LRB- he 's kind of scary looking -RRB- , but this performance is just lazy . He does n't do anything to spice things up . The worst player , by a country mile , is Matthew Modine . He is just atrocious . Part of that is due to the fact that his character is a mess . The script does him no favors . He just comes off as a hotheaded four-year-old , unable to act like a man and deal with a situation properly . He shoots himself in the foot every chance he gets , but Modine is just not convincing . He spews vulgarities and throws his arms around and pouts and yells and just looks ridiculous.At the end of the day , this film was awful .
 Can someone please use a little bit of grammar when critiquing a movie ? It 's quite simple really , take out a dictionary , use a guide or do some spell checking before putting in your two cents to the rest of the world . At least it will benefit the young people who may be reading these reviews and taking notes from everyone 's bad writing skills.Now , for the review of this film-total garbage ! None of the facts invested into this film hold any water whatsoever ! I simply had to cringe and laugh uncontrollably when the police arrive in favor of the Michael Keaton character after Matthew Modine beats the living crap out of him . The most irritating character had to be the lawyer , a complete no-talent actress that belongs behind a counter flipping burgers somewhere ! Which by now , I am sure she is-thank God ! This movie simply proves , you do n't really need to have talent to be making movies ! Now , what about the Melanie Griffith character ? She 's the only reason this movie is even remotely interesting . If not for her in the final act , this movie would fall face flat on the ground like it should have ! Lame script ! Lame characters -LRB- with the exception of Melanies character of course -RRB- . Leave this one on the shelf folks , these reviews are so full of it , and I am starting to smell a bad odor from the moronic fumes !
 ... but I could n't watch it with my family . After purchasing the rental I attached my iPad to my television only to find that it did n't work . Checking online I learned that programming on Amazon Instant Download : &#34; In the case of Apple &#8217; s products the restrictions are painfully laughable . On an iOS device you can &#8217; t stream -LRB- or play via a video adapter -RRB- the video from such apps as Amazon Instant Video , the DirecTV iPad app , and HBO Go . The audio stream is fine , but no video . &#34; So , until this silliness is corrected I will stick with Netflix and other services of its ilk .
 Astonishing that anyone could like this hoary potboiler . To call the characters 2 dimensional , would be to give them one dimension too many . The story was poorly written and stank -LRB- synopsis
 I rewatched this movie just last night -LRB- April 13th , 2003 -RRB- , to see what messages it actually uses to play on people 's fears and misconceptions about the world around America . At times embarassing , at times eerily in tune with current events , and at all times constantly questioning one 's own common sense . Hollywood is always seeking to entertain and distract its audience , but putting such political issues in focus without any thought or plausibility insults those with any mind to question.Let 's just say this is a theatre piece , and dramatic elements have to be employed to add to the plot or sequence of events . That this , and so many movies of its kind employ the use of Russians as the enemy -LRB- usually using a British actor to supply the villainy -RRB- perpetuates stereotypes and misinformation that has existed since the Cold War 's birth . I loved the fact that America was seen as a bastion of technology , with blinking lights and computer screens , and intercoms , technology at the helm , while Russia and its leader had a little red phone and a bear on his table . Fantastic . It automatically sets up a perception that Russia is weaker on all fronts , and the victor will always be America , so the whole premise of the film being America in danger is compromised by its visualisation of its power as compared to Eastern Europe . It throws the whole plot out the window by default.Apart from its Nationalistic stance , the dialogue of the film borders on the ludicrous to outright childlike . The only bite that is heard in this film is from the actual enemy -LRB- portrayed by Gary Oldman -RRB- when questioning the President 's -LRB- Harrison Ford -RRB- moral constitute when dealing with his Oldman 's homeland . The points raised were the only plausible or believeable lines in this movie , but it all too quickly falls into the ` remake Rambo ' style of filmmaking too many times . This is just entertainment for the masses , and does not ask any questions of moral fortitude or revenge , or anything actually relevant to anything in any real world situation . Should I take this movie just as it is , entertainment , or for what it represents , ` Horse Blinker ' propaganda aimed at the public.I can not guess why films like this get made ???? All that money wasted on a piece of junk . The CGI throughout is quite weak , especially the ` crash ' at the end which pays no heed to what a plane would actually do when hitting the water , which WOULD have been far more dramatic a conclusion , if they just paid attention to physics . It was actually hilarious.I think the scariest bit had to be the speech at the beginning of the film by Harrison Ford . I 've heard it before somewhere ... Do n't waste your time , money , patience , eyesight , hearing or mind on this huge waste of finances . I ca n't believe some of the actors actually did .
 If I had n't wasted my money on this stupid movie I would have been happy but you know what this movie was n't exciting at all . Poor , Harrison Ford had to act for the main character in this movie . The rest of his movies are great but this one is definetly not good ! This movie is about a couple of terriosts who hijack a plane and try to kill a president , see it 's a stupid movie . The Die Hard movies are the best ! This movie is just plain dumb .
 The worst film I have ever seen . Absolutely terrible ! You ca n't care about any of the characters , especially those who are shot within minutes of their first appearance , and the countless explosions and bad one-liners leave you with a headache to beat the band . After suffering through this dreck , the only thought in your head that is still audible will be , `` Why , Harrison , why ? ''
 This is , quite possibly , the worst movie ever made . The utter absurdity of the premise is only outmatched by the absolute stupidity of the events that follow . In the realm of Hollywood movies about impossible things that miraculously happen with aircraft , this one deserves top awards . I give one star because you ca n't give zero , or negative stars . Beyond ridiculously abominable .
 I like Harrison Ford , a lot . I grew up with the man as Han Solo & Indiana Jones , but since The Fugitive , can anyone name me ONE decent performance he 's been in ? Anyone ? Anyone ? Thats right , he 's really not much of an actor . And shamefully the talented Gary Oldman , Glenn Close , and Jurgen Prochnow are not allowed to show off their skills.The plot -LRB- Air Force One being hijacked by Russian terrorists -RRB- seems easy enough . However , the linchpin of the whole plot is completely ignored , thereby invalidating the whole movie . For the terrorist plot to succeed , it is completely dependent on one of the secret service agents to be a traitor . Did he do it for money ? power ? sex ? a good chocolate milkshake ? We 'll never know because they do n't bother to mention it ! So we 're supposed to accept that a president will run around Air Force One beating up terrorists , but a secret service agent who would have to endure YEARS of training , screening , and background checks would turn on the commander-in-chief with no good explanation ? Also do we really want a president who would consider the life of his family over the well-being of the nation ? I know that sounds cruel , but that 's THE JOB!I do not expect reality from movies , in fact when done right fantasy is a great genre . However , this movie obviously is trying to have SOME basis in reality . So if you 're going to construct a film that has to have some realistic factors , is n't worth time to review the script to make sure it even makes sense ? THIS is primary point of my critique.I do n't feel any possible political leanings are to be drawn from the film . You 're really supposed to shut your brain off , eat popcorn , and feel good about the ole U.S.A. . So should you want another overly melodramatic , cliched , bad leading man 2-hour crapfest , that 's your choice . Please just do n't consider it a good one ...
 After movies like Sabrina , Regarding Henry , and , of course , the legendary Raiders of the Lost Ark , what a terrible movie ! Just another overdone airplane movie that does not compare to the older movies about airline hijacking . I am so glad I waited until it came out on cable , because it was hyped to be so much more than it really was .
 I have not seen it yet , thought the first few reviews were Ok but the one that gives the whole plot away should NOT be put on line , what the hell use is it if I now have the end of the film . Sorry to put this here but you dont seem to have space for ` other ` comments .
 Credibility . You must think in terms of credibility . No motive was given for the secret service agent to turncoat on the president.This is vital . The audience must know why he 's turned traitor . Allow a foreign camera crew on board ? No way , Jose . Harrison Ford has a gun on one of the bad guys so he wo n't reveal his position ? I thought these guys would dearly love to die for their cause . And the parachute scene ? People dropping in a parachute for the first time would n't be grinning from ear to ear . If you like airplane hijack movies then `` Executive Decision '' is much better . The much underused David Suchet plays a splendidly hammy and campy villian . And who wants to miss seeing Steven Segal get ` blown away ' ?
 As the great Russian poet Lermontov once said
 This movie never really appealled to me when it first came out a while back . I thought it would be an alarmingly patriotic and gung-ho affair with little thought for anyone outside of the US , with the amount of disbelief needing to be suspended astronomical . Having only recently seen it on terrestrial television , I can say that I was absolutely right.Harrison Ford plays the President with his usual rigid sub-Schwarzenneger style , utterly emotionless and unbelievable as always . Glenn Close hams along as a cringe-inducingly patriotic vice president , with some of the most cliched and predictable lines ever . Gary Oldman is a little better , but still plays a stereotypical hollywood villian who engages in just about every deadly sin possible in this movie.Wolfgang Petersen fails to engage the watcher or bring about any of the sweaty claustrophobia present in his previous epic , Das Boot . Even In The Line Of Fire questioned the all-American dream and morals , partly because of the presence of the brilliant John Malkovich . This film does n't . At all.To say that I 'm not a fan of action movies would be incorrect . I 've just never seen a good one . This was no exception .
 The schlockmeisters , from Hollywood , have surpassed themselves with this offering . It needs more than suspension of disbelief to be entertained here , a full-frontal lobotomy is almost a prerequisite.It is so over-the-top and patently absurd in its action sequences that it actually ca n't rate as a movie in the genre of a thriller ; it 's more like a self-parody of an action movie . What 's missing is the canned laughter to give this movie some form of legitimacy and classification as to what the producer had in mind when he dished this up to the public.Yes , every respectable critic has alluded to the spraying of hundreds of rounds machinegun fire inside a pressurised cabin of a 747 , but what we have here is a President who 's a master of armed and unarmed combat ; an Avionics Engineer - a man adept at doing anything in a crisis situation . We can also add
 I would rather watch my window cactus grow for the next hour and a half than spend it watching this pathetic excuse for a patriotic flick.This movie is the most deluded , clueless and far from the truth piece of trash I have ever seen . One of the things I could barely deal with was the insulting patriotic ignorance and horrible acting . Aside from that its full of ludicrous dialogs that could only seem real to a 5 year old kid . Did I mention a boring predictable plot?Oh and those evil Russians who do it for mother Russia , give me a brake . I have some Russian friends who could n't believe idiotic depiction of Russians in this flick.If you are still stuck in cold war period go ahead and buy yourself a copy it will prolong the state of ignorance you are in .
 This is one of the worst movies I have seen . I love Harrison Ford movies , but this one is a stinker . The special effects look like they are from the 50 's . I just watched Top Gun and Star Wars . Both of them had better arial shots . The plot was a die hard rip off . Talk about suspending disbelief . This is about as phoney and contrived as they come . I like far fetched movies like the Matrix , but this is just plane -LRB- ha ha -RRB- silly . The fundamentals are all wrong . No character development . Why did n't they go ahead and make the president a former wrestler who happens to be a ninja war hero ? I have n't been this disapointed in a movie since CONGO .
 The first scene , in which the noble and much-applauded American president circumvents his advisors and chooses conscience and human rights over political expediency , should tip you off right away
 `` Air Force One '' is a throwback to the old airline disater films of `` Airport '' and their subsequent farces , but when the credits start rolling this film is more reminiscent of `` Airplane ! '' As ridiculous as the aforementioned , this film is the greatest blot on Harrison Ford 's career ever , with the exception possibly of `` Sabrina . '' In comparsion to `` Airplane ! '' the only two things missing from this epic farce are the two jive-speaking black guys . President Jim Marshall -LRB- Ford -RRB- is returning from a successful diplomatic visit to Russia when all of a sudden his plane is inexplicably taken over by Kazak terrorists . They are assisted by a secret service agent , -LRB- whose involvement is never explained at all ! -RRB- and led by the ever so slithering rogue Gary Oldman . Oldman delivers the film 's best performance but it is to no avail in this `` lots of action-big stars-who needs a script or a believable plot ! '' cinematic blunder . Oldman pops off aide after aide in desperate attempt to get Ford to release a fellow Kazak held prisoner in Moscow . This President shows his moves by beating up terrorists , skillfully commuticating with Politically Correct Co-Star and Vice-President Glenn Close in Washington , not to mention remorselessly sacrificing his staff members to Oldman 's execution squad before finally giving in when the gun is pointed at the first family . In the movie 's only good scene , Jurgen Prochnow cameos as the detained General Radik , and is heroically led out of Lubianka prison in Moscow to the strains of `` L'Internationalle . '' Of course , this scene is interrupted and we 're back to `` Chuck Norris
 On this derivative , by-the-numbers thriller we are forced to believe that an US president -LRB- played by Harrison Ford -RRB- could actually take down a russian -LRB- what else ? -RRB- group of terrorists , as if he was 007 or McGyver . The beginning of the movie is somewhat credible , but soon presents us with one-dimensional characters and motivations , a lame and predictable plot and wooden , tepid acting . There are some twists , but they are so ridiculous and unbelievable that I stopped caring about it halfway through , given that the resolution has no surprises at all since the `` good '' guys always win . Despite some competent action sequences , this is brain-dead , mind-numbing material , cartoonish at best and completly disposable . There ` s no force to be found here .
 Compared to ' 97 's other action smashes Con Air and Tommorow Never Dies , this meandering nonsense is the definable example of studio overbearing.It 's slightly better than Face/Off maybe , but it still very poor.The action itself is slow moving and uninvolving , and nothing that has n't been done ten times better and to more exciting effect in earlier highjack features like Passenger 57 and Under Siege.Harrison Ford is nauseatingly mundane , routine in his leading man role , doing the usual mumbling act he 's done in previous action roles.He 's showing his age really badly too -LRB- but he still should have got the role as Jack Ryan in The Sum of All Fears instead of Ben Affleck , dagnammit ! -RRB- Meanwhile , Gary Oldman is laughably OTT as the rashan terrorist , while Glen Close and William H. Macy are totally wasted in their roles.The story itself is completely unbelievable and insults the viewer 's intelligence beyond breaking point.For one example out of many others , in one scene , Ford uses a mobile phone to make contact with Close and we all know that in real life , this would cause the plane to crash.And towards the end , it does n't half drag on like anything , just when I thought this dire mess was coming to and end , it just went on more and more until I was close to just turning it off and walking out.For an impressive instance of Ford 's action man status , check out his turns as Jack Ryan in Clear and Present Danger and Patriot Games.And sign a petition to get him as the lead in the new film , not Aptless Affleck .
 I hope they make a sequel so that Harry could go to Mars and get 'em all .
 Typical Hollywood thriller ... The plot is ridiculously predictable and some action scenes just do n't make any sense . Yawwwnnn
 Who decided to write this plot ? Its boring ! Although I am not expert , would n't the President 's plane just have a bit more security ? I mean , this is the president where talking about . Everything in this movie just seems so pat and set , there 's always going to be an out , and surprise ! Guess who 's going to do it ! Yes ! Harrison Ford ! Our president is going to kick -LRB- ... -RRB- ! Does n't that bother anyone ? This movie screams Hollywood and follows it so faithfully its scary . In real life , for that is what we are trying to portray , would the president jump out of a falling plane , try to save his rogue commander or any of the other numerous things that never stop happening ? Maybe ... maybe not . Obviously on Air Force One he 's a superman , because he is able to do all these things.Air Force One needs to come down out of the clouds and have some reality shot into it . Other than that , this movie is a rather decent action thriller . Just for action mind you . That , and fans of Harrison Ford should apreciate his superhuman role.I did n't , but there 's no saying you wo n't .
 This is not a review of the movie , rather Amazon 's misrepresentation . The description for this movie clearly says the aspect ratio is 2.35:1 -- that is wide screen . A few lines above that is says : Format
 It may have seemed pretty good when it came out but in retrospect this is one lousy movie . Clearly high raters are rah rah Americans . Much overacting on almost everyone 's part . Harrison is just horrible . Actually he 's never been very good has he ?
 I 'm just tired of movies that have no individuality . They do n't even try to attempt something remotely original , and that seems down into their casting decisions . How many times do we need to see Gary Oldman play a creepy villain ? Honestly , how many times do we need to see Harrison Ford play a Presidential figure of some sort ? Even Glenn Close gets type casted in those ` women who wish they were as powerful as men ' roles . That is the big issue with ` Air Force One ' , there is nothing original here . The story is preposterous and pretty straightforward with no real stimulation . It does n't make a lot of sense and yet it is forgivable action fluff for the most part really . The action scenes are effective and some of the visuals are nicely constructed , but the tension just does n't live up upon multiple viewings , and really with a film this redundant in basically everything it is n't worth watching more than once .
 This is one of the worst movies ever made ! I always enjoy watching H. Ford , but in this movie ... Please do n't waste your time watching this trash !
 This silly farce may have worked if it had been promoted as satire . No matter . There was NO excuse for this doozy.Glenn Close as vice president is trying to maintain order after learning Soviet terrorists have hijacked the president 's plane with his staff , wife and daughter aboard . Close 's high octane drama was silly . If you didn &#65533; t like Hillary , you &#65533; ll hate Glenn.On Air Force One after the hijacker takeover , &#65533; President &#65533; Harrison Ford issued some pretty sappy dialogue with his cookie cutter pretty little wife and daughter . The little girl 's dippy words were an embarrassment . She sounded like a Pollyana Retard telling `` daddy '' not to worry , all would be all right . Ford &#65533; s insipid marshmallow smile -LRB- `` Oh , out of the mouths of babes '' -RRB- in return underscored the absurdity of the scene . I didn &#65533; t know whether to laugh or cry.In `` Star Wars '' , a Sci-Fi fantasy , using gangbuster-type special effects with macho fighter planes piloted by arrogant hot shot captains was acceptable ... including exploitation of the audience 's jingoistic allegiance to the overdone heros . In `` Air Force One '' the same approach was insulting.The finale too was insulting ... and a joke . This skinny little man , President Harrison Ford , has somehow managed to save everyone else off his doomed airborne presidential plane -LRB- I 'll let you rent the movie and learn how -RRB- . Alone now , he has managed to attach himself to a cable between the doomed Air Force One and the attendant savior plane to save himself . This he does but it is not fun watching him blow in the wind in his little gray presidential suit , what . . ? 15,000 feet up , at 300/500 miles per hour ? I don &#65533; t know the coordinates . I &#65533; ve never had to consider that kind of thing before I saw this movie.Who wrote the script ? Where was the director when the lines were delivered ? Where have you gone , Harrison Ford - a seasoned , respected and sober actor , I assumed - that you could sell out for this shallow silliness and then pretend you are a genuine actor?A couple big names , an idiotic script/story line and overdone phony special effects with chauvinistic fighter planes exploding to the rescue to STP -LRB- Save the President -RRB- do not an intelligent movie make.Watch &#65533; Air Force One &#65533; if you want to , but pretend it was meant to be satire only . In other words , avoid at least some of the insult .
 It really works ! No one can deny that there is still a demand for the Cold War propaganda . It seems that nothing unifies people more than a presence of a common enemy , real or fictional . We need our daily portion of political brainwash as we need our morning cup of coffee . Wherefore , Russians are coming , as usual . They shoot machine guns . Moreover , they speak English with an awful heavy accent . They look as real as Indiana Jones looks a history professor . Again , Mickey Mouse does n't look like a copy of a real mouse , but who cares , as long as it makes viewers feel good . Not only do those malignant Russians kidnap our president 's family , they dare steal his baseball glove ! In a face of such an assault , how not to believe in the divine American role to enforce global justice and happiness with the help of the air force ? How blessed could we be to have an old boyscout for president ! `` Get out of my plane ! '' yells our eloquent hero , kicking one of the bad guys . `` Go on with your paranoya blockbusters ! '' screams the cashbox to our Hollywood propaganda department .
 There are n't very many movies I outright loathe . There were so many times during this movie that my jaw just dropped at the stupidity of it that I wonder whether I might have missed the point - is this some Strangelovesque ironic masterpiece , and am I the dumb literal sucker ? But of course that 's not true -LRB- the first part , at least -RRB- . The typical argument in defense of a film like this is , `` Of course it 's stupid . It 's an action movie . '' Yes
 What kind of plot is this ? They land the plane and then take back off when they 're not even on the runway . I 'm sorry this is just a little too impossible for me . Six Russian terrorists just happen to get on Air Force One unnoticed , please . One of the president 's , most trusted and highly scrutinized , secret service detail is a traitor.There 's nothing wrong with a fictional account , but at least make it one we can half-heartedly believe.What were you thinking Harrison ? This was a `` B '' movie plot at best !
 I 've seen good action movies in my time , but this ai n't one of them . Why could n't they make a movie for once that 's more steeped in reality
 This film is a real dissapointment . Harrison Ford gives a credible performance as the President and Gary Oldman pulls off his villain role with panache . But this movie simply does n't work . Overall the film is completely illogical and frankly a bit too patriotic , especially for someone who comes from Europe . Maybe logic is n't exactly what people are looking for when they watch a `` no-brainer '' , but this film is really too much .
 This movie is so rancid it will appeal mainly to the brain-dead . Any genuine action-movie fan will recoil at the ridiculous over-the-top action scenes
 One of the most important aspects of a movie like this is for the film to make you actually care about the people who are held hostage . This film failed miserably in this endevour . If they 'd killed everyone onboard , including Ford , I could n't have cared less . You may get the idea I did n't like this film ... and you would be mistaken . It 's not that I did n't like it ... it 's that I DESPISED it.Complete TRIPE , with final `` cliffhanging '' sequence that is so hilariously moronic it had me laughing uncontrollably .
 Fairly entertaining but the President 's prowess was a little over the top . What 's even more ridiculous -LRB- and sickening -RRB- is that the Vice President is a WOMAN ! What will those hollywood liberals think of next ?
 This is the kind of movie that should have never gotten to a studio once the script was written . It 's so fake and it would never happen.Harrison Ford is the president and he 's kidnapped aboard his plane by a terrorist Gary Oldman . He 's negotating for the release of some of his comrades to the vice president played by Glen Close . Ford wo n't give up without a fight and he 's determined to save his family and friends without Oldmans plans being met.The movie is so fake it 's sad . The plane would have been destroyed by pressure . It gets laced with 100 's of rounds of ammo . Come on you have to make is somewhat believable . Wolfgang Peterson should be slapped upside the head for putting something like that in a movie.Glen Close is horrible . Her dramatics are over the top . The fact that her character negotiates for the president is stupid . We do n't negotiate with terrorists and the fact that they put that in his dumb . It 's so fake.The refueling plane blowing up is dumb . There are so many saftey devices in place that would never happen like that . You have to mkae a movie at look least real if your trying to make an action drama like this and it 's not.Russia would never give up dangerous men either . They 'd tell us they felt bad for the president being in danger and would tell us to shove are demands where the sun do n't shine.This movie is way to fake . I could n't enjoy it because it would never happen . I enjoy action dramas and this is one of the worst ones I 've ever seen . If they had decided to make this more a drama and not so much action I might have been able to go along with it . The cast is awesome for the movie and a drama could have worked . The cast and talents are wasted . Why this made so much money I do n't know . I guess people are stupid enough to follow the story . Do n't waste your time or money on this one .
 I saw this movie in the theater and , although I thougth it was stupid , I enjoyed it . I just watched the last 1/4 of it on TV just now . STUPID movie . Harrison Ford looks like he 's drugged or constipated throughout the entire movie . He 's gotten in the bad habit of narrowing his range of emotions from his usual A-to-B to an annoying A.SPOILER -LRB- although , how can you spoil this piece of rotten fruit any more ? -RRB- William Macy plays a pilot . At the end of the movie , the president takes the helm of the crippled plane while Macy sits beside him in the co-pilot 's seat . Should n't that have been the other way around?Glenn Close plays an embarrasingly weak vice president .
 When Russian terrorists posing as a news crew hijack Air Force One , the President himself is forced to save the day . It does n't get much more complex than that , which is a real shame because there was plenty more here to work with
 It may star Harrison Ford , and may be directed by Wolfgang Petersen , but this block of limburgher 's action is borring , and the script is hideous . Throughout the movie I began to hate the capable-of-anything swiss-army-knife-of-a-hero more than anything else . The only reason to watch this movie is for the always excellent Gary Oldman , who plays an enraged Russian .
 I love Harrison Ford Films . I love good action films . I love cold war-ish plots . BUT , this film lives up to none of those descriptions . Ford is flat , the action is unrealistic and childish . The plot is outlandish and ends implausibly . I tried to like it but it let me down . 69/100 D
 Did the makers of ID4 consult on this film ? It sure seemed liked they did . This movie had so many rediculous , stupid scenes in it , it was almost comical . I know playing the president of the United States is a great character to portray , but Harrison Ford should really be more critical of the scripts he accepts . The scene where the presidnent 's secretary is floating down in her parachute has got to be one of the most ludicrous shots ever captured on film . This is an action film , however it 's just a really stupid action film . Sappy , confusing , melodramatic , and rediculous are just a few words that describe this movie . Oldman , Close , and some good character actors are horribly wasted . Great premise , awful film .
 It 's a boring script and the acting is just plain bad - Harrison has one good believable moment , but Glenn Close and Gary Oldman ca n't manage to pull it off . The drama at Washington about whose going to be in control of the situation is ridiculous . Wait to see it on cable , it 's not even worth a rental price .
 Impeccable production of a wildly absurd story ... The US president single-handedly -LRB- or nearly so -RRB- takes on a half-dozen extremely well-armed terrorists , carrying out feats worthy Bond , James Bond . But everytime he gives in when the leading terrorist threatens the president 's wife or daughter . In addition to the absurdities , i also find it unpleasant to see the US president being tortured and degraded by the terrorists .
 In a grand attempt to instill a healthy dose of national fear during these glory days of booming economy and virtual peace , Air Force One puts Harrison Ford in the only good guy-type role he has left to play -- dream President of the U.S. of A.AFO , like those Clancy-based political-actioners , is technically pretty snazzy . But it also suffers from a ham-fisted arrogance . I mean , who would have thought we 'd actually see a movie where the prez himself becomes the super-dude -LRB- Bilbo Clinton would need to cut down on the cheeseburgers , lose the gray , and run four million laps around the White House to be up to such a task -RRB- . The minor cleverness of AFO stems from director Wolfgang Peterson 's ability to set an unbelievable situation squarely in the realm of the possible , kind of . Sometimes it works , but the apple pie propaganda gets pretty gooey , especially toward the end . A Presidential sounding horn section plays in the background every time Marshall kicks a vodka-drinking scuzball in the groin , and the brow-beating of the first family becomes a melodramatic hoot.That 's AFO in a nutshell
 Now I like action movies like the next guy and am not particularly demanding of them -LRB- Fugitive , Die Hard being my favs -RRB- but this one had me considering leaving the theater early for the first time in a decade.The plot is so unbelievable that I could n't suspend any disbelief . A 40-yr-old president taking on professional commando in his 20s for hand-to-hand combat repeatedly ? Guns blasting everywhere in an airplane ? It was also * needlessly * violent with execution-style scenes . Glenn Close was wasted mostly acting like an indecisive babbler.On the plus side , special effects were decent and there was one clever move by the president .
 I still do n't understand why everybody seems to love Air Force One so much . First of all , the ground-based subplot with Glenn Close as the vice president is boring and just detracts from the movie 's momentum . Also , it 's kind of interesting that the evil Secret Service agent tries to kill Harrison Ford at the end , even though none of the other villains are left to expose him and he could walk away without ever being suspected . There was some scene that actually explained WHY that guy was betraying the president , but thanks to some boneheaded editing it was cut out of the movie and that character was reduced to just another stock villain . In addition , almost all of the action sequences are sick mockeries of reality . Granted , I can sort of go along with having that much random automatic gunfire on an airplane without losing cabin pressure . But it 's just ridiculous when the characters stand next to a big open hatch without getting sucked out into the sky and their hair just blows in the wind like they 're standing in front of a movie studio fan . And the most unintentionally funny moment has to be when the plane crashes -- the whole shot , one of the most awful CG effects I 've seen in a big studio movie , is pathetic and kind of sad . I do n't understand why this film has been so successful and popular , especially since we 've all seen MUCH better action movies from directors like James Cameron and John McTiernan . Cameron could make a better movie than this standing on his head . Sure the DVD is a nice way to show off your sound system , but there 's something seriously wrong if you consider that reason enough to go out and buy this movie ...
 Air Force One had some good action , decent actors in Ford and Oldman , and a few special effects . However , the plot not very interesting . I thought Executive Decision was similar but much better . If you like Harrison Ford or a little action , rent the movie , do n't buy it .
 The one star is for the blu-ray edition of this movie , not for the movie itself -LRB- which otherwise I consider to be one of the best action movies I have ever seen -RRB- . The blu-ray edition is too grainy and has very bad color saturation and low contrast . Worst of all , the digital scenes of air combat with Soviet -LRB- Ukrainian -RRB- jet fighters are just horrible
 The disc case was crushed during transport . The disc itself is intact but it suffers from some scratches.Given the low price , I wo n't ask for much but one extra layer of bubble wrap would be appreciated .
 Poorly , poorly directed WWII drama involving the invasion of Norway by Germans and how it affected a small Norwegian town whose sort-of burgermeister is played sympathetically enough by Paul Muni . He escapes to England by boat to marshall commando forces to liberate his town and destroy a planned airfield . A Hollywood Norwegian is something to hear and see , women in embroidered bonnets and shawls and men with bleach blonde hair talking about the miracle of spawning salmon . The action scene , the destruction of the airfield , had enough pyrotechnics to be exciting , but the director chose to sit way back and watch it , making the whole enterprise impossibly dull .
 Totally awful movie . I can understand why Jane Fonda was so embarassed for years .
 WARNING ; a phenomenally BEAUTIFUL nude Jane Fonda is floating in mid-air shortly as opens ; NOT FAMILY VIEWING by any stretch !! and without a RATING , i didnt know . no sex then , but certainly NOT FAMILY VIEWING . sex is inferred within minutes ; again , i wuznt familiar with this one and i enjoy scifi , so i tried it . OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPS !! to be fair ; Jane is incredibly beautiful , but not MY view of such to be seeing . so , i didnt see the rest and deleted . what i did see , pic quality is excellent reproduction , shipping good , transaction good as uzual . your choice now .
 Simply put , this movie is a waste of time . It is self-indulgent sixties nonsense produced by movie-makers with too much hubris and not enough sense .
 I bought the VHS version of the movie long before I entered the Army . To give a short review of the movie it is just a crappy soft core porn video with bad acting and horrid special effects . It is easy to see why Jane Fonda never did anything better with her career . If you want soft core scifi porn get emanuelle -LRB- sp ? -RRB- in space . Then I learned of how she acted during the Vietnam War . I hate to think I financially supported this women after what she did .
 I bought a movie from movie mars , for my brother for christmas . The movie would not play . So he sent it back to me , Something about region 2 I ' v never heard of this , anyway to send it back and pay for shipping it would ` ent be worth the trouble . But I think they should Let people know that region2 movies wo n't play in the USA . I my self will never buy from that seller
 My understanding is Paramount is going to give us another 98 min . PG cut . Please give us the original complete uncut film !!!!!!!!
 Great chance to see Jane Fonda make a real fool of herself . . she should have kept making this type of E grade movie instead of going to Viet Nam and making a complete fool of the entirety of America .
 In the year 40,000 she lands while traveling through space . She vanquishes robots & monsters . Outside of a couple very brief nude scenes I would n't recommend it .
 Jane Fonda was not only an excellent actress but a beautiful , if opinonated -LRB- remember Hanoi Jane ? -RRB- , woman . I watched this as a teenager and despite the `` striptease '' this has to be one of her worst . Hormones be damned , watching this was a waste of time . If you like Fonda , try Klute . She was an excellent actress -- but no one could survive this mess .
 I never found this anywhere online , I was so disappointed and so was my best friend . Can not find it anywhere to purchase as of yet .
 A while back , I saw Ed Wood 's `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' and came away thinking how justified the claim of `` Worst Movie Ever Made '' was . Everything about that film was bad , and it single handedly redefined how wrong things could go when trying to tell an effective story . However , my opinion of it changed after seeing `` Barbarella . '' Make no mistake ; `` Plan 9 '' is still awful . However , I eventually came to see that , for all its shortcomings , it at least managed to stay true to what it set out to accomplish
 We males will watch any appalling piece of crap if it 's got beautiful naked women in it , wo n't we ? The `` sets , '' the costumes , the acting , the special effects , the music , the editing , the story , the sound and the camerawork here are all way , waaay below sub-standard -- but Fonda looks great , does n't she?I thought I remembered this flick as a total waste of good female flesh ... and yep it totally is.But it has Anita Pallenberg -LRB- Keith Richard 's girlfriend -RRB- as the evil Queen and Marcel Marceau in a speaking role so hey .
 They all should have failed that class . Looking for a camp si-fi movie and felt assalted by bad script and acting .
 Set back in the time when objectifying women was normal in the movies , Jane Fonda represents a heroine who can think . I was not able to watch the entire movie because it was so cheesy . I wish I could have watched it through
 Having purchased over two hundred movies on Blu-Ray from Amazon I expected this one to be just a good as all the rest . All that I can say is what a disappointment this one was . The movie will simply not play on my Blu-Ray player at all . Even after a firmware update it still will not play . It only loads the Main Menu Screen . Highlighting and choosing any of the the choices on the Menu Screen only sends you to the MPAA rating screen where you are forever stuck . The only way to exit anything from that point is to remove the disk from the player . So needless to say I have never seen this film since it will not play in my player . I have since purchased many `` new '' release Blu-Ray films and they play just fine on my Blu-Ray player so it would appear that this disk or the formatting of this disk is defective . And since all of the hundreds of Blu-Ray titles I have purchased play just fine on my player I do n't see the need to go out and purchase another Blu-Ray player hoping that this title will play . So it appears this purchase was money simply thrown away . I would be curious to know if anyone else has had this problem with this title .
 I wish the r rated version I saw at the theater was on dvd . Fonda in the movie I saw at the theater left nothing to the imagination as I saw her completely naked from head to toe & she was beautiful . This PG version is just campy with none of her nudity . If you like this type of movie you would be better off buying flesh gordon .
 The zero gravity spacesuit striptease in the opening title is the best thing about this film . The rest is pure camp , but it 's so bad it 's not even bad enough to be funny . The plot , dialogue , acting , sets , special effects , and music are all horribly bad and boring . The most memorable line is , `` An angel does n't make love , he is love . '' But let me tell you , that angel was making plenty of love ; unfortunately we never got to see any of it . Watching this movie now , I can see that the only reason it created such a stir in 1968 was because it snuck in soft porn to mainstream theaters . But this film is droll French humor ; it has no morals or heart and as such is not a reflection of the `` free love '' and liberation of the times . What 's worse , even the villains in this film are absurd and boring . If I need a fix of bad science fiction , I 'd rather watch The Attack of the Killer Tomatoes .
 Barbarella is n't a great movie . It 's slow and the Direction is lackluster . But the reason I like it is for the campy look and feel which gives it a sharp contrast with that other classic Sci-fi movie of 68 , Planet of the Apes . It 's kinda like how I enjoy The Fifth Element more than most of the Sci-fi flicks of the last two decades and that 's because of its emphasis on Fantasy with a European flavor . Anywho , I ca n't believe that they had the nerve to put this movie out on Blu-ray in this condition . It 's clear that they did n't spend a penny to digitally re-master this movie beyond transferring it . In comparison , H.G. Lewis ' Blood Feast came out in 1963 and the Blu-ray is STUNNING considering that it was shot five years before Barbarella and for a fraction of the cost . No , I 'm afraid that this was a cheapo transfer and I regret buying it , especially considering that there is ABSOLUTELY NOTHING in the way of extras except for a horrifically grainy trailer which looks even worse than the feature . About the only thing I can recommend is the fantastic original poster art that they use for the cover . In hindsight I should have just bought a copy of the poster.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!
 Poor Picture Quality.In the first scene of this Blu-ray . Push Pause button when Barbarella takes off her space gloves.What you see is not skin but SANDPAPER.Do not buy this Blu-ray . Buy DVD and enjoy more beautiful upscaled picture .
 I first saw this film as a teenager and thought is was the raunchiest I had ever seen . I had obviously embellished the film in my head since seeing it but on watching it as a much older guy , I find it rather an embarrassment . I am quite sure that Jane Fonda feels much the same way .
 Well Jane is definately easy on the eyes and the opening scene is nice . However , there is really no story/plot line and no real purpose to the movie at all . The special effects are so bad its almost good . Parts of the movie are worth seeing , overall I would n't waste your money .
 You know , I hate to admit it , but I 'd lob missiles at American aircraft in Vietnam if it gave me a chance to bang Jane Fonda in Barbarella . Now , true , Jane was a bad actress , subpar aerobics instructor , and barking nitwit -- but she was pretty in this movie . In fact , whether she likes it or not , this is the best Jane Fonda movie in history.I know , this is like being the best midget center in NBA history , but still ... take what you can get , I always say.This movie is a remake of a French comic -- and it shows . It is so blatantly a remake of a French comic . Now , I think French literature , movies , art , cuisine , and women are abhorrent to look at and foul smelling abomination unto God -- but hey , maybe you have no taste . You might like this nonsense.The endless hilarity of Jane Fonda ... OK , Jane is n't funny . But , this film obviously inspired the founder of Cinemax as movies just like this one featured prominently between the hours of 11P - 3A every weekend ... not that I watched them . That 'd be wrong . Women are n't pieces of meat ... OK , Jane Fonda in Barbarella is . But most women are n't ... OK , if you ignore Angelina Jolie . She 's a slab of meat ... and Carmen Electra . Also a piece of meat ... and ... OK , need to continue moving on.I did like the main villain being Duran Duran . The idea of an evil genius being the same name as that 80 's pop band.The film is a classic , I suppose . It 's a little worth watching , I suppose , if you want to remember what Fonda looked like back when she was attractive .
 Many have seen this movie on TV many times . For a B-movie it is great fun and interesting to watch . No extras on the DVD . I wish they did add something from behind the scenes , etc. .
 It is a good story ; and it is a terrible shame that is was in GERMAN ! WITH ENGLISH SUBTITLES.WHO WANTS TO SEE A MOVIE ABOUT VENICE IN GERMAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I thought this film was interesting because i can see it appears everywhere online ; nevertheless , it was really boring and ridiculous and superficial ; after seeing the first 20 minutes , i tried to surf through the movie and then turned it off . Not was even worth a laugh !
 The title of the film and the cast would seem to portend a fun and interesting movie . Alas , this is not the case . The story line is such an over-used one , with quirky patches , and the acting is barely adequate . What a waste of such a talent as Scott Thompson . I was disappointed in the film from beginning to end and actually had to almost discipline myself to watch it to the end , since I had purchased it . After considering it , I later decided to watch it again , and my reaction had n't changed , but knowing what was coming seemed to make the movie even more insipid .
 Ok ... Leave your joke in the comment box , I 'm sure it 's hilarious . As for this movie , it WAS hilarious ... at first ... but it quickly got old . Its about four gay friends , the summer before college , on a mission to get laid . Along the way they meet their fair share of weird characters and it 's pretty much the same as 1000 other coming of age teen comedies , except for the gay part ... This movie has some really funny parts , especially the interaction with the lesbians , THAT was classic ! Unfortunately , they continue focusing on the one subject , and the jokes just stop being funny after about twenty minutes or so . It 's a cool idea , it 's a gutsy film to make , and I give praise to everyone brave enough to be a part of it . It probably would have been good if it was n't so narrow-minded .
 it was ok but i wouldnt have bought it if i seen the movie before hand
 I was really hoping that this movie would be a truly funny movie dealing with gay issues . However , in my opinion it was a movie that was very closely modelled on the movie `` American Pie '' , but a lot less funny . Substituting a Quiche Lorraine instead of an Apple Pie , four gay guys instead of four straight ones , someones grandfather instead of Stifler 's Mother and a overly loud lesbian instead of ` the Sherminator ' does not make this movie all that different from `` American Pie ' . I am surprised the makers of this film havent been slapped with a copyright lawsuit . Most roles feed on gay stereotypes and are over-acted to the level of being annoying rather than likeable . Yes , this movie is meant to be a spoof , but its lack of originality severely hampers this aim . Surely the gay film community is capable of a movie with more originality and imagination than this one .
 Well this was a pretty `` fleshy '' movie . Funny , and juvenile , lots of dic # jokes , fart jokes and butt sex jokes . I really liked the loud fat lesbian , but then again who does n't like a loud fat lesbian . It was kind of what I expected . I dont think too many straight people would appreciate it . I thought it had some pretty funny moments .
 -LSB- NOTE
 This movie makes `` American Pie '' look like Shakespeare . Every other one star review is dead on ; this movie is torture . For the record
 I had heard that some of the young actors involved in this did n't do any press for it . I had assumed they were somewhat leery of being associated with a -LSB- . . -RSB- themed film -LRB- another beef of mine entirely . . -RRB- but now I suspect that they saw the finished product and were horrified at how awful it is . An embarrassment for everybody involved . Graham Norton should be forced to do community service , and Richard Hatch should go to jail for showing us everything . Oh wait , he is in jail . Lypsinka seems to think he 's more talented than he is , and Scott Thompson is completely wasted.If the filmmakers had tried to come up with something new , it could have worked . Instead , they not only parody the American Pie movies , but even rip off whole scenes - only they always go one further and make a bad joke worse . Jonah Blechman wins the award for most annoying and unfunny character of all time whom we 're supposed to find outrageous , but is just rather creepy . I hope this brings Blechman 's comedy career to a close . Anybody who dances for Hatch in his underwear and then has an explosive scene on the toilet does n't really deserve more work.Truly one of the worst movies of all time , this movie aims low and achieves that goal . But is that really anything to be proud of ?
 When I first heard there was going to be a gay parody of the American Pie films , my interest was piqued . American Pie was good coming-of-age teenage sex comedy with a heart ... you ended up caring for the characters a lot in spite of the inspired silliness of the brand of comedy . I wish the same could be said of ANOTHER GAY MOVIE , but in putting it up next to the American Pie trilogy , it ends up looking like a comparison between a filet mignon and a cheap greasy-spoon cheeseburger . Poking fun at gay stereotypes is one thing ; but in order to make it work and not insult the intelligence of even the average movie-goer , there has to BE some intelligence at the core of the movie and all its elements
 I realize that many people thought this movie was funny . And I agree , some parts were funny.However , I forced myself to watch this movie just because I wanted to know what all the hype was about , and I really do n't think the movie was anything to build up . I 'm still amazed that I sat through the whole thing.The movie plays on stereotypes , which does not represent the community as a whole . I do n't think I would ever want a straight friend of mine to see this movie because it so clearly feeds on the assumptions that build the deep-rooted hate that still exists in our society . This movie left NOTHING to the imagination , and seemed to not be a movie , but instead an expression of `` how far can the gays push the envelope . `` Honestly , there were times when my mouth dropped because I was shocked that this movie was going so far over the edge . I love being gay , but this movie worries me because the audience rarely sees the characters as normal human beings . All they see are sex-crazed queers -LRB- gays and lesbians alike , because Muffler is n't any different than the 4 guys -RRB- . In my opinion , I do n't think that represents the entire community , and instead focuses on the extremes.If we 're supposed to be moving toward equality , this movie definitely takes us back a step .
 Well Well Well ... what to to say about this movie.First off it 's a spoof on gay themed movies -LRB- like `` scary movie '' -RRB- so with that in mind do n't expect great things from this . It is fun and campy with lots of sight gags and toilet humor . There are many cameos from the likes of Gramm Norton -LRB- he 's histerical -RRB- and Richard Hatch.We all thought it was ok but not great , I guess we all expected more and got less .
 It is ages since I have seen such a crap movie ! Waste of time , of electricity ! I really do n't know which moment is the film amusing.DEFINITELY , AVOID IT .
 The 80 's gave straight teens Porky 's and now 2000 's has provided gay teens with a sex driven comedy of their own in the new film Another Gay Movie . A long way have things come since the 1980 's indeed and AGM goes way beyond what Porky 's did and then some all wrapped in the context of a parody.AGM follows four new high school graduates , all friends , all are gay and all have one thing to accomplish before summers end ... to get laid ! An obvious premise for a comedy rooted with any and all teenage boys with raging hormones , AGM includes a typical yet colorful cast of characters that include the jock , the nerd , the average `` normal '' one of the bunch , the way over the top flaming queen and for a cherry on top , a lesbian whose so butch you will swear that she 's the one with a dick!Their quest to score for the first time is met with various unpredictable and outlandish sitcom type predicaments that preclude any of them from actually sewing their oats . The corny plot is led by Andy -LRB- the Jim ala American Pie of the bunch -RRB- who fantasizes about one of his high school teachers and gets two shocks of his life after graduating . The first , Andy actually gets the chance to score with the teacher . The second , his fantasy turns in to a foul S&M ; nightmare . It is here you will immediately realize that AGM is not for just any viewer . AGM had all of the explicit sexual fetishes of John Waters ` cult classic Pink Flamingos , AGM was just more polished and included better special effects . The rest of the group also has their subplot sexescapades that are just as shocking and somewhat as humorous as Andy 's experience . Trust me ; AGM is hands down the silliest , sometimes sexy and downright most sordid flick of the year!Crammed with obvious spoofs of other films and TV shows such as Mommy Dearest , Scary Movie , Queer As Folk , and the title take on Not Another Teen Movie , AGM is mostly set on the same premise of the hit film American Pie . However to refer to AGM as the gay version of American Pie would be a mistake in part because AGM dares to go where AP -LRB- nor any other film -RRB- would not with it 's incredibly raunchy context . Another component that separates the two movies is also the major downfall of AGM ... it 's heavy on parodies and shock value yet light on laughs . Such as when Andy nearly performs oral sex , unbeknownst to him , on his closeted father . Yuk !!! Even reading that sounds shocking I know . Such imagery will leave you speechless but not with belly laughs.The lack of humor was in part due to that thing called over-kill , which still applies even to parodies . Unfortunately AGM ran to the well of anal jokes and references one to many times and in the process the laughs subsided . However , the funniest scene in the entire movie does deal with uncontrollable flatulents analogous to the scene from Dumb and Dumber , but even funnier here . AGM is NOT for the faint sensitive political correct types with no sense of humor . From the anal beads to gerbils no gay stereotype is spared . The characters , though diverse in physical characterization , are still so stereotypically out there -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- AGM comes across more like a live action animated film rather than a parody at times . An animated feature series similar to Drawn Together would be a perfect spin off.Some of the fun in AGM came from recognizing -LRB- and attempting to remember where you 've seen them before -RRB- the list of cameos of B-List gay celebrities that included Graham Norton -LRB- The Graham Norton Show -RRB- , Richard Hatch -LRB- Survivor -RRB- , Ant -LRB- Last Comic Standing -RRB- , Daryl Stephens -LRB- Noah 's Arc -RRB- , James Getzolff -LRB- Boy Meets Boy -RRB- and even porn star Matthew Rush ... all adding another level of cheese to the already over the top movie.It should go without saying that AGM is nothing to take seriously . So there 's nothing wrong with cheesy and blatant camp but cheese that reeks is another story and at times AGM reeked of pungent indigestible curd . The brief but unnecessary shot of Richard Hatch 's penis , the shot of the catholic priest hooking up with a school boy were just a few things that drove home the point that nothing and I mean nothing was held sacred in this movie.The equal offender opportunity style of AGM is perhaps the movies best quality . During these times of such political correctness AGM 's unapologetic spoofs and insults has finally provided a movie that gives gays and lesbians permission to laugh at themselves for once . Therefore director Todd Stephens should be given at least tepid praise for the films edginess , nonetheless all of this in your face crazy crudeness did n't muster many genuine chuckles and instead you 're just left flabbergasted . With that said I will acknowledge that for the fan of sex filled , gross-out , laced with potty humor parodies , AGM just may make you laugh to the point of tears . Despite my mixed view about AGM I 'm betting that most viewers will not fall into such dubious judgment and will either love it or hate it .
 College paints the same tried and true portrait of drunken debauchery that high school kids love to watch , and while it manages to provide a little bit of laughs , it does n't end up nearly being as funny as it could be . Basically Superbad-lite , College tells the tale of a trio of high school kids -LRB- Drake Bell , Andrew Caldwell , Kevin Covais -RRB- looking for some fun at a college campus on the weekend . Running afoul of some frat boys -LRB- Nick Zano , Gary Owen , and Whitest Kids U Know member Zach Cregger -RRB- , the trio partake in the usual mix of hijinks that you 'd expect from this sort of thing , with a few laughs to be found to be sure , but not nearly enough to hold your interest during the film 's whole running time . It does n't help when our trio of heroes prove to be more annoying than the frat boys they 're taking on either . You 'll definitely see worse comedies of this type than College , but you know you 're in for a rough time when you get more laughs watching the DVD 's blooper reel than watching the actual flick .
 I 'm not going to go in detail on this movie like most reviews , cause this movie is so terrible that it does n't need to take anymore time from my life . Quite plain and simple , pass on this movie . It sucked BAD ! I ca n't explain how awful it was . It seemed like a k-mart version Super Bad . No wait , more like a Dollar Store version . Just plain crap . I gave it one star , because I could n't give it 0 stars . It 's so bad , it 's not even pirate worthy .
 College has to be the worst movie ever created . To take a movie that plays off the stereotypes that have been used time and time again is one thing , but to do so and make the movies a millions times worse , that 's just sickening.This movie has virtually no plot , except showing college to be one huge party with nudity , alcohol , cursing , and debauchery and about nothing else . The acting , I mean look at the names , is terrible . The driving force behind this film is ultimately shock factor ; that is , where can we place the vomiting scenes and excessive male nudity to receive the most number of cringes . I do n't think I laughed during this movie , but I did cringe a lot.The underlying romance is completely ludacris and bears no resemblance to real life . Three high school guys go down to a campus and score three college girls , like that happens every weekend.Some movies are bad but acceptable because you 're just looking for cheap laughs . This is n't one of them . This movie is so bad , in fact , that you will be hard pressed to find yourself laughing once . Unless you 're one of those people that still finds the inaccurate stereotypes of frat boys , sorority girls , nerds , punks , and fat kids funny , in which case , you 'd be too young to buy this movie anyway .
 Honestly , I 'm surprised the current direct-to-video headliner `` National Lampoon 's ... '' was n't above the title . Take three typical high school seniors , the fat wisecrack kid -LRB- think Jack Black & Chris Farley had a son -RRB- , the nerdy kid -LRB- played by Kevin Covais , American Idol 5th Season finalist who no one really took seriously -RRB- , and the `` normal '' kid -LRB- Nickelodeon escapee Drake Bell -RRB- , and place them in the same old story of spending their first weekend ever in the future college they wish to attend and all the equally stereotypical hot drunk girls and mean as Hell frat guys they encounter . If you 've seen Animal House , Revenge Of The Nerds , or any film that had some member counting on getting that scholarship and drunkenly blowing it badly , you 've already seen this film . However due to the changing times , the extremely high levels of nudity and sexual situations , surprisingly high in let 's say `` alternative lifestyles '' , will remind you why films like this today need that little over-the-top extra to even get mentioned in the same paragraph as those real college classics . But when it boils down to it , it does have a couple of laughs , groans , and guffaws , but nothing to make you really want to see it a second time . It 's disc has both the Unrated -LRB- that really , really pushes it -RRB- and a Rated -LRB- will anybody choose/see this version ? -RRB- plus a gag reel , half of which is already in the end credits ala a Burt Reynolds film . For a rent it 's not too bad , but the filmmakers here should go back a grade to see why college films succeeded so much in the first place without trying so hard to blow us away with gross-out jokes than actually well-written ones . -LRB- RedSabbath Rating :6.0 / 10 -RRB-
 Any guy over the age of 21 has seen this film 500 times , well I hope you have n't used your time that unwisely . The point , this story has been told over and over again , especially by National Lampoon.This is at best a 2 star movie if you put a teenagers hat on -LRB- as an adult it 's probably -10 stars -RRB- . It 's got the whole thing , drinking , fights , parties , jiggle , urination , and seriously fake college campus equiped with awesomely bad fraternities and sororites.The back story , three high school seniors visit a campus and pretend to be college students . They fake pledge to a fraternity , and they get three girls . In the end they get found out and the three girls fall in love with these kids . In the meantime , the fun happens.It is just stupid enough for guy humor . There is absolutely no relationship between this and what really happens in college.On a positive note , the shots are all in focus , the sound is reasonably well recorded , and the lighting is good -LRB- that ca n't be said for many many films , including huge budge films -RRB- . In it 's genre , it 's mid to bottom of the pack.The comparison to American Pie is really wrong . It 's probably just barely as good at the 4th Amerian Pie movie -LRB- they got progressively worse -RRB- .
 The movie was so scratched up it did n't even work properly . I know the item was used , but it should have worked . Bad buisness .
 If I wanted to see a rehash of Superbad , I could do two things :1 . Watch the original and indulge in every last minute of it over and over-or-2 . Hope they will do a part 2 , even though original is untouchable.The movie College , I 'm guessing here , was suppose to make Drake Bell into some breakout star and stear him away from the Nickeloden mole . Well he better luck next time and stick to what he knows best . I giggled a few times during this movie , all mainly because most of it was a total rip-off from its big brother Superbad ! Oh well thankfully I never paid to see this at the movies or on dvd .
 For all the hassle Drake has been given to Josh in their ownTV show , after it completed its run , who really got the last laugh ? Let 's check their filmography : Josh Peck - `` Mean Creek '' , `` The Wackness '' , and the `` Ice Age '' seriesDrake Bell - `` Superhero Movie '' , `` The Nutty Professor '' animated movie , and ... `` College `` The Bell has been cracked , and boy what a large gap it made . This is one movie that really made me angry , and had to down a couple of beers to drown the misery . It 's primary goal is to be as disgusting , mean-spirited , and heartless as possible , nothing else.But at least the movie 's advertisements did n't sell it as something else , because if the poster art of a guy throwing up in a toilet tells me anything , this movie has warning signs . If you can look at the film 's poster and find it amusing , and the thought of a bunch of teens pressured into drinking scotch drenching below a guy 's hairy bum made you laugh , then you 're going to like `` College '' ... and you ` reAndy Milonakis . Anyone else with even a hint of decency should just turn away and never look back.What I 'm suppose to believe is a plot has three high school buddies going on a college weekend trip to see if they can be accepted . Because Drake Bell got dumped by his girlfriend , all because he was n't cool enough , he 's using this trip as a chance to prove his worth . When they got there , they soon became pledges in a frat house of anarchy , and thus they pretend to be college freshmen to get laid . And nothing else significant happens , it 's basically a series of gross-out situations leading up predictably to the kids getting back at the frat house in the most outlandish , impractical ways . Situations regarding kegs , jugs , ` questionable ' toys , drugs , a clogged-up toilet , used condoms , sodomy , farm animals , vomit , bodily fluids , and Verne Troyer ; it 's one crap after another , there 's more crap here than Mr. Hankey 's family reunion.Jeez , this movie manages to make the Farrelly Bros. movies look safe for children . I do n't see the point in it taking the `` Underground Comedy Movie '' route , being gross for its own sake . They 're never funny at all , just unnecessary shock and awe . At least in otherlowbrowcomedies , it has likable characters to justify its vulgar behavior , but `` College '' does n't have that . The main characters are of the `` Superbad '' preset
 Intellectualization of a pornography in the name of love and sex and then wrap it up as a comedy . To me , this film is neither funny nor imaginative .
 Viewing this tenuous , torpid , tedious and talky film was like living one of those nightmares where one runs and runs and gets nowhere . Perhaps the dullest movie ever made supposedly involving sex.Or maybe involving anything . Certainly the very least-engaging , unenjoyable movie I 've ever seen . zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz .
 I bought this movie to catch up on Gregoire Colin 's antics - to see how he 'd graduated from Olivier Olivier and Beau Travail for example . Although there was nothing wrong with his performance , I felt that the script was so lamentable and so laboured that there was no way I would recommend this jejeune movie to anyone without jeopardising the friendship . It is just wet ! Praise the Lord it is available at a Loss Leader price , otherwise I would be liable to self flagellate with a plastic appendage . Catherine , what were you thinking ?
 Well , I do n't know if sex is comedy , I admit it does seem a grand cosmic absurd idea at times , but making a film about filming sex is stupid . It was pretty boring most of the time . The only interesting character was the male lead actor . He was such a pompous , vain , childish pain to work with . I wonder how many male acting stars are like him ? I 'm guessing too many . And I doubt if women are any better . If it was n't for him , the film would have been a complete disaster . I refuse to recommend this to anyone except to people that are into self-torture . It 's that bad .
 Not very good in any respect . Just half-hearted acting , writing , producing and music . The ending is predictable but I felt like they just looked for a spot to end the flick and used it . Do n't bother buying this one.They never did come out with a sound track since I heard John Oates had a song on it called `` You Ca n't Get There From Here '' .
 I am so annoyed with myself for not bothering to read these reviews before buying ! East Coast mom is on the money with her report that the movie is dark and scary . WHY WHY WHY would Mattel take a beautiful fairy land and a cute message and make it SCARY is beyond me . The music is scary , the scenery and characters quickly turn scary , the villian fairy is scary , and there are very few scenes that show off the fun and beautiful things that I thought this movie would be all about . Neither my 4 nor my 6 year-old were able to watch the whole thing - we gave up about 20 minutes into the movie and fast forwarded to the last two minutes for the sure thing happy ending . The movie is going in the trash where it belongs ! Booooooo , Mattel .
 I am a BIG fan of the Barbie movies . Both my 5 year old girl and 10 year old son -LRB- yes a boy -RRB- enjoy the movies . This one is just TOO dark and scary . Other than making a new line of Faritopia dolls to market , I can not imagine what the creators were thinking . Kids `` G '' rated movies are continually infused with dark , tense , and stressful images and storylines . Is this what we really want our children experiencing as `` entertainment '' . My 5 year old daughter could not finish the movie on the first viewing . We turned it off 1/2 way thru and as far as I am concerned it will stay not watched . What is the point . I am not interested in desensitizing my children to violence and mean behavior , so for us , this one goes IN THE TRASH.Think this one through parents . How do you want your kids to grow up ?
 most boring of the barbie movies , i am sure glad my daughter has stopped asking to watch it over and over . and when it is so boring it seems to drag on forever . and i agree with another reviewer , princess and the pauper and rapunzel , much better !!!!
 My 3 year old daughter is a Barbie/Disney Princess fan and loves the movies for both . I was looking forward to Fairytopia 's release so we could have something new to watch . I was sorely disappointed . The movie lacks story-depth and music . I really enjoy watching the other Barbie movies -- because of the singing or ballet moves and classical music . Fairytopia is none of those . It 's just lacking ...
 Well I 'm one of hte lucky ones with a DVD player that this disc wo n't play in . The disc works in our computer fine so I know it 's not the disc . Tried contacting the comoany and I 'm pretty much stuck with the DVD now obviously opened the store wo n't take it back either exeptt for the same item which really does n't help me . Be careful before buying that you 'll be able to play it on your player !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have bought the previous Barbie DVDs and my five year old daughter loves them.However , `` Fairytopia '' is a different story . When Azura is captured by Fungus , my daughter asked me '' Daddy , why is Azura still wearing the butterfly necklace that she gave to Elina -LRB- Barbie -RRB- to hold for her ? It 's not on her neck anymore . '' . I said '' Nice catch , I guess the editors were off that day . '' . About six minutes later , my daughter asks me when Barbie -LRB- Elina -RRB- is riding on Hue the butterfly '' Daddy , why does n't Elina have the necklace that Azura gave her anymore ? It 's not on her neck '' . I said , '' I guess the editors were off that day , too '' . This movie proves that profit is more important than quality control and detail . I guess when a DVD has to be in the stores by a deadline , quality control and editing take a back seat . After all , children should n't care about detail . I hope the new Pegasus movie does n't fall into the same trap . sandy.nemecek@scotiabank.com
 Disappointed is being kind reviewing this movie . The first annoyance is with voices of the characters . Shrill , emotionless , absolutely grating . The dialog is simply ridiculous . What happened to the breathtaking animations?My five year just had to have Barbie of Swan Lake when she saw the purple unicorn . We got suckered into buying the entire line of toys & clothing before the DVD released yet we were pleasantly surprised at the enjoyability of the program . We then went on to purchase the other three previous releases continuously pleased as each one proved as well crafted as the last . Brilliant writing , awesome voice talents , we were very excited for the release of FairyTopia.Coming online to purchase the DVD I noted the playing difficulties some consumers have had and decided to rent first to ensure the movie worked in our unit.We will definitely not be buying this DVD . Who wrote the script ? Awful , in totality hideous . The previews for the next feature , Barbie and the Magic of Peagusus ... I am already guarded with my daughter about getting her hopes up .
 Someone who said this was a good movie because it was ` original ' and the others were bad since they were loosely based on fairy tales sounded to me like a literature fan . And those fans are upset at how Barbie altered the plots of the movies.I have one message for you . Moviemakers take a story , and they are NOT supposed to produce an exact movie clone of it . It 's been done too many times before . How boring the movie world would be then!The other Barbie movies I gave ratings of no lower than four stars . But this trash - one star!Animation - It sucks . Big time . They look like they came out of the animation lab incomplete . The other Barbie movies are much better , and more realistic.Character Development - None . From the beginning of story , the characters are either labelled as caring or wicked . Nothing else . Plus , Barbie , or Elina and Bibble REALLY irritated me with fake sweetness and innocence this time , and Barbie 's never done that before . In fact , I wished the wicked fairy had more screen time than her!Plot - Very predictable . The other movies always surprised me with unique plots - in the good way . Elina is a wingless fairy who must save her fairy world and earn her wings , and the bla ... bla ... bla ... Not very original either . We 've all seen this before . Plus , it 's not smoothly flowing like in the other movies . Someone is an outsider , and must prove her worth to everyone , by saving the day - if you want to see this plot , watch Balto instead ! It at least has a plot that makes sense.What really irritates me about this plot is the fact that the queen or some ruler is kidnapped at the very beginning of the movie . That is NOT right . This is why there 's no character development in the movie - the kidnapping does not allow time for that , so the characters are just labelled with traits and are forced to stick with them . The characters should at least be allowed some character development before the conflict begins!Conflict - An outsider who is wingless must save Fairytopia from evil and earn their trust and her wings . Unoriginal . Period.Humour - None.Colour - Too bright to be as realistic as even traditional animation ! Bad move , Mattel!Overall - Bad movie with a good message . But it takes more than just a good message to make a good movie.My sister , brother and I all got up in the first half of this movie , and turned it off . That 's the first time we 've ever done that with a Barbie movie.My rating - 0.5 stars.My sister 's - 0 stars.My brother 's - 1 star.I 'm sorry I have to give this movie one star . I 'd REALLY like it to be 0.5 . If you enjoyed the other Barbie movies as much as I did , avoid this one . Your kids will hate it , and so will you . You would 've wasted money on this piece of junk.It seem that when Mattel switched from traditional tales as base for a movie to original stories , they made a BIG BAD MOVE.Mattel , your next movie had better be better than this one , or I 'm pulling the plug on Barbie permanently . I 'll always treasure the other Barbie movies , though .
 How scary ! If your child is scared of Hospital and Medicaldramas , scary movies , and stuff like that , this movie does notbelong in your collection . Who knows what happens ?
 I just bought this DVD for my five year old daughter . We have the other Barbie DVDs and she loves them . While watching this one , my five year old says to me '' Daddy , when Azura is captured by Fungus , why is she still wearing the butterfly necklace that she gave to Elina ? Her neck is bare . '' . I said '' The editors made a huge mistake '' . Six minutes later when Elina -LRB- Barbie -RRB- is flying on Hue the butterfly , my five year old daughter asks me '' Daddy , what happened to the butterfly necklace that Azura gave to Elina ? It 's not on her neck anymore . '' . I said `` I ca n't believe that someone as young as you spotted these unforgiveable editing mistakes '' . I guess money and profit rules over editing and quality control . If a five year old can spot these errors , what does it say about a multi-million dollar company 's dedication to detail . What a shame !!! The storyline was actually quite brilliant . Hopefully , the next movie about Pegasus will not have the same problems .
 This wasnt my most favored barbie movie , I found it to be a bit slow paced and boring compared to most . I ca n't recall any particular negative content though so if you like barbie films it is worth at least watching this one .
 This would have been a tottaly great movie if they hadnt ruined it completely by putting stupid mermaids in it , its so creepy to see half human half fish . eww gross totaly !
 Anyone who is aware of the history behind the 1959 Chinese takeover of Tibet and their subsequent execution of 1000 's of monks , as well as the attempt to totally destroy the temples , writings and schools , should be able to see through this exercise in propaganda for what it is . The Chinese government 's fear of the Buddhists and the power of the Buddhist philosophy is reflected in this feeble attempt to disparage Buddhism and its practitioners . It should be obvious to Amazon . I am not asking that Amazon not provide the film , but an accurate description of what it is and why it is propaganda would be useful in the description .
 It was boring and I felt like I was watching a student film . The ending made me want to punch someone . UGH!WTF ?
 Well 1st of all , the description of the movie does n't really even match the movie . It says 6yr old Calvin feels something is n't right and is anxious around his new upstairs neighbors while his mother dismisses it as her sons active imagination . Actually , the mother is the first one who feels this and is uncomfortable who 's questioning everything from about scene one . But that 's the least of all the problems with this movie.I think I can safely give some insight into what the movie 's about without giving away anything because the 1st few minutes of the movie gives away everything that 's really going on with Tyler and his `` niece '' Kayla . There 's something very off about them from the first few minutes and it lets you know that from the get go , as well as throughout the whole movie . There 's no surprises with anything in this movie which is a big part of what ruins it.So , the Winters family is looking for a home to rent . They find a place and will be renting the top floor . Almost immediately , the father becomes very sick and pretty much stays that way through the entire film . So we 're left with Mom and their son Calvin living upstairs , with the downstairs ppl living there . . Tyler and Kayla.Things just get weird with good ol' Uncle Tyler and his niece Kayla , but there 's nothing puzzling about it because everytime they show the 2 , they also show you exactly who they are , what their intentions are , what they want , why they 're doing what they 're doing , etc etc. . There 's no surprises or twists to it because everything is given away from the beginning . I do n't mean it 's predicatable . . I mean they literally give everything away themselves so you do n't even get a chance at guessing what could be happening.I wo n't tell you what all these things are just in case there 's still someone out there who actually wants to see it for themselves.What you end up with is knowing everything while just watching the family that moved in trying to figure out what 's going on . Yet we as the viewers already know . That 's where the movie flopped . It never gives you the chance to wonder or be curious or even be interested . There 's no twists and turns because you 're just watching how long it will take the family to see what you 've already seen ; to see how long it takes them to know what you already know . There 's no suspense , there 's no guess work , there 's nothing.And believe it or not , it gets worse . I guess they tried to give some `` surprise ending '' but the surprise ends up being you sitting there having no clue what just happened because it makes no sense . What it does is leave it open-ended as if there could be a sequel because there 's absolutely no closure to anything you 've watched to that point . The possibility of a sequel was and is the scariest part to this whole mess . Please do n't waste your money .
 I find it hard to believe anyone thinks this movie is funny . John Leguizamo was much funnier in `` To Wong Fu ... '' and appears here as just silly , childish , and seeking attention in unfunny , overly hyperactive ways . The only redeeming feature of this flick is the character Himmel -LRB- played by Edoardo Ballerini -RRB- , son of the villain Jeff Jones -LRB- who is in about every movie ever made -RRB- . 70 % of the 5 or 6 good jokes in this movie are his.All in all , do n't waste your money . But if you are in the mood for some stupid slapstick and do n't mind having your intelligence compromised and insulted every few minutes , go for it .
 I regret , every minute of my life , ever having seen this movie . John Leguizamo should be imprisoned for this offense . I 've seen more entertaining movies in Spanish class . At no point in this rambling fiasco of a movie was this ever remotely entertaining .
 actually , this was my fav . movie , but i saw it 6 times , so now its a BORE !! but ... if your only planning on viewing it once then i guess its ok . Basicly , its slow . No action . No FUNNY comedy . No Romance . No believable violence . You are never on the tip of your chair when you watch this movie . In fact-it really should n't have even been created . Its an embarassment to all of the funny , `` slap-stick '' humor out there . Thank you for spending your time reading this , you owe it to yourself to NOT buy this movie .
 this was dumb . the only good scene was the kareoke bar where he sang .
 I did n't really enjoy this movies . It 's not something I would want to watch again . It did n't really fit into what I enjoy .
 When I received the movie I had to try 3 different DVD players to get it to play . Which then made me think the movie was an illegal copy ! I wish there was a way to tell if it what I got is real or a fake !!!
 This movie ought to be shot . Not once . Not twice . But thrice . Hopefully right through that darn obnoxious target that has been so conviently placed . John Leguizamo can do better than this ! I mean , remember that show ... on Fox ... with the minorities ... no not In Living Color ... the other one ... with John Leguizamo ... yeah that one , John was in that ! Why ca n't he go back anddo that again ! He could just sneak it by Fox 's censors by calling it `` World 's Most Dangerous Latino Comdians 7 . ''
 Tsk tsk tsk ... such a waste of talent . I must say though that the concept this movie was built on did intrigue me but the script was awful ! The characters were dry and unbelievable and looked as if they could n't keep up with Leguizamo . There is no other way to put it except that this movie was horrible ... total waste of your money ! `` The Pest '' ... how do I hate thee , let me count the ways ! Poorly written script , shallow characters , no REAL plot or point , Leguizamo 's character is just annoying ... the list goes on but I would n't recommend even renting this to see if you can complete my list . Just say no ! This movie has inspired me to found a Coalition Against Bad Movies in the future ...
 How could you enjoy this movie ? How ? I mean , I know little known films like this are more likely to get reviewed by fans , but seriously ? 5-stars ? This film is horrible . If you 're brain-dead , but not racist , you 'll be offended . If you 're racist , but not brain-dead , you 'll be bored and annoyed out of your mind.Here 's a good test
 As much as I love John Leguizamo , this movie is one of the worst I 've ever seen . Leguizamo fans , rent it , but do n't spend your money on the DVD .
 This movie has the worst plot line ever , which is barely even there . Most of the time if a movie has no plot I do n't give above a 1 , but this movie is quite funny and if you 're not looking for anything to hold you to the movie fine . It 's like watching Adam Sandler 's Happy Gilmore with about 1/10 of the plot . This movie is not one you will want to watch over and over -LRB- more than likely -RRB- so rent it before you buy .
 this was dumb . the only good scene was the kareoke bar where he sang .
 I think John Liguizamo is very annoying . The beginning and the end is especially annoying when he is singing in the shower . It had a stupid plot and just kept getting crappier and crappier .
 THE DANCING PIRATE billed itself as `` the first dancing musical in 100 % new technicolor . '' Now , you may be wondering to yourself -LRB- even if you 're not a fan of musicals -RRB- why on Earth you 've never heard of this film before . One would think that such a cinematic first would be less obscure . Few people today have seen THE JAZZ SINGER , but many more would recognize the title as being the first talkie.Well , I 'll tell you why you 've never heard of this technicolor marvel . Because it 's no damn good , that 's why.Now , granted the cheap DVD version of this film is actually a scratchy black and white print rather than the full color experience . However , I doubt that seeing this film in technicolor would improve it significantly , even if the producers had managed to invent some new color and painted Harry Morgan 's mustache with it.And before I get to the plot summary , I need to point out an annoyance courtesy of the DVD cover concerning the actor in the previous paragraph . At the end of the description on the box , the simple sentence follows
 The Dancing Pirate was one of the earliest films RKO made in the 100 % new Technicolor process . This DVD is regrettably in Black and White . If you must see this , try to find it in color . Good luck .
 So I bought this movie on dvd ... it 's one of my most prized posessions . Not because it 's any good ... but because it 's so freaking bad . I mean , I can not even watch it without being pissed . This dude is no pirate . He dances like a girl . I mean , some guys can make dancing look masculine , but this dude ... he just looks like a pansy . See , I got it at walmart for $ 1 . I would never pay full price . Also , the title is totally deceptive ... this does n't even have pirates in it ... maybe in the begining , but they 're big and fat , which are the dumbest kinds of pirates . In fact , I would n't even call them pirates ... i 'd call them ninjas-trying-to-be-cool . Oh , but it does have indians ... and mexicans . I mean , if you 're some sort of a softy pc looser ... then you 're gon na be all offended and think it 's racist because all the mexicans act dumb . Sorry , there 's not much I can say . It does have the Wizard of Oz in it , though . Which is weird . I mean , I ca n't figure out who the heck he 's supposed to be ... is he white ? Is he mexican ? His daughter is mexican ... so was her mom mexican ? Is she a half and half ... a mutt ? She looks like cathren zetta-jones too . So if you have a thing for cathren zetta-jones , add this to your library ... . sicko . Anyway , I would n't buy this unless it was for a dollar ... or less . Oh , but if you do like Aphex Twin ... then buy it .
 I watched this piece of junk thinking that I would see Rita Hayworth give a great performance and would be able to tell people I watched a great , unknown Rita Hayworth film . Boy , was I mistaken.Yes , Rita Hayworth is in here but she is practically not billed at all , there is no plot that I can recall but I do know that Frank Morgan -LRB- `` The Wizard of Oz '' -RRB- was in it , and it was an early Techicolor experiment which failed miserably . How is it that `` The Dancing Pirate '' looks so awful , but `` The Wizard of Oz '' and `` Gone With the Wind '' look so beautiful ? Yes , I know there were a few years in-between 1936 and 1939 but all three of these movies introduced Technicolor to American audiences.So , all in all , do n't you dare buy or even think of watching this rubbish . You 're better off watching `` The Wizard of Oz '' again . Both of these movies have Frank Morgan and Technicolor , and `` The Wizard of Oz '' looks better and has a great plot .
 this movie has the same title of another movie about the haunting of a little boy . This one is about crime or the mob . Im not sure because I couldnt watch it . It wasnt the movie titled Insidious I was looking for . I feel ripped off .
 The review/summary for this movie was totally different from when I was watching it . I ca n't believe I brought this crap too . It made no sense and the actors/actress were everywhere ; it jumped from one short confusing story to another 's character confusing story . At the end it did n't even make sense or how it ties in . Sure the theme is money . . maybe for a book or essay it wold make sense to put different examples in but this was too confusing . NOT ENJOYABLE
 subtitled so not really worth watching . for reading books are far more enjoyable . It isnt even like you get a better idea of what the voice actors intended with subbed , as the voice inflections in japanese are not even used the same as english
 British footballer Vinnie Jones is cast as Mike Sullivan , a London sports writer who wants to tackle hard news . When Sadie , an old friend with whom he exchanges riddles is found murdered , Mike is thrust into the investigation , despite a detective inspector who 'd rather he go away . While renovating her pub , Sadie came across what could possibly be an unpublished manuscript of a dark story of murder by Charles Dickens -LRB- though it appears they had Dickens confused with Edgar Allan Poe -RRB- . When Mike discovers the manuscript , he and police officer Kate read the manuscript hoping to find clues to solve the crime with the help of a homeless man -LRB- Derek Jacobi , who also narrates the manuscript as Dickens in a dual role -RRB- . What they discover is a lot of corruption.Unfortunately , the director chose to portray half the story in present day London and the remainder in Dickens ' Victorian era story which coincidentally mirrors the current events -LRB- many of the actors besides Jacobi have dual roles also -RRB- . It makes the rest of the movie confusing and distracting and had me nearly comatose at times . It might have sounded good on paper but the finished product was pretty boring and contrived . They even managed to make Jones , who is usually such an energetic presence in his roles seem pretty darned bland . Not worth a purchase ; put this one in your Netflix queue instead.Tracy Vest , September 2008
 A rather bad thriller with a fake dickens story woven into it . The dickens story had no real relevance to the thriller and continuously interrupted the flow of the movie . Unless you have 2 hrs . to waste , stay away from this movie .
 I persevered to the end of the movie and feel I should be given some kind of award . Whatever the director -LRB- and scriptwriter -RRB- was thinking does not translate into rewarding viewing.The script had a number of -LRB- what could have been -RRB- interesting characters and ideas but too many to develop properly . With the exception of Derek Jacobi everyone else was just going through the motions . Perhaps they were as confused as I was.I was left feeling that it would have been better done as one of those British detective series full of whimsy and eccentric characters . The ` secret ' could then have continued to be the macguffin without the need for complex historical flashback explanations.My advice
 This movie was order incorrectly . The movie I wanted was called Riddle with Val Kilmer starring in it . I didnt like this movie . It was boring and did n't make much sense . . No action at all .
 The story is completely uninteresting , the acting is poor , much of it was n't believable , and the music was completely inappropriate for the scenes they were in . This movie was seriously terrible .
 Director/Writer Brenden Foley continues to flog ex-footballer Vinnie Jones in disastrous film after disastrous film for who knows what unfathomable mystery . Certainly one more interesting , one would hope , than the mystery of The Riddle . It is saddening to see Sir Derek Jacobi needing money so much as to turn in a performance at once cheap and demeaning to his craft and former repertoire . The Riddle also again demonstrates that Vinnie Jones can not or will not act . Oh , yes , he can turn his head one way and then the opposite way , but that seems to be the extent of his emoting . Julie Cox plays the unconvincing love interest-slash-copper whose life is obviously so shallow and vacuous she almost seems `` suitable '' as a mate for Jones . Whether it 's the over-long , leaden dialogue or Foley 's tepid directing , or a combination one-two punch of both , this film really starts to make you yawn early on in its nearly two hour length.Incongruities and continuity gaffs are rampant , never more apparent than when in a morgue scene , the feet of a corpse are shown on one side of the screen view and her head on the opposite side of the screen -LRB- no , she was not dismembered by the way -RRB- . I wonder why it is that British directors always have their relatively modestly-paid heroes living in penthouse-sized flats along the docks . Vinnie is supposed to be a low-man-on-the-totem pole dog races reporter yet lives in an expensively-furnished suite only the once-flush Geoffrey Archer could have afforded at his economic peak . Derek Jacobi plays the dual role of Charles Dickens and a `` mysterious '' beachcomber whose rags and face are always immaculately clean . Julie Cox never once flashes her badge or is shown to be actually performing any detective-type work despite working under her curmudegeonly-frowning D. I. boss P. H. Moriarty . Depth of character is continually sacrificed at the altar of the murky mix-mash of storyline that meanders here and there pretending to confuse the audience . As for `` clues '' -- forget it . Foley apparently thinks they would only clutter his shallow plotline and muddle his cardboard characters even more than they already are.This is a disaster of a film that should -- one can hope -- forever sink the career of Brenden Foley and relegate him back to being the dubious scribbler he once was for such dynamic hard copy editions as PR Week and the UK Press Gazette .
 THE RIDDLE was written and directed by Brendan Foley in what appears to be an attempt to pull the mysteries of the Charles Dickens ' novels into a contemporary story , but that attempt is thwarted by electing to use the two periods of time format in which the ` riddle ' is unraveled . Despite a cast of well-known actors , trying their best to pull off this direct to DVD movie , the end product is a long , tedious , amateurish mess that can only be considered as entertainment if viewers are fans of the cast as remembered from other films.Mike Sullivan -LRB- Vinnie Jones -RRB- is a journalist confined to reporting on dog racing events while he dreams of important reporting assignments . A series of similar murders happens to include an old friend of Mike 's - Sadie -LRB- Vera Day -RRB- who runs a pub on the banks of the Thames , having just discovered an old valuable unpublished manuscript by Charles Dickens , and has a heart of gold , giving sandwiches away to such pathetic creatures as an old tramp beachcomber -LRB- Derek Jacobi -RRB- . Sadie 's murder attracts Mike to the role of detective journalism and with the help of policewoman Kate -LRB- Julie Cox -RRB- he begins to tie the investigation to clues he finds in reading the Dickens manuscript . Disrupting the flow of this rather simplistic story is the use of flashbacks to Dickens ' time as Dickens -LRB- again Derek Jacobi -RRB- narrates a rather personal story of peculiar murders . The parallel between stories and the cross casting among actors may have worked in another 's hands , but the finessing of this kind of venture escapes writer/director Brendan Foley . He draws his story to a close -LRB- at long last -RRB- with a tired Hollywoodesque ending.In addition to Jones , Jacobi , Cox , and Day , the film somehow attracted the attention of Vanessa Redgrave , Jason Flemyng , PH Moriarty and Mel Smith
 The movie 's premise is that sadistic serial killers do so because of some genetically inheritable condition - it 's in the blood -LRB- by the way that premise is not supported in the least by historical facts -RRB- , anyway we have a physician on death row for such killings and his father also had a few . Meanwhile on the outside is the other subplot and it turns out he had a son who was adopted -LRB- unknowing to him -RRB- by a family . He 's having dreams of murders some of which resemble the modus operandi of the on death row physician . Could he be following the genetic line?Acting and character portrayal seemed overly staged -LRB- made up -RRB- ; scenes of a knife followed by a body with an obvious blood and wound prosthetic and sometimes followed by a hand holding a surgical cutting instrument were about as scary as saturday morning cartoons . Flashbacks , dreams and editing made the story flow like water tumbling in a rocky stream and with the poor audio , poor enunciation and no subtitles all made the story a challenge to follow . You end up not caring what happens to the characters .
 The purpose of this review is not to delve into the beliefs or doctrines of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints but rather to point out only one of many factual errors offered in this movie . One of the individuals interviewed , speaking authoritatively states that Utah has the highest suicide rate among all fifty states . Conveniently he fails to cite any reference for this off-the-cuff factoid and it turns out to be totally false . Since statistics for state-by-state suicide rates have been made public Utah has NEVER ranked higher than 8th . And while some may justify the falsity offered in `` 8 -- The Mormon Proposition '' it still stands as a falsehood presented as truth . One is left to wonder what other `` facts '' are also in fact fantasy in this movie . It is interesting to note that the entire purpose of claiming that Utah 's suicide rate is the highest in the country is to imply that Utah 's strict moral values and intolerance of homosexuality was the cause for this rash of suicides -- however the producers fail to point out that Nevada ranked second-highest in the land among suicide leaders . Nevada , one of the most liberal of all fifty states ranked six steps higher than conservative Utah . Furthermore , the makers of this movie fail to note how many of the suicides in Utah were committed by admitted homosexuals -- for without this fact the number of suicides is really unrelated to any debate over homosexuality .
 This documentary deals with an important and timely topic , namely the deliberate and secretive intrusion of the Church of Later Day Saints into the civil struggle over marriage equality . It also contains new and important information about how the Mormons attempted to disguise their activities , probably in violation of their tax status as a non-political religious entity . This is vital material that deserves to be known to a broad audience.Thus it is sad and unfortunate that the film is so utterly unengaging . The director uses every cheesy trick possible
 My guess is that most who choose to watch this film are those already looking for an indictment of the Mormon Church - and they 're find what they 're looking for . This is one of those films that plays to the biases of a particular group and does not offer a balanced view . In so doing , the director ensures the film has a committed , motivated target audience . There are , admittedly , many valid points which the film raises . However , it fails to even attempt to fairly address opposing views and instead presents strawman arguments that are easily dispatched . Watch this film if you already hate Mormons -LRB- or organized religion in general -RRB- . You 'll be pleased . But look elsewhere if you want a reasoned discussion of the issues .
 This film depicts a congregated form of hatred towards gays from the Mormon community , however not just Mormons but a lot of Christian sects dislike the gay community . This film is just another form of hatred , but not towards the Christians , towards the Mormons instead . In other words does two wrongs make a right ? Lets hate those that you ?
 This poorly made movie is a composite of hateful misrepresentations and distortions of the beliefs and practices of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . It is intended to malign a religious minority rather than to explain or inform viewers about why they would come forth to defend democracy.Perhaps its one contribution is in exposing the hate and anti-Christian bigotry that lie at the base of the homosexual marriage movement . Data from throughout the world confirms that the movement has amazingly little to do with anyone ` marrying . ' No significant percent of the homosexual population has in any country that allows it .
 This movie is preaching to the choir . If you are a choir member you may find some catharsis.If you are not , you will likely be unhappy with how one-sided and subjective this movie is.The Mormon church does not get involved in most political issues . But the church sees gay marriage as a moral and religious issue . It affects one of their core beliefs , traditional marriage and family.Mormons and the Mormon church are within their rights in a democracy to promote their viewpoint , just like any other group of citizens.The fact that the Mormon church is against gay marriage has never been a secret . It 's silly to portray the church as having some secret agenda.Of course , Mormons did n't pass Prop 8 - the voters of California did . So if you want to be angry about it , be angry at the majority of CA voters . Others besides Mormons also supported it . And for the record , not all Mormons are against gay marriage ; a minority of Mormons in CA say they did vote against Prop 8 . There is more than one way to view this issue . It 's amazing how gays ask for tolerance -LRB- and should certainly get it -RRB- but do n't appear very tolerant of those who disagree with their world view . Everyone has to agree with you - is that the American way?It 's funny to see gays cast this a civil rights issue . Ironic , because it was apparently all the blacks who came out to vote for Obama who turned the tide on Prop 8 . They saw it on the ballot and voted for it . So civil rights ? - I think black people would know what `` civil rights '' actually means.It 's unfortunate if individual members said things like they hope that AIDS kills all the gays . I do n't agree with that statement . There is a difference between individuals and organizations . In the Prop 8 aftermath some gays were also quoted in the news as saying strongly-worded things that their national organizations backed away from.I do not support gay marriage , although I 'm in favor of civil unions to give equal legal rights to gay citizens , wherever they do n't already have them . I 'm for protection of gays and everyone else against hate crimes.Legal civil unions , yes . But do n't mess with marriage - that 's a religious thing for me , and a sacred institution . It means a man and a woman committed to each other for life , and to their kids . The bedrock of society . For me , redefining marriage destroys it although I realize some people do n't see it that way . For me , gay marriage is an oxymoron - a nonsensical concept .
 Prop 8 is not anti-gay , it is pro-marriage . Who denies the criminal equality with freemen when laws are broken ? Is it the freemen who erected laws or the criminal who refuses to obey them ? Marriage is a privilege for those who keep God 's laws . Not even Mormons can marry in the temple unless they keep God 's laws . Equality is not license , it is responsibility.Marriage is a religious institution protected by law . The secular equivalent is Civil Union . Were government to appropriate wholesale the religious institution of marriage , to dictate to religious organizations who they will and/or can not marry , then the First Amendment securing the freedom of religion would be abridged.The Wall separating Church and State is impregnable in only one direction . Freedom of Religion means not having one 's tax exempt status threatened for teaching morality or even funding moral movements . The Church has as much right as any other organization to fund the movements it supports . We do not buy this right by paying taxes else it would be no right at all.The lavender revolution 's real beef is not with the LDS church for informing the public of a threat to the religious institution of marriage , but with democracy . Why the revolution believes the religious have no right to vote , no right to freedom of religion , and no right to spend their money as they please seems like persecution to me . Nevertheless , the revolution feels persecuted at every failed attempt to impose its will on the majority .
 the reason there is no trailer is because this movie is horrible . the acting is bad , the filming is bad , it is the worst movie ever
 I am so glad I rented this video . The first thing that comes up is that there is nothing really by Led Zeppelin here . I expected to hear maybe early cuts , but nothing . Very disappointing .
 boring ! this movie is too complicated for kids that dont understand all that scientific stuff.moves too slow to care
 Thematically , this film is somewhat similar to Jean-Claude Brisseau 's first effort in his sexual trilogy , ` The Exterminating Angels ' , insofar as it revolves around three women seeking the ultimate orgasm / sexual ecstasy and one man who assists them bring this concept -LRB- at least in theory and for the sake of the film -RRB- to fruition . But the interplay among the characters and outcome are dramatically different , and for me , a lot less enjoyable.A young French couple are experiencing a melancholy sexual rut - he 's too wrapped up in work and stress to desire sex , she 's bored and unfulfilled , and masturbates when he 's sleeping , but gets caught moaning one night and the relationship buckles as a result . She leaves and is despondent , detached and depressed , but has to eat , and meets a man in a caf&eacute; who 's reading books on hypnosis , trances and hysteria as he studies to become a psychiatrist . She invites herself to sit with him , they engage in conversation regarding his work ; she declares she likes him , enough to go home and to bed with him without even knowing his name.In post-coital conversation , he tells her about several women he has hypnotized , one of whom has had orgasmic bliss while under trance , and she 's intrigued enough to want to meet this woman , and later they go to the woman 's lovers place to watch a game of dominance and submission between the woman , her master and a second woman engage in sadosexual playtime . It 's a good scene , but could 've been better , voyeuristically speaking . Then , musical chairs take place sexually among the people involved , and this too was a good scene ; afterwards they speak of the hypnotic suggestions of the ultimate orgasm all three women seek , and convince the psychiatrist to hypnotize them . Brilliant - does anybody actually believe these things are that easily had?This whole concept of orgiastic ecstasy while under hypnosis sounds like a lot of esoteric brouhaha , and the philosophical and existential considerations and conversations weigh the entire film down in nonsense as believable as an episode of ` Chris Angel Mindfreak ' - too many imaginary weighty concerns being addressed for a sexploitation flick . This Bali Mystic , sexual Svengali-Houdini dribble it descends into is ridiculous after a while , but unfortunately , it gets worse.Later on , the would-be psych hypnotizes the third woman in this triangle , and this woman experiences an out-of-body convulsing orgasm of epic proportion , then actually levitates about a foot off of the floor as though possessed ! When she again becomes earth-bound , a strange , unknown sound is emitted , gradually getting louder as winds swirl most of the objects in the room around as though they 're in a mini-hurricane - the Big Bang theory of orgasmic bliss has now become evidenced ... Please ... I believe this to be the embarrassment in Brisseau 's sexual trilogy , unfortunately , in spite of initial promise , decent performances and beautiful cinematography . As Art House cinema , its hokey plot crevices make it faulty , as arty exploitation it fails to deliver the sexual side of the coin , as risqu&eacute; sexual cinema it 's no kind of adventure at all .
 Good cinematography and somewhat interesting story ; but mediocre dialogue and not very engaging . I would not recommend . This last sentence added just to hit the 20-word requirement for a review .
 Garbage Garbagee Garebage Gaerbage Gearbage Garbeage Garbrage Garbarge Gtarbage Gartbage Garbatge Garbagge Gagrbage Ggarbage Gharbage Gnarbage Garbnage Garbxage Gxarbage Garbagxe Garbzage Gzarbage
 I am reviewing the REVIEW -LRB- NOT the film -RRB- likely to be just above this . There is a reason the film is not widescreen . It was shot/released in 1.37 to 1 . Normal non-widescreen is 1.33 to 1 . The difference between the two is negligible - and it is quite possible the DVD release is in 1.37 to 1 as it will still not appear widescreen in the sense that term is normally used.For verification , please see the film information in imdb .
 This is not a review of the contents of this DVD . This is a complaint that it is listed as widescreen when it is n't . I ca n't believe that a brand new movie is released on disc without the widescreen format . Very misleading and disappointing .
 `` Touch '' has characteristics of a well-crafted TV drama ; namely , well-developed characters and a premise which is unique and initially engaging . However , once all the components of the story are assembled , the result is dull and contrived . Ultimately , everything will work out because the numbers say so . That 's about it . So the viewer is basically promised some sort of magical happy ending from the get-go . The numbers are little more than an omnipotent deus ex machina , and there 's no real mystery , wonder , or drama to the plot resolutions they achieve . All this makes for a boring and saccharine hour of television that really is n't worth investing in .
 Every episode of this show is exactly the same formula . The first show was pretty good . The next was ok . By the third , I 'd lost interest and now flip the channel after American Idol . The social worker in the show is laughable . As a Master Social Worker myself , I can say that no social worker can just arbitrarily decide someone is n't right for their kid and take him/her , stick them in an institution and let the parent come and go as they please . The family court system would be involved . And in this case we have a father who obviously has money , has a nice loft , and loves and takes good care of his child . The child would never have been removed . The writers are very uninformed .
 Just could not get into it no matter how much I liked the idea of it . Really too bad I think it could have been very good .
 If you love hearing the word Jake you will love this TV show . I had such hopes for it , but after 3 episodes I quite watching . Sutherland 's character ends up constantly running after his son Jake in efforts to protect him and says Jake all the time . Of course the boy has a special gift and pays no attention to his father . The twist and turns were interesting but the constant Jake thing just wore me out . It is a frustrating series to watch .
 Barely keeps you following what 's going on . Nothing exciting , especially the past few episodes . Stopped watching last week . I was just watching because I liked Keifer Sutherland from 24 . However here , the story does n't make much sense . It is very boring and embarrassing . Some people say it 's because the movie is about a weird idea , but nothing is more weird than Fringe . When you watch Fringe especially the fourth season , the story looks very convincing and keeps you following what 's going on . Touch has a brite idea but just does n't have a strong story.Overall it 's more like a hype rather than a good movie . Things could change and maybe future episodes and seasons become better , but as of now , it 's just so boring .
 The social worker in this show ca n't just remove a child without going through the family court system . We have a father with money , nice home , food , and who loves his kid . The State does n't just yank a kid out because someone else could do better . If that was the case , most people would n't have their child . Ridiculous.I thought the first episode was good . At the second my family said , `` That was just like the first show . '' And we quit watching it after that .
 It 's difficult to put into words how annoying this is -- an action-drama TV series where the action depends upon a boy magically walking faster than other people run . For years to come , this show will be taught in screen-writing seminars as an example of how to annoy an audience until they ca n't watch anymore.But the dialogue is just as contrived and insulting to the audience . Some of the cringe-inducing lines from this episode : - Metallica never had to audition for a bunch of foreign soldiers.-I 'll tell him that our car is still bigger than his.-For your information , it was the Balkans , not Bolivia.There was nothing wrong with this show as a concept , and the casting was excellent . But the writing is so embarrassingly awful that not only will this show be cancelled soon -LRB- the ratings have fallen 40 % in a month -RRB- , but the writers will probably never work again .
 Come on dude SPEAK LIKE A REAL ACTOR . What , do you think soft porn breathy is dramatic or something ? Annunciate for Christ sake . It is so damm distracting that I ca n't even stand to watch anything that you are in . Or is breathy whispering your trademark like the dweeb knob is Steven Segal 's ? Well at least Segal is no longer sporting it . It 's laughable .
 Come on dude SPEAK LIKE A REAL ACTOR . What , do you think soft porn breathy is dramatic or something ? Annunciate for Christ sake . It is so damm distracting that I ca n't even stand to watch anything that you are in . Or is breathy whispering your trademark like the dweeb knob is Steven Segal 's ? Well at least Segal is no longer sporting it . It 's laughable .
 I loved &#34; Heroes &#34; so I thought &#34; Touch &#34; would continue this writer 's success . However , while it does have some attractive carryovers from Heroes -- most notably realistic-seeming foreign locales and -LRB- subtitled -RRB- dialogue , it verges on self-parody right out of the gate . The excellent Kiefer Sutherland has to work really hard with a woefully underwritten part and ca n't get the character to be believable . Too many scenes of his following his autistic kid and yelling
 CAPTAIN SCARLETT is a real turkey that was surely kiddie matinee material six decades ago.Here you have a princess '' disguised '' as a man in clingy shape-enhancing trousers that reveal what 's missing up front , and a satin blouse that does n't hide her naders too well . Capt. Scarlett is a hambone in red sash and cape who runs around defeating a half-dozen or more swordsmen with ease.The only good thing to arise from the Technicolor stinkcloud this one raised is star Greene 's collaboration with writer/producer Howard Dimsdale on theROBIN HOODTV show , another kidfest.Avoid at all costs ! . Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 4.6 -RRB- Captain Scarlett -LRB- 1953 -RRB- - Richard Greene/Leonora Amar/Nedrick Young/Manuel F&aacute;bregas / Eduardo Noriega/Carlos M&uacute;zquiz / Isabel del Puerto/Jorge Trevi & ntilde ; o
 Before making a career out of the TV show `` Gunsmoke , '' James Arness appeared in a series of classic 1950s science fiction films , including THEM ! , THING FROM ANOTHER WORLD , and INVADERS FROM MARS . TWO LOST WORLDS , an unfortunate mess , was not one of them.TWO LOST WORLDS tries to be too many things at the same time ; it has pirates , ranchers , melodramatic lovers , and intensely annoying `` cute '' characters like Salty , a dreadful walking stereotype who 's supposed to provide comic relief . No one will complain again about Jar Jar Binks from STAR WARS EPISODE I after seeing this turkey . The DVD 's packaging promises `` Prehistoric Time 's Most Awesome Spectacle '' and shows two dinosaurs slugging it out . We do see lizards that are supposed to be dinosaurs about 45 minutes into the film . They may be onscreen for about 2 minutes tops . Not exactly truth in advertising.Image Entertainment has been releasing DVDs of old curiosities to cult fans for a couple years now , and largely I 've been glad of it . TWO LOST WORLDS , however , has nothing to offer to even film fans who believe in the old adage `` this is so bad it 's good '' . The movie is barely an hour long -- a scant 61 minutes -- and offers no special features outside of a list of other James Arness movies . Consider carefully whether you really want to spend the dough on this film .
 Wow . Gathering together miles of stock footage , using leftover sets and costumes , and with a narrator whose dialogue HAD to be written by Ed Wood -LRB- c'mon , NO ONE else could write like that ! -RRB- , this is one of the most stupefying flicks I 've ever come across . The `` clipper ship '' has the most Freudian bowsprit I 've ever seen -LRB- certainly nothing like those actually USED -RRB- , but do n't worry - nothing stays on screen for more than a couple of minutes . The pace is downright frantic - clipper ship , pirates , battle , wild kangaroos , sheep , period-costume ball , another ship , another pirate battle , burning ships , lost island , `` dinosaurs '' , volcano , back to the original clipper . All in about 60 minutes ! Yikes!This one may be of some interest to older Detroit-area viewers because the co-star is Bill Kennedy . Bill used to host a daily TV afternoon movie -LRB- back in those halcyon days before everything was syndicated to death -RRB- , trading in on his days as a B-movie actor . He also gets the funniest scene in the movie , when , after having a large -LRB- styrofoam -RRB- volcanic boulder bounce off of him , he lays down , tells Arness to `` take care of Elaine '' , then jerks his head to the left in the quickest `` death scene '' I 've ever seen . Worth the price of the DVD just to see THAT!The dinosaurs ? Sheesh - must have been used from somewhere else , because they look VERY familiar -LRB- in a cheesy Irwin Allen way -RRB- . But they 're just stuck in with less than 15 minutes to go , and have NO bearing on the `` plot '' . Without them , this would have been a `` pure '' costume-drama . With them , hmmmm , not much improvement.Not really recommendable unless you want to try out your skills as an MST riffer . -LRB- This would have been a GREAT show , with enough extra time for a short ! -RRB- A bit faster paced than `` Lost Continent '' -LRB- what is n't ? -RRB- , which was made the same year , but LOOKS 30 years older due to the 1830 's setting and relentless costuming , and nowhere NEAR the rewatchability factor . Worth a look if you can get it cheap just to see Bill Kennedy and his howler of a death scene .
 The story begins as an around the world trading voyage in the 1830 's , leading into a series of battles with pirates interspersed with a love triangle , and ending on an uncharted island inhabited by stock footage from `` One Million B.C. '' James Arness -LRB- listed as `` Jim Aurness '' in the opening credits -RRB- is the first mate on the trading ship . He is wounded in the first encounter with the pirates , and is dropped off at a settlement in Queensland , while his ship continues its swing through the Dutch East Indies . While recovering at the settlement , he becomes involved in the love triangle . At this point , the same pirates land and raid the settlement , in the process making off with Arness 's love . Arness and men from the settlement chase after and overtake the pirates in a fast sloop . In the ensuing battle , both ships are set ablaze and abandoned . Arness , his love , his rival for her affections , plus a few others escape in a lifeboat . After a couple of days they land on an uncharted island said to be near 131E and 8S . While looking for water , they find themselves superimposed on battling giant lizards . Shortly thereafter , the volcano on the island explodes . Just when all seems lost , Arness 's original ship returns to rescue the survivors . A narrator is used throughout the movie to speed events along . It is left to the viewer to decide what are the `` Two Lost Worlds '' referred to in the title . Better than it sounds .
 I purchased this movie based on it 's title and because James Arness was in it . The title sounded good and I have seen James in a number of movies from the 50 's -LRB- e.g. , The Thing , and THEM -RRB- so how could I go wrong . Well - the movie starts out slow , drags in the middle , and the prehistoric creatures -LRB- a couple of big lizards -RRB- do n't even show up until the end of the movie . It will be hard for me to watch this one twice .
 boat goes to sea , gets pirated , wins , lands on australia-world1-ok but brief borin land scene , then gets land pirated by same ones , then chased to sea , loses and lands on world 2-no spitting monster vultures or anything but a croc w / a fin who bit a gila monster - -LRB- -LRB- stock footage from other film-1 mil . b.c. which was on tv recent by surprise free and better because it was unedited -RRB- -RRB- , then back to this pic,-volcano caused lizard & croc jumping , 2 secs of neat but cheap special fx on volcano smoke in background . the next day the group is picked up at sea by their former boat . -LRB- b/w boring movie -RRB- - if it sells it should be .01 minus 2 $ shipping . lousy , i ca n't even pawn it , they want $ 1 for it but said i have to get 4 more lousy movies like this one to pawn a total of 5 $ - just my continued dumb luck , oh but no , i want my $ back -LRB- oh,ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh-sam kinison -RRB- .
 I 'm a serious fan of the cheesiest old black-and-white monster flicks . I typically sort my lists starting from the cheapest - and so when this one popped up , I bought it . OK , you get what you pay for . Awful . Awful . Awful . Or maybe just boring , boring boring . Where are the dinosaurs ? Where is the ` spectacle ' . Basically a pseudo western soap opera of the TV kind - that just happens to have James Arness lurking somewhere in the cast -LRB- definitely not ` starring ' -RRB- . I tried to give it No Stars - but the system would n't let me .
 Omnipresent lechery , boredom , and forced frivolity -LRB- with a dash of god-awful French pop music of the 1950s -RRB- dominate this beautifully-shot , pointless movie . Now , once you see the poster for Bizet 's CARMEN in the office of the old lecher who runs the small appliance store you know that someone has to die violently . This small shop which never has customers has four attractive young saleswomen and an attractive not-so-young cashier . The twist here is that the bad girl -LRB- Carmen in the opera -RRB- will survive even though she hangs out with guys who rape her . The good girl who is looking for love -LRB- Micaela in the opera -RRB- will die at the hands of the heroic figure -LRB- the toreador in the opera , the stalker on the motorcycle in the movie -RRB- . Carmen -LRB- in the opera -RRB- knows she is going to die because the fortune teller tells her so . But here our good girl is told by the the cashier that she will find love . She becomes convinced that love is on the way from touching the cloth that the cashier has that has the blood of a guillotined serial rapist and murderer . She thinks it means that she 's going to find love , but we know the obvious
 No dialog for most the movie . I stopped watching . It is just two women who strip and seem like they have some experience at it . I just do n't get it . I would n't waste my time .
 Not what i expected.wish there was a preview or better description to let viewers know whats awaiting them , or better yet a preview .
 okay this one is well just dance sexy and more touching than anything the girls are hot but it like a strip movie then anything if want see i say rent before buy
 Poor production , high school drama class , poor filmography . Should get paidto watch it and give critique . Illogical premise , in which a battle suit is developed , with only fighting capabilities , for ... . peace ?
 The best thing in this movie is the suit . Bad acting , terrible story line . Illogical plot . This would not even rate to be a B-movie .
 Acting school 101 . lots of work needed to make this one go . Fight scene near the end was , &#34; Hey , Where did that guy come from ? &#34;
 I will not waste your time and money so in a few words `` s t a y a w a y '' from this so called `` movie '' Any TV series look better than this .
 This movie has to be one the biggest pieces of crap I have ever seen in my life ! I would not recommend it to Satan ! If you like this movie , well there 's no accounting for taste , but more power to you . Do not buy , rent or even download this , you 'll regret it .
 Same thing happened to me . Only got through 25 seconds . Where can I get my money back ? I love this show and I do n't want to miss a crucial episode .
 The file is damaged or something , plays a few minute and then locks up . How do we complain about this ?
 The video file is broken and wo n't play past 7:35 . There 's no ETA on a fix . I PAY to watch videos online so I do n't have to deal with this : -LRB-
 WELL I 'LL TELL YOU!OUT OF ALL THE DVD 'S I HAVE ORDERED THROUGH AMAZON I HAVE NEVER GOTTEN ONE SO BAD.THE SECOND DISK SKIPPED SO BAD IT WAS TERRIBLE , AND THE THIRD DISK WAS WORST.I AM DISABLED SO THE HASSLE OF RETURNING JUST AI N'T WORTH IT.I HAVE ANOTHER DVD -LRB- SEASON 5 -RRB- . ALREADY ORDERED FROM THE SAME SELLER AND IF THIS ONE COMES IN BAD I 'LL BE DONE ORDERING DVDS FROM AMAZON !!!
 The writing on this show , at least this season , is so ridiculous it 's laughable . The plotlines are shallow , trite , and poorly developed . The dialog tries way too hard to be funny . The actors look like they are in a panic trying to get through the MASS of quippy cutesy lines they are forced to say that have NOTHING to do with their characters . Makes for bad acting when good actors must say stupid things . Kids in film school write better than this .
 This video will not play past 7 min . I contacted customer service and they told me it was my computer . So not true , this is amazon 's fault that this video does not play correctly , not happy that I am missing one show from the middle of the season , I pay to watch so I do n't have to deal with playback problems . I have never had a problem playing a video from this season or from any other shows , it is not my computer , it is amazon and they need to fix this . It is so annoying .
 wish I knew what this season had in store ... it wont let me watch what I paid for does anyone know what the deal is ????
 First , I must state that I dislike violent films , and tend to avoid viewing them . That way , the vast majority of persons reading this review will know right away that they probably have nothing useful to learn from my review -LRB- and will probably mark it as `` not helpful '' because after all , how dare someone like me post a review of a horror film ? -RRB- On the other hand , though , this film was rated G -LRB- way back in 1968 , when that meant only `` Suggested for GENERAL audiences - all ages admitted '' and did n't have any other connotations -RRB- and so I thought perhaps this might have something of the flavor of `` golden age '' Hollywood films that have spooky old houses and mysterious music as a woman explores haunted hallways in candlelight and maybe glimpses a creepy figure and screams . My hope was that it would be in classic style , rather than the sadistic junk that passes for `` horror '' in today 's cinema.Unfortunately , this film was very much what I should have expected from Christopher Lee ... . It is also the bloodiest G-rated film I 've ever seen . That 's right - bloodiest ! Today , when bloody violence means an R rating , it sounds like a joke to say that a G-rated film could possibly be bloody . At most , one would think that a close-up of someone 's finger with a papercut would be the most that a G rating would allow . Well , this was 1968 , so ignore all that marketing junk that has surrounded the rating system in the following decades . The early ratings had long been criticized for being overly concerned with sex and profanity and not concerned enough with violence . And this film is a great example of that . Parents DID complain at the time , but Jack Valenti just said that
 this dvd will not play on my dvd or computer and i have had others to play it on there dvd player but it does not work , the dvd looks good but will not play i dont no what to do about please let me no thanks .
 Dracula gets locked out of his house and is justifiably upset . Then follows 2 excruciating hours of boredom . The Dracula cycle was never as good as the hammer frankenstein cycle . Why ? because Dracula never has anything interesting to do ... always its vengeance against those who have awakened him , no plot , no cushing or morrel , horrible photography -LRB- unusual for hammer -RRB- and dismal , though doom laden score.And dracula is such a wimp too ...
 THIS AN OK DRACULA FILM IN THE HAMMER SERIES , THE SUSPENCE IS NOT THAT GREAT AND THE ENDING IS PREDICTABLE.THE ONLY GOOD ACTING IN THE FILM COMES FROM CHRISTOPHER LEE WHILE THE OTHERS IN FILM ARE DECENT .
 The quality of the acting is two stars , the plot well is cycles , bullets , bodies and the CIA . Yep that covers the plot . Look this is an example of cheap low buget fim making of the late sixties and early sevenites . This was cranked out for teenage boys to go to see at drive ins or the cheap theatres in their town to see . Roger Corman started these types of movies and spawned hundreds of copy cat movies . Th only reason to see this is to relive a time of American history or to see what GRIND HOUSE was paying tribute to . These were trash then and now they are kind of funny to watch.However for me this movie means more . I can tell you exactly where and when I saw this movie and even the seat where I sat . I saw this one in Amarillo , Tx . at the State Theatre . I was in the balcony on the left side on the front row . I went to see this movie becasue the theatre was having a Sneal Preview with it . So for the price one , you got to see two moives and in 1970 that was a big deal . I remember thae audience hoop and hollored through LOSERS . The sneak came up and on the screen was the picture of some Army helicopters flying through some green hills . I though okay another war movie . Then four initals came up on the screen-M.A.S.H and the rest was history . You never a forget your first time to see a classic movie .
 Cheesey.The plot was OK but the acting , special effects , and music were terrible . I know it was filmed in the late 1960 's or early 1970 's but it was still sub-par for that era .
 The movie is good , in terms of great acting with a dark , twisted and not-too fast pace . In fact , that 's what sells the whole film . Kat Dennings is solid in her performance as an egotistical teen with a somewhat third person view of events . She beings sleeping with her teacher , as played by Josh Lucas ; all the while being pursued by the guilt ridden pre-junkie destined to become her age appropriate boytoy . Set against the backdrop of a bitter town with a serial killer tooling around , the first half of the movie holds promise . And falls flat . Essentially , she begins dating the other teen , who betrays her in the end , but we realize that she will tolerate this -- and more -- probably for the entirety of her life because drugs are a valid excuse and life is temporary . Well , life is temporary , but I was left with the impression that she really is the ` foppish little moron ' that her by all accounts mentally-ill teacher fictionalized in his novel . Well acted , but predictable . A one-time watch . Once you get over a great cast and cinematography , the remainder is stereotypes and socially sanctioned ignorance .
 terrible ... serial killer indie flick ? dont watch . I have high standards and this did n't even entertain me for the night . also it ruins josh lucas , sad times
 I am a big fan of vampire movies . I hesitate to call this a vampire movie , it most resembled porn . I was very very disappointed in every aspect of this film . The cinematography as well as the weak plot non-suspense non interesting performance . It was sooooo bad you did n't care about the characters or anything else that this horrible movie offered . Someone rated it a five star movie , they must be on something very prowerful . Trust me IT IS NOT near a star !!! I would have given it no stars but you dont have that option .
 Gritty ? When I saw that review I had to write my own . `` Night Junkies '' is not a gritty film . Nor is it that far outside the genere , as the vampire-as-junkie film has only recently been done elsewhere ; e.g. `` I Pass For Human '' , & `` The Thirst '' . This has better production values than those two films I 'll grant it that.But there 's something that peeves me about a film that deceives from the very front cover - featuring a girl with puncture marks in her neck . There 's no fangs in this film . Instead the vampires tear into the throats of their victims.This serves only to trick people into buying a film they might otherwise avoid .
 I was lured into buying this one since the description of the story sounded pretty good . Once I put this one into the player though , it was all over . Instead of a good Vampire Thriller , all I got was a movie that could n't make up its mind whether it wanted to be a vampire film or some kind of a strange violent - romantic road movie type of a film . Hence , my advice do n't waste your money or time on this one . There are plenty of better movies around .
 Night Junkies did manage to keep my attention , however I felt like I was watching a movie more like Requeim for a Dream than a vampire movie . It 's not what I was expecting .
 As someone who has n't seen the original '' Walking Tall '' -LSB- I have seen the 2004 version that starred The Rock , That was n't too good -RSB- , I picked this movie up , Being that it was about Buford Pusser and because it was so cheap . But , After i watched this movie , I did n't feel like i would wan na watch this whole movie again . Tenessee sheriff Buford Pusser -LSB- Played here by Brian Dennehy -RSB- Goes up against a former friend who 's responsible for the mayhem that 's going on in his town . And , Buford also tries to help a freed prostitute , Who 's now persecuted for her past , get a new start in her life . This movie was definitely not what i had hoped it would be . Being that '' Walking Tall '' was an action film , I was hoping this would be an action film . Instead , This is more of a drama -LSB- Which does n't have to be a bad thing -RSB- . Most of the acting is n't that good , But the good performance of Brian Dennehy as Buford Pusser is really the only thing to wan na even watch this film for . The movie 's too slow moving at times and it seems kinda dated . But , After all , This movie is from the 70s , So what do you expect ? This Tv movie , In my opinion , Does n't do enough justice to Buford Pusser . I will now be trying to buy the original '' Walking Tall '' to see if that movie will be the movie about Buford Pusser that i 'll actually like . This movie 's probably good for fans of old 1970s cop shows . I will admit that the few action scenes that are in this movie are pretty good . Well , I guess this is another case of the i-get-what-i-paid-for routine . Hope this review helped . You be blessed .
 As a Buford Pusser `` Walking Tall '' fan I was certainly disappointed with this TV film of the Tennessee hero . As a movie fan , this ranks as one of the worst veiwing experiences of my life .
 One of the worst movies I 've ever seen ; not to mention trying to compare to Walking Tall Trilogy . Calls itself '' the film that inspired Walking Tall '' . Not even acknowledged at the museum that Buford 's daughter has set up . Paid 2 cents for this and feel I overpaid .
 Here 's the TV-movie version of the Buford Pusser story . Although it is not nearly as gripping as the theatrical film `` Walking Tall '' -LRB- starring Joe Don Baker -RRB- , it is definitely a cut above the awful sequels with Bo Svenson . Brian Dennehy , as usual , delivers a solid performance , and his fans will enjoy it . It 's not a great film , but not bad , either . It 's definitely worth a look , just for Dennehy 's performance .
 I 'm not sure what age this is geared for but it has pretty mature topics . I had to turn it off , it was too much for my kids . In fairness , anything that references a `` death race '' in the title is really not kid appropriate - shame on me for not reading it but come on guys its Batman and should be somewhat kid friendly .
 This was the worst movie and a waste of my time . I want my money back .
 Ignore the previous posts that complained about the movie . I give this movie 5 stars and I 've seen it probably 20 times and love it ! The only reason I rated it 2 stars is so that people who just click to see the low stars and take the few peoples ' crappy opinions into account , that they may read mine and watch this movie.Some of the previous people 's 2 star reviews say Mel was not witty , intellegent , and that the movie was not funny . Or I think one person even complained that it should n't have been funny and that it was n't a real western or something . Duh , It 's a comedy . It 's not supposed to be a real western . And complaining about the western movie cliches ? Why does every shot in a movie have to be 100 % original to call it a good movie ? I personally like western cliches . And even if I did n't ... the overall feel of the movie after you watch it is ... `` i was fun , entertaining , and hilarious so WATCH ME AGAIN ! '' I ca n't stand it when people nit-pic every little thing in a movie without any real good reasons to call it a bad movie.The movie IS very funny . Mel Gibson does a great job playing a witty , intellegent , smart-elic , poker player . He uses wit and smart-elic remarks to get under people 's skin and kinda get on their nerves . But at the same time he 's very likable . Just as Jodie foster says in the movie `` you 're so ... irritating , but likable ! '' Mel 's very funny , smart , witted acting is the reason I like to watch this movie again and again.The entire movie it seems he ca n't trust the woman he 's with or any of his friends to not screw him over , which adds a fun spin around every corner . The jokes are funny , the story is good , Mel Gibson 's acting is GREAT . Forget what those other people said . In my opinion , this is my FAVORITE character ever played by Mel Gibson . He 's funny , witty , and such a smart-elic that you ca n't help but like him . GREAT movie . Must see !! On a side note ... The only thing I did n't care for was Jodie Foster 's fake southern accent . Horrible accent . But other than that the movie is great . See it .
 A great cast wasted on a convoluted script . I was expecting much , much more .
 I rented this film after being impressed by James Garner 's portrayal of Woodrow F Call in Streets of Laredo . Most of the cast seem to be having a great time but too many jokes fall flat . Neither Gibson and Foster seem to have a clue playing Western characters . Like Billy Crystal in City Slickers with none of the irony . The film is lighthearted with chuck wagon loads of old TV western cliches . Guns being shot off peoples hands , Mel rescuing a run-away stagecoach , and a Royal Flush winning hand . Yawn . -LRB- Which shows how brilliant Spielberg was in Raiders of the Lost Ark , bringing a fresh variation to a tired action sequence . -RRB- Its all done by the numbers with no inspiration . If you 're looking for a film about clever slight of hand and humourous double crosses you 're better off watching The Sting with Newman and Redford.The movie was a great re-union of old TV western stars , country singers , and modern actors . I wish they remembered to make a movie worth renting .
 I should warn prospective buyers that the Blu-ray transfer is almost as disappointing as the film . It 's excessively soft * -LRB- eye-straining on a large display -RRB- and virtually grain-free , suggesting that heavy grain reduction was used . Not good -- not good at all . They should also be aware that the Blu-ray is available from at least one other source for considerably less . `` Maverick '' should have been a truly great entertainment , a classic film , close in quality to `` Superman '' . -LRB- Really . -RRB- It 's / so / disappointing that `` disaster '' seems the only valid adjective.Its origin is the classic '50s TV Western , with James Garner and Jack Kelly alternating as Bret and Bart Maverick , quick-witted gamblers . America took James Garner to its collective heart , and made him -LRB- arguably -RRB- the most-belov &eacute;d TV actor ever , even unto this day . Women adored him -- my mother drooled.So how do you make a lousy film from such good material ? Richard Donner has been blamed -- one critic said of this film `` Stop him before he directs again ! '' . Donner 's failure is not so much poor direction -LRB- though it appears everyone was having too much of a good time to pay close attention to what was going on in front of the camera -RRB- , but not recognizing what a lousy script he 'd been handed -- then doing something about it.The William Goldman script is a major problem . Goldman does n't know the basics of good screenwriting , such as terse dialog , ** and scenes or sequences that build from a start and develop to an end . -LRB- Ever heard of Beethoven , Bill ? -RRB- The script is notably devoid of comic or dramatic tension , and the un-con-voluted plot does n't help , either . -LRB- One expects Bret to be in on a couple of major cons , not just the one at the end . -RRB- The twists and turns are left for the finale , none of them particularly surprising.Goldman 's dialog is spectacularly flat and unamusing . Example ... When Bret crawls on top of the runaway stagecoach to stop it , Coop -LRB- Garner -RRB- asks if the driver is asleep . Bret 's witty reply ... `` No , he 's dead . '' Duh ... How about `` He 's got a bad case of not breathing '' ? Or even `` Yeah ... The big sleep . '' Not brilliant , but at least an / attempt / to be funny in a film that 's supposed to be a comedy . Mr Goldman , you can not build a comedy with bricks of `` on the nose '' dialog.The other major problem is Gibson 's severely limited acting range . `` Wit '' and `` intelligence '' are not qualities one associates with Mr Gibson . Unfortunately , they / are / qualities one associates with Bret Maverick , and James Garner so marvelously displayed . Gibson knows how to play `` goofy '' -LRB- as in Three Stooges goofy -RRB- , but no idea of how to be witty . His Bret Maverick is an undisciplined doofus , absolutely / not / the sort of behavior one expects from a successful gambler . It does n't help that , standing next to Garner , he looks like a scrawny li'l runt.James Garner made a / career / of playing what might be called a `` professional coward '' . His characters -- in `` Maverick '' , `` Nichols '' , `` The Americanization of Emily '' , and even `` The Rockford Files '' -- are acutely aware of the odds , and prefer not to get involved unless those odds heavily favor success . But Gibson 's Maverick admits he 's `` spineless '' , and too-often acts foolishly -- especially letting his head be turned by a pretty face -LRB- particularly when she 's a gambler -RRB- , and allowing her to repeatedly lift his billfold . In short , Mel Gibson 's Bret Maverick AI N'T James Garner 's Bret Maverick , and the comparison , as the British say , is odious.Gibson 's playing Maverick like Clark Kent works against us believing the character as a `` swave '' operator around women . His first private encounter with Jodi Foster is remarkably tensionless and unconvincing , partly due to Goldman 's poor dialog.If your level of expectation is extremely low , you / might / enjoy this film . But those who grew up with the witty original are likely to react with loud braying . This is a jackass of a movie . * No , it is / not / my player -LRB- Sony BDP-S550 -RRB- or display -LRB- KURO 151 -RRB- . The disk 's splash panel is almost eye-rippingly sharp . ** By terse , I mean `` every word counts '' . Goldman too often says nothing .
 Now do n't get me wrong , the movie was great . Good acting by all and great casting . The cast always appears to be genuinely having fun throughout the movie . The script was the backbone of the movie and made this one of the best comedy / westerns ever.However , the DVD real stinks . There are no extras except for a few production notes which are all written . I expected a lot more from such a wonderful movie.The 2 stars are for the DVD not the movie .
 This is a two star stinker . We were promised hilarity , and all we got was smirking , a very thin story , and excessive length . Either a film is a put-on or not , and this movie could not quite make up its mind . The comedy bits fall extremely flat , and the violence is just plain nasty , as is some of the language . In short , a complete waste of time that does nothing for the reputation of Gibson and Foster .
 I 'm surprised by all the praise this movie gets here at Amazon and beyond . There really was n't much here I liked . The soundtrack was the usual `` pap '' you 'd expect from a family friendly movie , though the sets were nice . It seems this movie was just miscast . Mel just does n't do comedy all that well , at least for a lead role . Jame Garner , the reason I bought this seems more like a bystander . And Jodie is Jodie and I never bought for a moment she was her character.Although the cast is a powerhouse -LRB- on paper -RRB- , sadly the chemistry never really works and the jokes are just cornball . An example
 My review is limited to the picture and sound quality of the DVD transfer . The movie itself is fine -- great cast , very funny -- 5 stars for the movie , 0 stars for the DVD quality . The transfer of this film to DVD is one of the worst that I have seen ! The picture quality is quite poor , very grainy and almost out of focus . It seems that it was copied from a VHS version of the movie . The movie was made in 1994 -- it 's not that old ! This otherwise good movie deserves much better treatmenet than this .
 I received this DVD in poor shape ... would n't work at all ... RETURNED it , but NEVER received another copy , or a refund !!! VERY poor business !!!
 I really expected this to be better . The acting was TERRIBLE and one of the first scenes of the movie is the mayor of New Orleans involved in what seems like a very shady deal . The lessons to children are also very questionable . Three kids -LRB- about 12 yrs old -RRB- alone in the swamps of new orleans in the dark ! The plot of this story is fabulous I only wish that it had been done better ! So as an adult I really disliked this movie , however my 5 year old son thought it was cute . Even if we did have to interject from time to time to remind him what was inappropriate .
 Overall , a disappointing movie with bad acting , poor continuity , and sub-par special effects . The Labou animatronic is reminiscent of a 1980 's Teddy Ruxpin . More disturbing are the lessons that your child might learn from this film , such as
 Just to preface , I was born in Taiwan , and although I grew up in the United States , I 've returned several times to visit relatives . When I saw the movie on my cable video-on-demand list , I had no idea what the story would be about . The preview said it was about an FBI agent investigating the murder of a Taiwanese-American college professor . So , I thought
 As a film , Formosa Betrayed just does n't get the audience going . Despite some strong efforts by the cast , the script just is n't sincere enough in terms of telling a dramatic story . It comes across more like using the story as a vehicle to get its political message across . Unfortunately , the political messages in the film seem to outweigh plot points as we are try to find a story within the politics surrounding it . The jumping back in forth in the timeline further emphasizes that the politics of the period is more important than his investigation of the murder.Even if one is unfamiliar with the history of Taiwan politics , it 's pretty clear what the film is suggesting from the start of things . Therefore , the main character 's realization is not exactly earth shattering . No one watching the film will be shocked to learn that the authoritarian Nationalist government is doing a cover-up job of a hit done on U.S. soil.Scene after scene , the badness of the government and the response of the characters seem a bit forced and hurts the credibility of the film . Despite history lessons given by the supporting characters to Agent Kelly , one ca n't help but feel that it 's only one side of the story in a much more complex situation with the R.O.C. government in Taiwan , the PRC on the mainland , and the U.S. . The characters simplify the history a bit and unfortunately it does not lend much to what our FBI agent learns and feels by the end of the film.Yes , it 's clear that he knows there 's something wrong with the government and that the U.S. , for various reasons including an arms deal , is basically looking the other way . But these realizations just are n't that satisfying . It seems like Agent Kelly is on his first overseas trip as an FBI agent and he ca n't believe right and wrong do n't seem to matter in the great scheme of things.But without getting too much into politics , it 's not quite clear what the exact position of the U.S. government is in regards to Taiwan . What is clear is how a U.S. audience should react by the ending messages . Basically , the filmmakers are saying that Taiwan -LRB- Republic of China actually -RRB- is only recognized by 20 + countries and the U.S. is not one of them . The final monologue from Agent Kelly 's boss is basically saying that he does n't give a rat 's ass about human rights and democratic freedoms in Taiwan because it 's beyond the U.S. interest in the region.It 's a straightforward way of saying that Americans need to care about Taiwan 's political status because of the oppression and murder committed by the regime during the film . But as a viewer , I ca n't help but think that the average American viewer still wo n't care after watching the film unless he or she cared before watching the film . Despite the best efforts by the producers to make people who were unaware care about Taiwan and it 's struggle to stay out of CCP control , the monologue or arguments made by Agent Kelly 's boss seemed like the most sincere part of the script.The script seems to suffer from a seemingly unclear and possibly dishonest motivation of the Taiwan Independence movement as being chiefly about staying out of Chinese Communist control . But this seems more like an issue for audiences to think about in terms of Taiwan 's political direction in this day and age . Formosa Betrayed details an oppressive government but the motivation for the movement is about not allowing the Nationalists to unite Taiwan with the Communist regime on the mainland.But it seems confusing to the viewer because the oppressive KMT regime is clearly anti-Communist in more than one scene . So are they anti-Communists or pro-Communists ? In one of the film 's more ambitious scenes , actor Kenneth Tsang 's character who admits to a cover-up in the ROC government to Agent Kelly seems a little dishonest because it 's not really clear why Taiwan does not want to be a part of China . On what basis do we know that the local Taiwanese people do n't want that ? And on what basis do we know that the KMT government wants to sell Taiwan to the Communists ? It seems like it 's a natural assumption the audience is supposed to agree with , but scene after scene , we are looking at a Nationalists regime and not a Communist regime.So while the KMT government is the main element the heroes in the film are battling against , the ultimate point of the film is that Taiwan does not want to be a part of China -LRB- the PRC -RRB- . But why ? The film does n't really express why that 's the case and assumes that the audience should know why . Unfortunately , this basic argument brought forth over and over again as the real reason why the KMT regime is behaving that way seems a little too hypothetical and not concrete.Unfortunately , the history between the Communists , Nationalists , and the U.S. on the mainland is much more complex than the film suggests . The producer 's character Ming says that the KMT lost because they could n't stop stealing everything from the public like they did in Taiwan . It 's a bit of a simplification of course , but it comes off as `` We just do n't like them , so that 's why they failed on the mainland . `` There 's no reason why any of the characters would know why this and that happened on the mainland . It seems like since they do n't like living under the KMT regime and they think that 's why they lost over there . But too much of a simplification over that period of history just makes the film look biased instead of focusing on the story and the political elements driving it.As a thriller , it 's hard to get excited about whether the Agent Kelly succeeds in getting his witness out of the airport . Since his witness is going to share with the entire world what the audience probably knows before even sitting down to watch the film , it does not feel that important rather he gets out or not.The film is already exposing the Nationalists government as it is , and calling a press conference in the States to expose the government would have felt emotionally redundant . Of course legally , it 's a big deal , but from the movie 's standpoint it 's like saying the same thing.All in all , the film represents mostly what the 2nd generation Taiwanese Americans have been told by their parents and that point of view is limited as we can see that the producer 's ability to truly interpret the motivations of the KMT government . Mixing and matching today 's issue with the KMT government `` trying to sell out Taiwan to the Communists '' and the past where the KMT government was oppressing a movement they saw as undermining the Republic of China government on Taiwan , are 2 very different things . But the film attempts to make this the main point the viewer should learn about the KMT government.It 's like using the past human rights cases to rally white Americans to support Taiwan Independence in today 's situation . But for the sake of honesty , these 2 issues should really be kept separate because the film came off as manipulative to one who knows more about the real motivations of both the KMT and the Dangwai -LRB- green -RRB- movement at that time in the 80 's . A key point not expressed in the film regarding Taiwan 's past or present is that the T.I. movement is really about taking the Republic of China central government and turning it into the Republic of Taiwan government and totally ousting the 1949 mainlanders that brought the central government of China to Taiwan province . While the film makes the T.I. movement look innocent , behind all of it , is a movement that is really about stealing the ROC government from the mainlanders and taking it as their own central government that redefines the borders to just Taiwan province . It is not about overthrowing the ROC government and establishing an ROT government . It 's just about changing the name and saying that everything the ROC government brought with it now belongs to them and the '49 mainlanders are just immigrants in Taiwan.To the target audience the film is intended for , they would be hardly aware of what the true intentions of the T.I. movement are and will only see an authoritarian government suppressing the population.But the vision of the film is of course limited to the point of view of its producer , and it comes off as very narrow sighted in its historical interpretation . However , this is very common in 2nd . generation Taiwanese American families . Having been misguided by their families to begin with , they often go on to be activists taking them further down a misguided path . Taiwan 's history goes back much further than just the transition period between the Japanese Empire and the ROC in 1945 . The Taiwanese point of view has been distorted by the generation born into the Japanese empire after 1895 . It 's that generation that does not want to be Chinese because they were essentially born Japanese but are Chinese ethnically . Naturally , the descendants of that generation maintain the same sentiment and view the Chinese Nationalists in a negative manner mostly due to the ideological clash between the Japanese Empire and the mainland regime who were at war with each other for the last 8 years . The Taiwanese were essentially on the axis side of World War II and were trained to look down on Chinese by the Japanese . It 's the real reason why being `` Chinese '' is such a low class thing to them . It was not because of some of the low-class mainlanders that first came to Taiwan in 1945 although this first impression did not help . And of course not all mainlanders were low class at that time . But first impressions last.The Han Chinese from Fujian province who later called themselves Taiwanese did not always have that point of view , and before 1895 Han people from Fujian were just Qing dynasty subjects like everyone else on the mainland and therefore Chinese or a part of a Sino-Chinese nation controlled by the Manchus.Therefore , in a way this generation that has descended from the Japanese generation has actually misinterpreted their own past because all they have known is only what their grandparents and parents experienced . And that is heavily influenced by the Japanese colonial period . They would n't see the policy of Mandarin as the national language as a negative thing because the policy would have been enforced at the same time on the mainland and Taiwan if they were both ruled by the ROC in the first half of the century . They would know that Minnan dialect is just one of many dialects from Fujian and would see the necessity for a unifying dialect for all Han Chinese people . Unfortunately , the separation for 50 years and being on opposite sides of WW2 has led to a great deal of mistrust , misunderstanding , and animosity between the 2 sides which got worse once the 2 groups had to live with each other on the same island.Since the T.I. movement distorts history in a way that essentially `` legalizes '' its attempt to supplant the Republic of China from the 1949 mainlanders that moved China 's central government to a province already under its control , someone who comes from that background would naturally tell the story the way that he/she understands it.However , it resulted in a film that was terribly misguided from the very start .
 I am a Taiwanese who lived in Taiwan more than 30 years . First of all , whatever in the movie ... definitely not 1980 's ... In my whole life , I have never seen soldiers / secrete polices patrolled on the street and arrested people , liked the movie showed . -LRB- The street more looked like 1950 's -RRB- The historical part of the movie is laughable ... During the 80 's ??? ARE YOU SERIOUS ??? Yes , Taiwan did have a period of political horror around 1950 's and 1960 's . But so did the USA and many many other countries , right ??? That should be the lessons that will never happen again and move on with our lives . I do n't understand the purpose of this movie ... is it trying to heal the wound ? or is it simply trying to spread the hatred under the false / fictional plots ? Keep in mind that it is Taiwanese people who spoke and voted for KMT government . I do n't think there is much to argue about that ! Taiwan is a free island today , probably more so than many other countries . This is the hard work from people who LIVE there . Even as a fictional story , this movie is not well made .
 Under no circumstances should the information disseminated at the `` International Science and Consciousness Conference '' be classified as science . While some might be fascinated by this fanciful view of the world , I found the information to be laughable at best ; and at times , even anger inducing.To be fair , Dr. Gibson is a decent presenter . For the most part , the clarity and cadence of his speech was above average . However , at several points during the presentation , he would give slight pause before presenting a `` fact '' . The pauses were brief , but spoke volumes . It seemed as if he was attempting to force himself to believe the absurd statements before they were vocalized.The information on `` Detritus '' was particularly ridiculous ; mainly the list of food containing large amounts of this toxic substance
 We laughed ourselves silly over the outrageous costumes . If this was what busby berkley was famous for , help us all . Even given the year it was made it is comedic . Hedy Lammar looks sinster , Judy Garland looks up usual pilled up self . Lana Turners tried her dramatic skills which are non existent . I 'm reminded of a quote from Bea Arthur `` There will never be a generation as naive as we were ''
 This was so stupid & corny that I could n't even stand to watch the whole thing . Even for 99 cents it 's a complete waste of money : /
 The story and legends from the Indians were really good in this film , but the unstable white guy and the Wilatuck obsessed Spanish guy both killed the whole thing . I think this would have been a much better flick if the writer would have just based it all around the Indians and local legend.I do n't believe there has ever been such a sea monster in that area , not like Loch Ness , but does get you going . It was kind of fun .
 The guy who wants to kill Willatuk is clearly mentally unstable , as is his family . It was very sad to see them exploited in this context . However , a separate show on TLC devoted to their craziness could be a ratings hit , a la Here comes Honey Boo Boo .
 was the honeymoon one not this one so had to reorder and made new cover for this one for what was actually enclosed . Disappointed .
 The first movie of the series was cute and heart warming but since then the product has very quickly declined . The cast is not the same and it shows . The plot is stupid and the acting very mediocre .
 This movie continues the Romance of King Edward and Queen Paige in as they uncover a sad princess who is promised in marriage to someone she does n't like or love . When the royal couple are due a gift of their choosing for bringing the sacred elephant back to the King , the would be groom is found out to be a cruel man who takes advantage of the country 's people . The King cancels his daughter 's wedding and she is allowed to wed the man she loves .
 this film is incomplete . the ed enoch interview is all you get . look at the description on back of dvd or the trailor online and its missing videos and other interviews by ed hill and one of his female costars along with the concert footage .
 I was very disappointed in this ! 42 minutes ??? And it is just someone who `` knew '' Elvis talking about him . Did n't say anything I had not already reador heard ! To me it is just another shot at making a buck off of knowing -LRB- ? -RRB- Elvis Presley.Would not waste my money to rent it again - much less BUY IT !!!
 Elvira , a woman who will make you glad you stayed up those late nights watching bad movies . Gamera , a giant monster turtle who fights against other monsters . Talk about beauty and the beast ! The movie is as bad as bad gets . It features poor dubbing , bad audio and is a lame story overall . I found it bearable only because elvira is genuinely entertaining in the few bits you see her in . Personally , I would n't recommend it because elvira has her own movie so watching this for her is nearly pointless . If you like old monster movies please search elsewhere . You can find this in better quality and possibly in japanese language if you look hard enough .
 Ah , the last Gamera movie in the original series . The series progressively got worse and unfortunately , as much as I love the fire breathing turtle , it went out with a whimper than a bang . Most of the movie is stock footage from previous Gamera films , and I do n't mean a quick flashback for reference or a reoccurring character have a dream sequence . And the new original content sprinkled throughout is n't much better . It 's not a surprise this is one of the harder to find Gamera movies . While the dai kaiju fan in me loved finally being able to watch the `` lost '' Gamera movie , especially hosted by the lovely Elvira , it 's nothing special and even fans of the genre can safely skip it without feeling like they 're missing something .
 The 2009 release lacks English -LRB- or any other -RRB- captioning ; the heavy , working-class Australian accents make `` Newcastle '' annoyingly difficult to follow . Not recommended , unless you know the lingo or have a good ear plus first-class playback equipment .
 There is some nice eye candy in the film but that 's abou it . Slow paced script , the events in the timeline are almost glosed over and underdeveloped characters . Not even worth a rental
 So I picked this up as it was recommended based on my interest in gay themed films . Interesting . It 's definitely shy in the gay content . However , if you 're looking for a film with great surfing , lovely scenary , a few hot surfer dudes ad ample butt shots , watch this film . It was cute , but I wo n't be hurrying to watch it a second time.The plot goes something like this
 This is not a gay film . The gay character is a fringe one and a shameful stereotype . There is plenty of heterosexual sex scenes but absolutely no man-on-man action . No touching , no kissing , no simulated sex between the boys.Another interesting point about this film is the bonfire scene at the beach . This is an Australian film , filmed in Australia , with Australian actors , yet the characters are eating and mention `` smores '' . This is not something most Australians would have any idea about and it is blatantly inserted into this scene to appeal to an American audience . I was watching with a group of other guys and all of them were like `` smores ? `` Do n't waste your time or money . This film does not deserve your pink dollar/pound/yen / whatever !!
 The dud bombed badly in Australian cinemas . The local critics hated it.A very tedious film that goes nowhere and would have to be the most boring film ever to emerge from that country.A good looking cast does n't help when the script is woeful.It 's Australian dvd release came and went without a whisper and it was sold for very cheap price.Probably only the cast were desperate enough to want to buy a copy.You have been warned
 A dumb movie , no sex scenes at all . Almost a ` chick flick ' really not worth any amount of money . boring .
 Having seen so many good reviews about this movie , I even pre-ordered it months in advance . How disappointing I was when my BF and I watched it the day it arrived . We got through about 30 minutes before looking at each other and turned off the DVD . First , the actors have such heavy accents that even the English they are speaking is largely unintelligble . OK , fine , if that were the only flaw , I can live with that . After all , I own many foreign language films . Of course , they have subtitles . Second , the story line was disjunct and did n't even make sense . It jumped all around . Third , when the movie was over -LRB- yes , I eventually watched the whole thing , painful minute by painful minute -RRB- , I did n't feel an ounce of connectivity to any character . The movie 's tag line -LRB- You 're Only Young Forever Once -RRB- makes no sense in the context of the story -LRB- a la lack thereof -RRB- . Waste of money .
 ok the drama of this is pretty good and the guys are almost all hot and u get to see the hot guys nude pretty good and two of them have sex but with girls and there is never gay sex not even men making out , this was under gay porn i feel really cheated near the end u get to see the hottest guy 's ass and full frontal quite a bit but never any gay sex
 Unlike the rest of the population , I found this movie to be nothing of what the reviews said it would be
 Considering this is supposed to be a documentary about engineering , the production quality -LRB- at least on the online video from Amazon -RRB- is poor . Moreover , there are few closeups and so it is quite difficult to see in detail what the equipment is doing or how it works.On the other hand , what can be seen from the blurry , poor-quality and poorly shot images is very interesting . Lost of arcane machines performing specialized task in railroad track repair , like removing and replacing ties , hammering spikes , and aligning tracks .
 It is a good movie but has very little to do with the original novel by Dominique Lapierre . This story is definitely a lesson in hope and faith . The movie fails so accomplish that . I just did n't like it . I recommend the book instead .
 If you are not illiterate , please , please , please read the book instead , it is great . This is one of the most ludicrous and offensive films ever made . From the moronic main character -LRB- atrociously played by Patrick Swayze -RRB- to the condescending portraits of Indians to the trivialization of Calcutta 's suffering to the utter , incomprehensible cop-out of an finale , this mush will depress and sicken you.There should be a special fine imposed on companies and individuals who turn human suffering and adversity into a vapid Hollywood joke . It was nice to catch -LRB- briefly -RRB- a few glimpses of Calcutta again , but the film makers seem to have missed the whole point of the book , and exploited its subject matter for cheap , predictable box-office slop . India 's poor need respect and empowerment , not a grimace and a pat on the head . Please spend your money on the book , because a percentage of the proceeds will go to benefit the real Citizens of Joy .
 I read the book , have seen the movie and have visited Kolkata . I 'm troubled by the book and the movie . I felt the book trivialized poverty and made a sentimental treatment of it . This is because it was viewed through the eyes of a Catholic priest and he was taking voluntary poverty . Poverty is another matter when you have children , live in bone crushing poverty and have fewer choices available to you . -LRB- Yet Kolkata is a city of miracles in that the poorest can often find a place and a way to survive there . -RRB- I do n't think the movie came close to showing the culture of Kolkata 's poor . It was very much a westernized gloss and it definitely pulled punches . Consider just one important cultural element
 This is standard fare . Any film , story or book with the world 's most famous twins is predictable . Everything will come up roses . This is no exception . One point of distinction is the songs are worse . `` Who Would You Be '' is by far and away the worst . `` Who Would You Be A Kennedy '' is stupid and insulting . That lousy effort should be buried at sea .
 It us very disappointing after watching the first season of AHS . It is as if the writers are just trying too hard to make it violent , gory and disturbing .
 CONTAINS SOME MINOR SPOILERS.The first few episodes of season 2 were really compelling -- Jessica Lange was given another meaty role that she could really sink her teeth into , and the asylum was suitably creepy and menacing with a great assortment of inmates and disturbed staff . The story also managed to weave thoughtful 60s political and social commentary in with the scares , which gave the show some additional gravity.Unfortunately the story became over-burdened fairly quickly with too many plot threads -LRB- Nazis and mutant medical experiments , deomonic possession , aliens AND serial killers ? Really ? -RRB- ; but the writers also disappointingly began including constant gross-out elements and torture porn scenes . As an example , what started-out as a thoughtful commentary about the nation 's attitudes toward gays and lesbians in the 60s turned into a graphic and exploitative forced masturbation `` deviance cure '' scene in a later epioside.I seem to be in the minority of my friends in thinking that this season is n't watchable due to the extreme emphasis on torture and gore , but if like me you prefer the more nuanced approach of the first season to the `` Hostel '' or `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' style focus on degradation and suffering , then you might want to avoid this season .
 I loved Season 1 of American Horror Story and could n't wait for Season 2 . Unfortunately , Season 2 has been sickening and a big disappointment . Season 1 was clever , fresh and delicious fun with just the right mix of scare , weirdness and humor . It seemed effortless . In contrast , Season 2 feels overwrought , overly complicated and is over the top in moving from the supernatural scares in Season 1 to a plethora of brutal horrors and atrocities that extremely sick humans do to other humans . Examples include a serial killer who skins his female victims alive , a Nazi doctor who mutilates his `` patients , '' a serial killer who crucifies a priest , a man with `` mommy issues '' who drinks breast milk and a range of inhumane `` treatments '' utilized at the mental hospital where Season 2 takes place . Only two of the multiple plots are supernatural . The first involving aliens seems like one plot line too many and feels contrived . -LRB- Season 2 takes place in the 1960 's when aliens were all the rage so let 's include some aliens ! -RRB- The second supernatural plot line involves demonic possession with a good nun gone bad . This plot line was interesting and was the best part of the season in addition to Jessica Lange 's performance of Sister Jude . In fact , the Season 2 cast are great actors who deliver solid performances but the material they are given seems to just be sick for sick 's sake . For Season 3 I hope American Horror Story can get back to the elements that made it great in Season 1 . I miss that show . Season 2 just left me ill and disappointed .
 It was nothing like the first season . I guess that was the point but I did not enjoy it whatsoever .
 I 'm paying for my content . I do n't care if its one ad , its too much . FX is close to making me cancel my season pass and find other revenues to watch . Be careful FX , I ca n't be alone .
 The portrayal of the Catholic Church in American Horror Story
 I BOUGHT THE ENTIRE SEASON OF THIS SHOW , WHY DID I HAVE TO BUY THE LAST TWO EPISODES IN ORDER TO SEE THEM ????? THIS SHOW IS NOT ONE YOU CAN WALK AWAY FROM , AND AMAZON HAS DONE THIS WITH AT LEAST ONE OTHER ONGOING SEASON AS WELL.SO I HAVE TO BUY THE LAST TWO EPISODES OF THAT SHOW SEPARATELY AS WELL ! I WILL NEVER BUY FROM THEM AGAIN.GOOGLE PLAY HONORS ITS CONTRACTS !!!!
 I am a HUGE fan of AHS season 1 and it is with sadness I ca n't say the same about Asylum . When I realized what the creators were going to do with each season , I thought it was risky but brilliant . I loved the idea ; so I waited with anticipation for Asylum to start ... they even have the actor from Babe ... well know and uber talented added to the cast this year . Zachary Quinto and Jessica Lange and Evan Peters back ... I was SO stoked ... then I watched it . I tried , tried SO hard to love it like I did season one ... but I just ca n't . It is n't that there is too much going on ... I do n't like torture porn . I find it trite and unnecessary . So for those reasons I am out . Here 's hoping season 3 , if there is one , is more along the lines of true horror instead of just horrific .
 This season is n't very good . It lacks core characters development . The stories seems to have thrown together anything not covered last year like aliens , Nazis , religion , torture , and sterilization with the creepy , gory , sick , violence & sex for the sake of it without a story.Last season , I was drawn to the characters and mysteries . This season there is n't like that.Subtly is out the door like with last year 's house maid 's changing appearance and story development . Do n't expect that this season .
 I liked last years series , spooky and kept it interesting . This year they went wacko with the writing . It is disgusting and downright gross . Glad I did n't purchase the whole season ! I love suspense , but not the sadistic torture , it lost the story line & focuses on cutting people up for fun . Really sad that this show has 5 star comments . I cant watch people abusing , torturing & cutting their limbs off people . It 's sick & very disturbing !
 Really dissappointed - waste of money - story line is weak and photography is poor . I 'd pass if I were you .
 I love horror but AHS : A is STUPID . It 's like they wanted to throw EVERYTHING relevant to horror and social issues of the time all together in one show . The main character is in an inter-racial marriage and the other main character is a lesbian -LRB- big deals back in the 50s/60s -RRB- . Now throw in alien abduction , human experimentation , a killer who wears human skin , people possessed by Satan , a nun with a secret -- but wait , there 's more ! NAZIS ! How much more crap can they cram into this show . Seriously . I 'm waiting for a vampire to show up . Stupid as hell .
 Violent and heartless . No storyline that I can tell except how brutel can people be to each other . Do n't buy .
 I was so impress and delighted with season one . I was sure season two was going to be hit . To my dismay the second season is rather weak and the episodes at times are boring and not well connected . I must say the acting is superb , Jessica Lange and the rest of the cast deserve an A + . The script deserve an F in my opinion .
 ** POSSIBLE SPOILER ALERT ** Though I kept watching until the end , after about three episodes , I got tired of Season 2
 Very disappointed in this season . I loved season 1 though but season 2 was confusing as there was just so much going on . I was hoping for a continuation of season 1 .
 I really enjoyed American Horror Story 1 . I was hooked from the beginning.I found American 2 very disjointed . It was too horrific .
 Loved the first season ... worthy of re-watching . While I enjoyed the start of the Second Season , I feel they are taking what appears to be a rich storytelling and devolving it into a gross-out fest.I do n't mind startling scenarios . But there is not one heroic or sympathetic characters in the cast . They are each just selfish ` agenda driven ' characters . And without a character aspiring for better , to defeat the horror , its just shock.Watch the first Season , watch the Walking Dead.As of now , I 'm leaving the senseless disgust and mutilation of American Horror Story Season Two behind me .
 I get 15 seconds into the `` continuum '' episode , and it freezes ! this has happened on 4 different computers . Any one else having issues ?
 I did not like this episode . It was nothing like season 1 . I expected the second season would be more like the first one but it was not .
 Given the expectations set by the first season , this fell completely flat . Granted , I 've only seen the first episode , and I 'll probably give a couple more a chance once it comes out on Netflix , but I would n't pay extra to see them sooner . It seems , as is typical with many FX productions , that it has already quickly degraded from great suspense and out-of-the box writing , to nothing but gratuitous snippets and shock-and-awe sex moments that do n't even need to be there for it to be great . I 'm not being prudish in saying this by any means , it 's just that it 's not necessary and detracts and distracts from a show that otherwise had great potential .
 I loved season one from the first episode to the last . However I ca n't get into this season . I really hope they do another season of the horror house !
 not even as good as the first ... not scary at all more like sex fetish creepy I am a very liberal media watcher but this was just weird I kept watching which was creepy then after &#34; spilt milk &#34; called it a day
 After such a great season with so many twists ending it with an hour long interview was aweful . I was so dissaponted . I expected more out of the season finale .
 It 's all about blood and gore , boring and not very smart . So far very dissapointed . Really liked the mystery and characters of the first season and find hating everyone in the second . It is ridiculous .
 I loved the first season of AHS so I was excited to see a second season.I 'm not exactly sure what they were smoking or shooting up when they wrote this but it is a complete mess.So many story lines that you ca n't keep up with them . It 's like they took 4 or 5 different ideas for this season and crammed them all into one big -LRB- and sorry to say this again -RRB- MESS .
 I had watched the pilot and first season of this series and was looking forward to this . It was such a disappointment ! It was very poorly done and the writing for the two episodes I saw was terrible . I actually contacted Amazon to get my money back which they very promptly did . I am no prude and usually love weird , strange shows but this was unwatchable .
 Season One was more thrilling and less gory . This season is more slasher-esque , though some of it is still intriguing . It is interesting to see how the same cast has changed roles .
 I watched the entire first season , but found it difficult to watch as it is basically a soft porn made for Prime Time with disturbing sexual situations . That just is n't &#34; entertainment &#34; in my book . Now zombies , on the other hand ...
 I am on the 4th episode of Season 2 , and so far I have been terribly disappointed . The storyline seems to be going nowhere , and I hate the demonic exorcist spin . Season 1 was interesting and full of surprises ; it was bloody , yet very watchable . Season 2 is disgusting and stupid . You would think a show about an insane asylum would be interesting , but all season 2 consists of is sex and gore . That would be okay too if the show had a good plot . I ca n't believe the writers created such a terrible story line for an actress as amazing as Jessica Lange . She and Evan Peters are the only reason I am going to keep watching and pray it gets better .
 Bought it wanting to see what it 's about and it 's terrible . FX has never produced a lot of high quality programming , but this is filth . If the intent was to make the viewer uncomfortable not in a scared way , but in a dirty way ... job done .
 I really enjoyed the first season of AHS and eagerly anticipated American Horror Story Asylum . The first episode - good - compelling characters and a sinister atmosphere at the asylum . The second episode - ok - I did n't like it as much as Episode One , but I chalked that up to character and story development . That takes time . The following episode -LRB- s -RRB- - horrible . Gratuitous images , torture porn , storyline that is offensive to almost every religion , race and sexual preference . I ca n't watch anymore , I 'm sorry to report .
 I did n't see the episode . I had to ask for a credit . This I thought was a prime series , however , it seems only season 1 is .
 This story makes no sense . It is n't a continuation of the first season . It is a totally different show altogether . I only watched 1 episode because it did n't make any sense to me .
 The show is awful . Could n't figure out the plot , or jumped around to much . Last season was much better ! I wo n't be watching the rest of season 2
 The first episode you can tell its not gon na be like the first . Its very dark , bloody , tortuous . Where the first season was more about ghost , mystery , and haunted house . It reminds me of a remake of house haunted hill but more dark , bloody , and played out over many episodes . I prefer haunted houses with a good mystery then watching the criminal insane being tortured .
 Lame . Lacks thought . Sorry I wasted the money and most of all my time watching ! My six year old daughter could think of a better story line . I want my money back !!
 Ha ... Okay , someone complained about my review ... so , I 'll be less specific . It 's a crappy show . SAVE YOUR MONEY ... Happy now ? ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Edited Original Review ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ We were wondering what they were going to do for Season 2 after so many odd things happened in Season 1Season 2 has an odd spanking / sadistic streaking that just is n't our bag ... Might be yours -LRB- no judgement ! -RRB- ... We did n't get past episode 4 or so ... Love Jessica Lang , but a little too much sadism overall ...
 I watched and enjoyed season 1 for a lot of the same reasons others did . I expected more of the same this season . I made it through three episodes and stopped . It is a non-stop series of scenes depicting humiliation , gratuitous cruelty and violence , outright torture , sadism , bondage and obedience , degrading and violent sexuality , simple ghoulishness , and on and on . I find nothing redeeming in this series . There is nothing in it I would call a plot or a narrative arc or character development . Any more than there is in your average porno production . Just a pretext for more `` torture porn . `` There is no wit or humor or depth or insight , either . It is just relentlessly and oppressively cruel.The fact that it has so many positive reviews tells me that it has found a cult following - not that it actually deserves positive reviews.I think the actors in this series are not only wasted . I think they are degrading themselves and damaging their reputations by participating in the project . I will never be able to watch Jessica Lang , James Cromwell , Evan Peters or any of the other actors without unfortunate flashbacks to this series . Unfortunately , I used to enjoy these and other artists connected with the series . I wish I had never purchased the first episode . At least then I would n't have these awful associations tainting my memories of these actors .
 we watched this series through our xbox and it was just awful . do n't know if it 's xbox or amazon , but we wo n't watch on our xbox again . we have a samsung tv and says we could download prime vido app and it does n't show on our tv .
 Not really my bag ... If you 're into rape , torture , and really dark nasty imagery and rather gruesome story-telling , then this is for you .
 this season was awful I liked last season much better . the idea of season 2 was good but did n't like the direction they took with it
 The `` watch '' button just sent me to a dead page , then expired before it ever worked . $ 1.99 and I got absolutely nothing for it
 Well , it cleared up the questions I had about the episode I missed ... but the whole show is getting TOO WEIRD and TOO GORY . Way too much gratuitous bloodshed and mayhem ... particularly the Santa episode . Just hope some NUT JOB does n't try to copycat ...
 Lacks a story line , not as catchy or as creepy as season one . Jumps around to much to follow , do n't like the idea of using the same actors from the first season if the story line is n't the same . It just reminds me of the first season to much by using the same actors .
 The series is frustrating and drags along the foundation storyline while introducing new stories each episode . That 's fine , but questions are answered too slowly and character development takes forever and then turns out to be a let down/predictable .
 This show is ridiculous . The plot is weak and has a number of holes . The acting is poor . The only reason I continue to watch is because I bought the whole season on Amazon . Do n't waste your time or your money .
 I had so looked forward to this season after a very scary 1st season . However , I found I did n't care much for the characters or their situations . The first season the show scared me , this season just seemed ridiculous and laughable at times .
 The storyline of the second season is just not as captivating as the first season.I 'm unhappy on how the writers had created this story line .
 I loved season 1 but I sure feel stupid for buying the season pass for season 2 . I ca n't watch it . Big disappointment . They just made it as nasty and gruesome as possible . They did n't take any real time to develop the characters , to build a story with suspense . Just blood and gore . This is just too much . Hate it .
 I bought the dvds for season one because It was so addicting.season 2 is a season I 'll catch up now and again as i pay bills or do dishes ... . I love horror films but season 2 just shocks to shock . Not much character development or sufficient reason to care about the characters .
 The first season was really good . The second season the writers lost their way and went beyond the normal balance between horror , reality and good taste . After seven episodes turned it off and cancelled my subscription .
 This show became less about constructing an actual horror story and more about throwing shock factor after visceral shock factor at the reader until it became simply disgusting . There 's no horror here , only a pallid drama and very few characters to establish human interest and root for .
 I was a huge fan of season 1 . I Loved all the creepy characters and how they interacted with eachother . It was actually scary.Season 2 . I watched 3 episodes and never went back . Unthinkable Rape , and severe torture , along with discusting characters . There is no way that many evil demented people would all work in one place without a caring sole in sight . It is not scary its discusting . I was severely disappointed . While Jessica Lang does a fantastic job of acting . I still could not watch this crap . I will not watch this season . . I love a good horror story but this is just filth . Bring back the creepy scary wonderful characters in season 1 .
 I really enjoyed the first season , it was certainly a bit over the top but the story was creative and the characters interesting . I have barely made it through 1.5 episodes of season 2 and am giving up . This one seems as though it was done by a 12 year old . In your face violence just for violence sake , no character development and a story line that jumps all over the place before it is even established.I do n't care for reusing the same actors from the last series in different roles , it is distracting . Over all this season looks to be a juvenile gore fest , a huge disappointment .
 Season one was great but this one is terrible . I wish I would have saved my money . Dont waste your time .
 I really wish the directors would of kept up with the characters and theme of the first house . I was kind of disappointed with season 2 but I 'm a sucker for horror and overall the show is entertaining to watch .
 Big let down from season one . This year 's show is much too over the top with the writers throwing in every horror cliche and then even more cliches . Back to the drawing board for season 3 .
 The storyline is weak and convoluted but there is enough to keep me watching -LRB- barely -RRB- . Where the first seasons creepy or sexual or creepy sexual imagery felt like it had purpose , this season feels like it just throws them in to fill some gore/sex scene per episode quota .
 Nazis , aliens , demons , serial killers ... and NUNS ! Aaaaaahhh!They even ripped off Texas Chainsaw Massacre but called him `` bloody face '' . Maybe Rob Zombie , the king of unoriginality is a writer for the show.Lange is amazing and my stars are for her but I like the demon nun actress as well . Otherwise , the show is absolutely ridiculous but even worse than that . It 's an insult . A weave of predictable and boring socio-political commentary disguised as characters and storyline with the `` hey , would n't it be cool to put this in there ! '' mentality produced a pile of what looks like was dumped out of America 's garbage can . Nazis and the patriarch church torturing sexually independent women and lesbians with some blood spatter = Asylum = yawn . But do n't forgot about the aliens.It 's so SHOCKING to see the priest crucified and the statue of Mary defiled ... wait , no it 's not . It was so edgy to show Santa as a murderer ... well , not really.The only interesting thing is how arbitrary `` crazy '' can be depending on the culture and/or who is `` in charge '' determines it , which is scary , but I can just ponder that on my own without subjecting myself to this mind-garbage of a TV show .
 This season is leaning too far into the &#34; torture porn &#34; category that I had hoped had died out . Not interested in finishing the season as I 'm not emotionally invested in a single character . It 's just gore for gore 's sake , no mystery or suspense .
 If you loved the first season of American Horror Story , this may be a disppointment . Season 1 was simple , a great haunted house story . Season 2 is chaotic , has too many story lines -LRB- alien abduction , serial killer , nazi style experimentation , satanic possession , catholic nun and priest crimes -RRB- and sometimes pushes the limit of good taste . It seems as though the writers gave up quality for quantity and it just did n't hold my attention the way the first season did .
 This film is competently shot , and although I enjoy surreal , philosophical movies -LRB- and I love pinball -RRB- , I was n't expecting the entire film to consist of voice-over monologue . There 's no narrative here , only the filmmaker 's stream of consciousness musings . Perhaps my taste for the avant-garde has atrophied since college , but these days I really need some dialogue and a storyline from what I watch .
 Do you like a movie with no plot , no script and nothing to say?Do you like to watch a metal ball roll around a blue sheet and a beige carpet for an hour?Would you like a brain lobotomy?If so ... this is your movie!Everyone else avoid this formless , puerile drivel .
 Fernando Di Leo with his `` Marxist '' themes and overtones,-The Most annoying part of the movie is the Shot where a Poster -LRB- A dichotomy if there ever was one despite my dislike for JFK . -RRB- Is two posters side by side of JFK and The Chic MassMurderer and Gangster Che Guevara.The movie is boring , long and all hype.Only a great Looking White Pontiac Roadster kept me awake , Henry Silva 's ugly mug notwithstanding and the Italian Birds ; There are better Italian Films out there .
 While the readers of the celebrated series of books may enjoy this film , to someone who has not enjoyed the pleasure , this is an increaisngly boring film . By the end , nothing , absoluetly nothing had happened . The parents disapper or die , the kids get carted around and the villian escapes -LRB- and he alternitive motive is never revealed -RRB- . The story of the littlest elf would have been more entertaining.The acting itself is fine and the costumes captivating , but the actual storyline ... like I said .
 When I heard about this movie , I thought this movie was going to be awesome . I was dissappointed because I read the books and it did not follow it at all . Bottom line
 This is the absolute worst movie ever . I myself read the whole series but his juzt completely starayed away from the whole idsa of the book , if you really want to be didappinted READ THE BOOKs !! He bookz are amZinv i loved hem
 Copy arrived it was a gift . Our nieces favorite movie . Not secure in the box and bounced all over . Sad to say it has scratches and does n't play . Had to return it by end of the week however since our daughter had a baby our schedule dint leave room to run to ups . A complete disaster !
 I have read several of the series of books . They are O.K. , but not as inspired , and not the least bit as engaing as the Harry Potter series . This movie however , does n't do the books justice . The ambiance is darkly contrived , Carey is WAY over the top , the children do n't seem as likable or as capable as the books characters , and all in all , not one I would see again . The very best part of the books is the vocabulary definition comedic touch , and the movie takes a whack at introducing that , but it is half-hearted and soon abandoned .
 There is a reason for the $ 1.6 New-price . Shallow characters are well played by the cast , but it does not add-up to much . Evil repeatedly wins over innocence in a sort of repetitious theme . Bad , bad stuff ...
 Movie far too dark for children to enjoy , I believe . The main characters , a fourteen years old girl , a twelve years old boy and a two years old baby girl are , indeed , adorable and act honestly , as well as the other players , except for Jim Carey , who tries in vain to steal all the success from them using his endless stock of grins and buffooneries . While he should represent an excentric character he does not offer any memorable performance . He does not play , he acts ham . His make-up , supposed to transform him physically , clears out , wiped away by his too well known clowneries and we do not see the Count Olaf who he is supposed to perform , but just Jim Carey , equal to himself .
 If you are looking for a new and exciting movie , with clever children , a well-written screenplay and some drama ... I 'd recommend Disney 's The Pacifier , which , in this instance , is a big word for a movie that is 1000 times better than this movie . However , if you 're looking for a dry , hum-drum movie that does n't make sense and stars an animatronic baby , this is the movie for you.What a contrast from the humorous and smartly written books . Watching this movie was as torturous as being buried in molasses with a swarm of bees devouring your eyeballs . The movie just became available to purchase and you can already buy it for $ 5 used here on Amazon . If you son has not cleaned his room , or has let a foul word slip , and you are looking for a great form of punishment , force him to watch this movie . If your daughter came in past her curfew with a tattoo and smelling like the dump , ground her for a month and make her watch this movie every day until her grounding is up . But if you love your children and they are well-behaved , deserving of rewards , keep them as far from this movie as possible , guard their innocence . If you really want to reward them , give them the gift of joy and creativity -- encourage them to pick up the books instead .
 Way back in January 2004 the word was spread that there was going to be a series of unfortunate events movie opening sometime around Christmas . I , being a huge fan of the book series , was obviously all psyched-up and could n't wait for this awesome movie to be released into theaters.And so , the year went by and twelve months passed.And soon it was December 17th . I went to see it the 20th . From the moment I walked in the theater building I was extremely excited . I got my popcorn and soda and walked into theater 2 and took my seat , waiting anxiously for the movie to start.And then the horror began.It all started when they were showing the opening credits . From the moment they gave credit to Nickelodeon Movies -- my mouth dropped open.Nickelodeon . Ruining one of the most anticipated movies of the WHOLE YEAR !!! I have been lifetime archenemies with that TV station , mostly because they have the stupidest shows including Rocket Power and -LRB- holy crap -RRB- spongebob . Right when these words flashed across the screen I knew the movie was going to be terrible.I was right.The friends I saw it with kept reassuring me Jim Carrey would make it slightly better , even after that horrible incident with Nickelodeon . And I thought so too.And I was wrong.It did n't even seem like the funny Jim Carrey I know . The COMEDIAN who starred in BRUCE ALMIGHTY -- a GOOD MOVIE ! The only way they could make it worse was if they casted George Bush for the role.Please -- do n't get me wrong . Jim Carrey is an AMAZING actor -- but he was NOTHING in this crappy movie . Jim -- if you 're reading this , please understand I LIKE YOU BUT I HATE THIS MOVIE.As the movie progressed , it got a bit better . I think my favorite scene was in the Wide Window -- the storm.Another very very very very very weird thing about this horrible movie is that the Marvelous Marrage is at the end of the whole movie . In the books , it was at the end of the Bad Beginning . However , in the movie , it was after all three books and at the end.Also -- the three stories are way too short . If I were the director I would have made each at least one hour long -- THESE DIRECTORS ARE TOO WORKED UP ABOUT THE LENGTH !!!!! PLEASE , GIVE IT A REST !!!! This movie is not a good one . Bottom line.So as I exited the theater , walking alone on the boulevard of broken dreams , I felt like * beep * ing Nickeloadeon . Not that I have n't in the past , but this time I REALLY wanted to.Just writing this dang review makes me angry . My fingers are typing so fast and furiously I think the keyboard might break any second.Please do not waste your money going to see this movie.THE BOTTOM LINE :2004 sucked for movies.I feel bad for the Academy Award people -- which movie are they going to choose to win all these awards ??? THE ONLY GOOD MOVIES OF 2004 -LRB- BUY THESE -RRB- Harry Potter III -LRB- June -RRB- I , Robot -LRB- July -RRB- The Terminal -LRB- July -RRB- Spiderman II -LRB- June -RRB- The only reason I gave this movie 2 stars was because of the actors -LRB- besides Jim Carrey . -RRB- Although I HATE the actor who played Klaus , I must admit he did a pretty good job . The actress who played Violet was excellent.The world is quiet here .
 from reading the other reviews it seams like alot of people based this off of the books . I have never read the books so I have nothing to go by . I bought this movie because of Jim Carrey and because I love all of his movies . I watched this movie one time and thought it was horrible , I think it took me around 3 days to acually get through it because it was so bad I had to keep turning it off . out of almost 500 movies that I own I only have a dozen or so movies that I hated so bad that I put in a pile to get rid of , this movie went in that pile . after having the movie in that pile for many months , I kinda forgot how the movie was and decided to watch it again before getting rid of it . the second time I watched it I liked it alot better than the first time but still did n't think it was a very good movie however now I 'm depating on if I should keep it or get rid of it . I see now that it 's one of those movies that i have to watch more than once in order to watch it without falling asleep . there are so many scenes that drug on and it 's not funny at all but maybe it is worth keeping now since I already own it . I would NEVER have bought this movie if I knew it was this bad .
 I had a really though time getting into this movie it felt like every other scene it was ok , then it would get strange and odd . I am a Jim Carrey fan , but it was almost too odd for me . It was a really nice `` looking '' movie , they has wonderful costumes , and sets . This movie kept the same feel from start to end . It was just really though to get into . . But I had the same problem with `` big Fish '' Just not my type of movie .
 After `` Me , Myself & Irene '' this was the worst Jim Carey movie I 've ever seen . although this is not completely a Jim Carey movie , but they sold it under the name of Jim Carey ! the story was pointless and specially ridiclulous at the end . only two good scenes were in the movie , first the train scene and second , the storm scene ! these scene were really worth to be watched on the big screen . Children may love this movie cause it 's based on one of their favorite books , I 've never read that book but some said it 's much better than the movie . Let me suggest you something , if you 've liked this movie , so enjoy it , buy this really good collector 's edition pack , but if you only want to buy it for your beloved children , there is a cheaper single disc edition ! cause this movie does not worth to pay 25 dollars even for a such brilliant 2 disc collector 's edition DVD !
 Jim Carrey is Jim Carrey no matter who he is trying to depict . Same vocal and facial expression . It 's always the Mask in a different costume.I have nothing against the man , but pleaaasse !!! I was SO disappointed when I heard they had chosen him . They could have cast an unknown old man who would have brought Count Olaf to life and been Count Olaf instead of - That 's Jim Carrey as Olaf!In the books you get the impression that Count Olaf -LRB- and the Grinch ! -RRB- is evil , sinister , intelligent , possesses a seedy elegance and a certain amount of decorum . Not all of this eye rolling , stupid over acting and bungling lunacy that is classic Jim Carrey . Why ca n't a movie just be made without making it so ` Hollywood ' ? And any explanation for Violets hair ?? It all seems so dumbed down -LRB- which seems to be the modern twist on everything -RRB- . I realize it is a children 's book , but why make it so over the top , sugar coated , and overdone ? The books are so well written and clever I have a feeling there will be more than a few disappointed people . However , I suppose it 's all about the box office , right?It should have been made by the British . Maybe they would have left some integrity intact .
 I bought this movie at Wal-Mart today . It is so bad that I am returning it tomorrow for a refund because it is so awful . The only other movie I 've returned in that manner was ` Dick Tracy , ' because of Madonna , and that 's saying a lot . ` Unfortunate Events ' has no plot , virtually no story line , and it 's hard to imagine that stars such as Meryl Streep and Dustin Hoffman appear in it . They are unbelievably out of place , so it had to be money , of course . I can not recommend this movie for anyone , for any time , for any place .
 This is by far one of the absolute WORST movies I have ever seen in my life ! I would not take my children to see this movie . Within twenty minutes of the movie starting I wanted to leave the theater . It took everything in me not to fall asleep I was so completely bored and not impressed with any aspect of this film whatsoever ! Do not waste your money on this film . You will regret it .
 THE ONLY GOOD PARTS OF THIS MOVIE WHERE WHEN JIM CARREY WAS NOT ON CAMERA . WHEN HE WAS HE WAS LIKE AN OBNOXIOUS KID SCREAMING `` LOOK AT ME , LOOK AT ME '' . HE WAS ENTIRELY OVERBEARING IN THIS ROLE . THE KIDS ACTED BEAUTIFULLY THOUGH . THERE ARE OTHER BETTER MOVIES THAT JIM CARREY WAS IN SO IT IS NOT THAT I AM NOT A BIG FAN AND HATE EVERYTHING THAT HE DOES . HE JUST WAS NOT WELL SITUATED FOR THIS ROLE . THE MOVIE PLOT SEEMS TO JUST WASTE YOUR TIME BECAUSE THERE IS NO PLOT .
 Please , if you are looking to see a funny movie , turn in those Lemony Snicket tickets right now . Now , I ealize how I must sound , and I KNOW the title of the film is called `` a series of unfortunate events '' and I should n't expect a knee-slapper ... but is n't that what Jim Carry does ? What kind of cruel joke would they play on us by putting the funniest man alive in the saddest movie possible ... messed with my head at least . Anyway ... about the movie ... The whole time people were dying and then everyone was dead ... these poor children were being tortured through that whole movie ... there was absolutely NO attempt at ANY humor WHATSOEVER to even lighten the movie up a TINY bit . The whole time sitting in the theater I was eaither bored or depressed . I 'm not sure if they wee trying to make the worst movie of all time ... but they sure got at it !!! Really bad -- DO NOT reccomend it .
 WHAT WAS PARAMOUNT PICTURES THINKING ? THIS FILM AMOST WENT STRIGHT DOWN THE SIDE OF THE HILL . THE ACTING WAS VIOAL , COUNT OLAF 'S CAMEO WAS HORIBLE . THIS WAS SO SCARY THAT IT ALMOST GAVE ME NIGHTMARES . I AMIT IT TO BE FUNNY . BUT , IT IS JUST PLAIN SICK .
 I did n't like this movie . I do n't think it should be classified as a children 's movie . Although there is no explicit violence , the whole movie is about death . Further more in my opinion the movie was slow and quite boring in many parts . Although it was n't the worst movie I 've ever seen , I would definitely not watch it again .
 The Baudelaire orphans are delightful , charming children . So why do they have such bad luck ? Count Olaf , of course.When the children recieve the unpleasent news that their parents have perished in a fire , they are sent to live with Count Olaf , a horrible man . After an out-of-place train scene , the children are placed with a new guardian , Uncle Monty . And , of course , Olaf finds them again . And again with their Aunt Josephine.I found the movie very hard to follow . It seemed to pass very quickly . I was especially upset by the extent to which the story was misrepresented . The books , which are absolutely amazing , bear little resemblance to the movie . For example
 I 'm a huge Lemony Snicket fan , first off . I 've been reading the books since before they became popular , even though I was a little young to completely get them , I 've now read them each over several times , and made sure to read books 1-3 before seeing the movie.I knew that , like the Harry potter mvoies , the movie version could n't cover the book perfectly , but this movie was just a waste of theater space . It skips around . It seemed like they showed the beginning of each book , some events that were n't in the book , then the end of the book . The part of the movie devoted to the Reptile Room lasted about 5 minutes.As a fan , i 'm always looking for new facts to figure out how everything is connected , but the movie gives you seemingly false facts that would have affected the rest of the books greatly.Jim Carrey as Count Olaf ... Hmm . I think they definitely could have picked a different actor , someone who 's talents lay in different areas , like acting villainous rather than turning this into a sick bit of comedy.Please , if you love the books like I do , do yourself a favor and do not see this disappointing excuse for a movie .
 This movie had so much potential . But , the `` sparkle '' just was n't there . I ended up falling asleep halfway through it from the boredom of it . I was very surprised that this movie held some many kids ' attention in the theater . It was so `` Victorian '' feeling , and so adult-oriented , to hold attention spans longer than 2 seconds . This movie could have been so much better . Read the books ... skip the movie .
 Horrible movie because of Jim Carey . Over rated as a comedian he hams his way to an easy paycheck while the children , paying subtle roles as the MOST important characters are almost chased from the scene by Carey . They are constantly upstaged by a manic Carey waving his hands , grimicing and acting like a spoiled child who can not bear anyone else getting any attention . The bad parts were anywhere Carey is present ; the other actors performed very well . But it was like any other movie Jim Carey has been in
 When I saw this movie I was really disapointed . I mean I was waiting for this movie ever since the first trailer came out ! It was n't book one book , two book , book three , it was 1/4 of book 1 , half of book 2 , 1/3 of book 3 , and the ending of book 1 !!!!! Still , if I had n't read the books I would have liked it better .
 This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life . I thought so when I first saw it in 2004 , and I still think so now . Count Olaf is supposed to be dark , cruel and evil . Instead he 's an annoying , tantrum-throwing man who just happens to want to kill the children . Jim Carrey is absolutely awful in this film . I have no idea what the director was thinking by casting him , but it was absolutely the worst person he could have chosen . Not only is Jim Carrey terrible , but the movie itself jumps around the first three books and almost completely changes them . Instead of the children being clever enough to outwit Olaf by signing the paper with her left hand , Olaf turns it around by catching her in the act.If I could have given this 0 stars , I would have . The only thing I liked about the movie were Emily Browning and Liam Aiken -LRB- even though his character did n't have glasses . -RRB- I very highly suggest that you do yourself a favor and AVOID THIS FILM AT ALL COSTS . Go BUY THE BOOKS and read the series as it was meant to be . This film is a complete piece of crap and I have no idea what anyone sees in it -LRB- especially if they 've read the books . -RRB-
 This is my very short reveiew . If you liked the movie GET IT . If you disliked it , like me , do n't buy the movie buy the book -LRB- s -RRB- . I personaly LOVED the books and just thought Jim Carrey was too much in this film .
 This is one of the more disappointing movies that I have seen in quite a while . Although there were some good supporting performers and some marvelous sets , it was marred as a whole by a wretched set of performances by Jim Carrey and a poor set up at the beginning of the film to let us get to know and like the three children playing the Baudelaire orphans . The movie starts off pretty much with the premise that we are going to like the children without actually having done anything to establish that in reality . I found myself at the beginning disliking the possible fate of the children , but as things went along , we got no real opportunity to get to know them , or consequently to like them . Halfway through the movie I was reduced to a complete state of I-just-don ` t-care-what-happens-next . I used really to like Jim Carrey as an actor . His almost superhuman physical flexibility and supreme goofiness seemed to suit him for a host of roles , and he has enough acting ability to more or less support his attempts at more serious acting . But his Count Olaf comes across more than anything as a gigantic clown , and the fear one feels of him is similar to the way some children react to painted comedians . As I said , I used to have a great deal of liking for Carrey , but this film combined with other performances such as THE MAJESTIC and THE GRINCH and a few others has left me positively wanting to avoid any future efforts on his part.There were some superb supporting characters that were largely wasted in the film . Billy Connolly , who was so superb in MRS. BROWN only a few years ago , was likable in his small role as Uncle Montgomery , but he , alas , met his fate rather quickly . Timothy Sprall , who is well known to any fan of Mike Leigh 's films , was not given too much of a chance to excel in his role as Mr. Poe . Meryl Streep has a bit more room to create an interesting role , but she also unfortunately plays less of a role than Mr. Carrey . Also unenjoyable are the young twins who play the youngest Baudelaire girl . The problem is that it is pretty much impossible to use a pre-verbal child in a role that on the written page communicates meaning . In the film , however , they attempt to supplement this with subtitles . And there is not even the tiniest attempt to mesh Cedric the Entertainer into the film . The one performance that is consistently good is that of Jude Law as the voice of Lemony Snicket . In fact , however , he achieves this by doing a precise impersonation of the voice of Daniel Handler , the author of the novels . Anyone who has heard him interviewed and then listened to Law can fail to see the similarity.Although the film fails pretty much across the board in engaging the viewer 's emotions , it is consistently fascinating to look at . I would n't be surprised if the film was one of the contenders for the Razzies for worst film of the year -LRB- that is pretty much a given -RRB- , but it could also legitimately get an Oscar nomination for sets and art direction . Rarely has such a bad movie looked this good.I must add that I do not know the books , and it is possible that some of the people who have given it good reviews have transferred some of the enjoyment they have experienced of the books over to the movies . But without such an aide , I suspect most of us are going to find viewing this movie to be very unfortunate indeed.Oh , for the featured review at the time of my writing this I need to point out that there is a difference between an over-the-top performance and a purely ham performance , That difference is illustrated in Carrey 's performance here .
 Jim Carrey 's performance stands out in this mediocre tail based on the series of children 's books by the author pinned under the psedonym , Lemony Snicket . It 's not fair to judge the movie on how the book were written . With that said , the movie is original . The visuals are stunning and the plot quite intriguing . However , I found the children to be uninteresting and rather annoying . Meryl Streep was wasted in her role as the nervous aunt . Overall , it was a great idea that just could n't find itself . Hopefully , the sequel will be better .
 I disliked this film and regret that I bought it . It failed to hold my interest . It has many great actors , but the storyline leaves much to be desired . It is too dark to be endearing or fun , and far too predictable throughout . It seemed to me like a poor imitation of a Harry Potter-like film but fell far short of pulling it off . Rent it first ... if you must see it .
 I thought this movie was good but I had read all the books and they could have added more details to the movie to make it more interesting . It was only like 10 minutes during the movie and I started getting bored . I thought the movie would be better than that because the books are very good . If you like reading you should check out the books because they are a whole lot better than this movie . But if I was you I would find something else to watch .
 If you are looking for a review where the big-name actors and director are highly praised , I suggest you close out your Explorer screen and look elsewhere , for what is contained in the following sentences is not pretty ... or nice . I will concede that Emily Browning and Liam Aiken played Violet and Klaus beautifully . I was absolutely drawn into the throes of their strengths and shortcomings . Sunny was absolutely endearing , and Mr. Poe was just a frustratingly negligent and dimwitted as his literary counterpart . However , the entire directing of this film was one big , fat shortcoming . The cinematics were excellent , as were the costumes , but Carrey 's performance was way too overdone . Throughout most of his perfomances , I felt like I needed to find myself a sturdy pair of rubber boots . Count Olaf is the human incarnation of pure evil and he is funny in a very dark sort of way ... not mindless physical humor . Overacting is not cute . The plot of the movie also left much to be desired . The director hiphops through the first , second , and third books , completely skewering the plots and witty nuances in the process . I , as a hardcore fan of the Series of Unfortunate Events , feel rather jilted . If you are looking for a good chuckle , Sunny 's subtitled coos of dialogue are funny , but if you want literary accuracy , I suggest you look elswhere . It seems that Hollywood has , yet again , aided in the slaughter a classic series . Better luck next time .
 I do n't know what happened , but this movie was all over the place . It is supposed to be about the first three books , but so much was left out that it left you wondering `` WHY DID THEY MAKE THIS MOVIE IF THEY WERE GOING TO CUT OUT EVERYTHING ??? '' And , where it did keep in line with the story , the characters were doing things that other characters did and some of the characters from the book were not even in the movie , like the fat man/woman whom I so wanted to see.Another disappointing area was that it made up `` unfortunate events '' as if the books did n't have enough , and it totally changed everything around , like ending the movie with parts from book one.If you have n't read the books and do n't plan on reading them , then by all means purchase the movie . However , the books are more entertaining and leave you wanting more . The movie just leaves you .
 When the book is first-rate , you worry about the movie . Here , the film seems to cover roughly the first three -LRB- of thirteen -RRB- volumes , and I think they should have waited and tried to cover them all in one better edited film . There 's no indication that there will be a sequel , but the plot does n't end -- it simply stops . Anyone who has n't read the book -LRB- s -RRB- is going to be mightily confused and thoroughly irritated . On the theatrical side , the kid actors are wooden and the whole thing becomes a vehicle for Jim Carey -- and it 's not supposed to be his story ! I 'm told the script was supposed to be written by Daniel Handler -- the actual author of the actual books -- but he was fired -- to be replaced by Robert Gordon , who wrote the script for _ Galaxy Quest _ . I rest my case .
 ` SOMEONE ' should REALLY have a frank discussion with Mr. Carrey ~ -LSB- a super talent - really -RSB- about these artistic career choices that lead to cul-de-cat-in-the-sacks ????? REALLY a dreadfully , boring little feature , showing lots of $ $ $ on screen , but Oh My - the Horror ! The Horror!Meryl Streep with a REALLY bad wig , check the hairline ... . ditto Jim 's eyebrows ... . and the Count Costume -LSB- Goodness is he ?? over ? Andy Kaufman ? -RSB- but do check ` Heartbeeps ' the lost Kaufman movie with Bernadette Peters - and compare the costume -LSB- s -RSB- ... pity ... -LSB- and was that a tribute to Robin William 's ` Popeye ' ? -RSB-
 I should have known that I would not like this movie . I really hated the books . I think you have to enjoy the books to enjoy the movie , becaue a friend of mine loved the movie and the books . I can say Harry Potter and other kids movies have set the bar to high for me . This movie was just blah compared to those other kid movies out now . And sadly the most interesting part of the movie was getting rid of Olaf and finding out how their parents died.Yep , it is unfortunate but also boring and not well made .
 I feel that this movie is nothing more than a waste of time . It is a horrible display of such wonderful books . I never thought such a good book could possibly make such a sickening movie . But then again the movie is n't really much like the book at all , it ventures out on it 's own , far far to much . I found this movie a complete waste of time and feel that if you want to learn about Lemony Snickets works the I suggest you read the book . It might take a little more time but it would be very much so better spent .
 Then you 'll probably want to watch it over and over . I 'd never even heard of the books , the title , the characters , etc. , and I still could care less about any of that . Jim Carrey does a decent job , but he 's done better drama , and certainly done better comedy -LRB- LIAR LIAR being his funniest in my opinion -RRB- , and the production design shines , but only the super young and those of you into this kind of thing would take the time to see this more than once .
 Of course , such a popular book had to be made into a `` hit `` movie and video game . I was n't at all surprised at the poor quality of this movie , after seeing the commmercial . Devoted fans of the series will find themselves shocked as they see a movie wiith hardly anything in common with their favorite books . In the movie , the plot is
 Yeah I had highly anticipated seeing this movie for a long time . I would see the preview on the t.v. and get pumped because the release date got ever closer . When I finally made it to the movie though , it was absolutely terrible . First off , they made this little 2 year old kid do all of these stupid noised and make the comments that were not even funny at all , stupid . Then Jim Carrey really did n't have very much comedy in it either . It was just a really dark movie , really lame comedy , which inturn turned into a really lame movie . Let 's just face it , I could have paid my 8:50 to a charity , the money would have went to a lot , lot better cause than this movie !
 Did this movie really need to be so grim ? couldnt the children share a few smiles ? This was an extremely depressing movie for both Mom and five year old . Do n't waste your time . LIfe is too short .
 This is what my daughter , who has read all the books has to say about the movie ... I was exiced to see this moivie . I read the books and I was so sad after seeing this moivie . The first book was rearranged , the scecond was too short , and third you left out a lot of information . So I think they wanted to make 5 bad movies than 11 good ones . -LRB- fyi there are 11 books , so far -RRB- I think the movie should be rated r for rotten . Maybe the actors were good . -LRB- maybe -RRB- This should be rated 0 stars .
 I have read all of the books in '' The Unfortuante Events '' series , and although some were better than other ; I liked all of them . Then I heard this movie was coming out and the commericials for it looked quite decent . I am sorry to be thing to report this to you , but , unfortunately , this move is horrible , a word which here means
 * 1/2 `` Lemony Snicket 's A Series of Unfortunate Events '' - a creepy , cringe-inducing hunk of pseudo-Dickensian whimsy - proves , once and for all , that they just do n't make good old-fashioned Victorian melodramas the way they used to . Technically speaking , the film is n't actually set in the Victorian Era but rather in a never-never land in which 19th century fashions clash with late 20th Century technology . And , indeed , it is the unique look of the film - achieved through extraordinary art direction and brilliant production and costume design - that is the one element of quality in the movie.The plot is vintage Dickens
 My grandaughter and I have read the books and really enjoyed them . This movie is absolutley horrible . I have read some of the reviews and agree with them about Jim Carey 's absolutley atrocious portrayal of Count Olaf . Granted I do n't much care for Count Olaf but this was a ridiculous portrayal . Read the books and forget this poor excuse of a movie based on some really cute but wierd books .
 Some people say that Jim Carrey 's performance is `` a little over the top '' . It 's more like a psychopathic tantrum in the extreme . He almost single-handedly ruined the movie , although this could n't have been that hard to do since the direction was ghastly . After all , it 's ultimately the director 's fault for allowing Carrey to wallow in absurdiity.The children are too contemporary in their speech and demeanors . They have no charm . The youngest child , Sunny -LRB- the biter -RRB- is right out of a Stephen King corn field - scary.Set designs in the movie are ridiculous and ugly.The music was fairly decent - so what?Overall , the movie plays as a surreal nightmare . It is poorly done from beginning to end . I have read the books , and although they are pretty odd , too , this movie could have taken the best from the books and made something watchable.Do not allow your young children to watch this bizarre , nonsensical movie . It is a hideous , disgusting , self-indulgent mess .
 I 've never read any of the books this movie was based on . And after this horrendous `` movie '' I never will . This was obviously an attempt to showcase a stunted talent . Why else would the whole rest of the cast be played in `` deadpan '' ?? The best performance was done by the infant ! Carrey 's attempt to play all major parts himself showcased the makeup crew -- nothing else . By the time we got half way through the thing , I was embarassed to be still in the room . I bought the DVD because it is cheaper than buying two tickets to a theater in CA . The next time it plays will be in someone else 's player after our next yard sale . And I will NEVER again buy anything with Jim Carrey in it !
 Being an avid reader I 'm always intrigued by how a book will be turned into a movie . Most movies fall short of the greatness of their paperbound predecessors . The Lemony Snicket books , sadly , are no different.I 'm sure you 've all heard the similarities of Snicket to Dahl and I certainly would n't be one to disagree . The problem is the book was dealt the same blow that Willy Wonka was to Charlie and the Chocolate Factory . The book is changed from a dark and brooding tale to a slightly comedic romp that winks at darkness.Mostly the fault would lay with Carrey . He would make a fine hammy rubber faced man , and often does when it is called , but for the murdering dastardly Olaf I feel he missed a few notes . Olaf is clearly sinister and Carrey just makes him almost a mockery of Ace Ventura with a unibrow.The strong suits of this movie are the children . They fit into their roles like a dream . Sadly they 'll be much too old for a franchise due to the fact the books hardly age to proper cinematic time as , say , the Harry Potter series . The other aspect that I would recommend this for are the sets . One could n't imagine the world Snicket describes more perfectly.So the movies make light of a wonderfully morbid series and it 's shortcomings overtake it 's brillance.My recommendation would be that the legnth and subject of the books would have made better for a brilliant set of hour long TV miniseries -LRB- one hour per book -RRB- because unlike Willy Wonka versus Charlie and the Chocolate Factory , the Snicket books will long outlive the movie .
 The major problem with this movie is that it is not a well told story -- it tries to tell three different stories in sequence in too short of a time . It is so compressed that most of the scenes do n't work . The casting choices for the children -LRB- Emily Browning as Violet and Liam Aiken as Klaus -RRB- were also a big mistake . Neither does a very good acting job and it is difficult to really care what happens to them.Jim Carrey -LRB- as Count Olaf -RRB- , Meryl Streep -LRB- as Aunt Josephine -RRB- , and Billy Connolly -LRB- as Uncle Monty , the herpetologist -RRB- all do a fine job given the circumstances , but without main characters that you care about and the time needed to develop each story , it is not enough .
 Since my career is in children 's literature , I try to see any movies that are based on books . Sometimes I 'm happy , sometimes I 'm not . In this case , I definitely was not . Although Jim Carey was his usual brilliant self and the other major actors in the film were also , as usual , supurb , I left the theatre with the impression that I 'm very defitely NOT going to buy this film . It 's one of those `` I 've seen it once , I have no desire to ever see it again . '' I found it dull , boring , way too predictable , and thought the movie was never going to be over . It also left me with absolutely no desire to finish the series of books , either .
 This is basically a story of 3 orphans that get treated lack crap for 2 hours with an `` overacting '' uncle trying to bump them off to get their money ... That 's it ! ... Period ! ... Nothing like watching a flick like this at Christmas to make you feel good!Booooooo !!!!!!!
 I never understood this movie . Now the part that really bugs me is the intro that is supossed to be a movie called `` The Happy Little Elf '' then after a little bit of junk , Lemony Snicket comes in and tells that the movie is begining . The character who shocks me is Count Olaf . 2 films I do n't understand this and The Spiderwick Chronicles . So unless your into the books , get this movie , if not , then do n't .
 If you have read all thirteen of these books , DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE !!! You will be sadly dissappointed with the brief review of only three books of the WHOLE series . I have now learned not to get my hopes up with a series with many books like this . Terrible with a capatal T-E-R-R-I-B-L-E .
 If the actors did this movie for the money , well , I seriously doubt they made much!Starts out OK , but about 1/4 into the film it develops an undertone of creepy-ness , especially how Jim Carrey 's character tries to kill the kids at first ... then later tries to marry one of them !? I thought this was supposed to be a kid friendly movie ! For me it was more like a promotion of murder and incest!I felt rather embarresed and ripped off as this movie turned out to be more of a celebration of child abuse ! Calling this film a `` kid 's movie '' is about like having someone pee on your leg and try to make you believe its raining!In my opinion , anyone who lets their kids see this movie might as well let them watch horror flicks like The Texas Chainsaw Massacre , Halloween and Friday the 13th and Saw ! And to underscore my comment , why has n't there been any sequel to this film like the Harry Potter series -LRB- explain that all you nay-sayers -RRB- !? Hands down , Harry Potter kicked this Lemony Snickets crap square in the nuts especially since I recently learned this movie did the Lemony Snicket books absolutely no justice ! Dont be a fool and waste your money on this junk , avoid this film like the plague!One more thing
 okay , this movie is good as a stand-alone , when compared to the books , noCount Olaf is a REALLY evil dude in the books , he 's not funny at all , yet he dishes out most of the movie 's laughs . I know this is a children 's book series , but the books ' story was never funny , but since the movie is based on a children 's series , it has to be a children 's movie , so it ca n't be dark or depressing . And better yet , get NICK to do it , yeah ... thanks.That train scene , never happened in the books ... but I guess they had to add it because the 1st book 's ending is the movie 's ending !!!!!! What the heck ?????? something impossible for fans of the series to not notice.And whats with this ` spyglasses '' thing ? trying to add some new plot line to a movie ? when there wo n't be a sequel , and it 's not in the books ?!!?!? GENIUS !!! Maybe if Nick did n't get their hands on this movie it would have been different ...
 You wo n't want to see this movie unless you are , say , pre-teen . Trust me . The theater where we went was filled with little kids , maybe around 10 years old . The older teens whom I took said Jim Carrie was not funny , they actually said nothing in the movie was funny . For me , at age 50 , I found the movie un-involving , something you look at but do n't participate in . Yes , the movie did have a peculiar LoOK . To me that 's a plus . But it is not enough to carry the film . Here 's an example of the films humor . Brother and sister have a baby sibling , too young to talk . But she makes noises and apparently the filmmaker talks baby talk . So baby sounds off , and across the bottom of the screen we see her translated , `` Bite me . '' At this , the ten year olds throughout the theater laugh .
 Wowee . Why did Lemony Snicket even bother to write the books ? I 'M SURE IT WAS N'T SO SOME IDIOT COULD COME AND DESTROY THEM . This is achieved quite well in A Series of Unfortunate Events
 The first three books were my favorite of the series . I saw the movie the day after it came out and it was not what I expected . The wedding was at the very end of the movie . The part where the Baudelire children convince Aunt Josefina electric appliances were fine was skipped . They should not have combined the first three books into one movie . There is an elf in the start of the movie . The elf is in other scenes and it is not in any books . Uncle Monty said he needed an inventor , a reader , and a biter to help him build the cage for the snake in the book . In the movie they never build the cage even though he adresses that part . I thought it was rushed and left to much stuff out . It was not as true to the books as I expected .
 In 2004 , Brad Silberling directed the film entitled `` Lemony Snicket 's A Series of Unfortunate Events '' . The film was based upon a series of dark children 's books written by Daniel Handler , who created the pseudonym of Lemony Snickets . The film 's basic plot is that the wealthy parents of three children die in an inexplicable fire at their spacious home . The orphaned children that include Violet Baudelaire -LRB- Emily Browning -RRB- , Klaus Baudelaire -LRB- Liam Aiken -RRB- and the intelligent infant Sunny Baudelaire -LRB- Kara Hoffman & Shelby Hoffman -RRB- , are taken by their parent 's attorney , Mr. Poe -LRB- Timothy Spall , who played Peter Pettigrew in the 2004 `` Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban '' -RRB- , to a distant relative named Count Olaf -LRB- Jim Carrey -RRB- . The eccentric & unpleasant Count Olaf agrees to take the children in because he wants their inheritance and will do anything -LRB- including murder -RRB- to get it . The children quickly figure this out after Count Olaf leaves them locked in his car on railroad tracks with an approaching train , but the children survive thanks to their own abilities and the timely arrival of Mr. Poe . Unfortunately for the children , neither Mr. Poe nor any other adults believe their dire warnings that Count Olaf is attempting to kill them ; but Mr. Poe does take the children to their Uncle Monty -LRB- Billy Connolly -RRB- and later to their Aunt Josephine -LRB- Meryl Streep -RRB- , each of whom meet tragic ends with Count Olaf very close by . Eventually , they are returned to Count Olaf who decides upon another course to help ensure his ability to obtain the children 's wealth.Upon watching this dark film , I was quickly reminded of the 1965 Jerry Lewis film entitled `` The Family Jewels '' , in which an orphaned girl named Donna Peyton -LRB- Donna Butterworth -RRB- is taken by her chauffer named Willard -LRB- Jerry Lewis -RRB- to visit 5 of her 6 uncles -LRB- each played by Jerry Lewis -RRB- . The sixth uncle , named ` Bugs ' -LRB- also played by Jerry Lewis -RRB- , kidnaps Donna for a ransom ; but in the end , Donna must decide whom she wants to be her legal guardian . Similar to Jerry Lewis playing seven characters in `` The Family Jewels '' , Jim Carrey plays Count Olaf , who disguises himself to be three other people ; but where `` The Family Jewels '' is a light-hearted comedy , `` Lemony Snicket 's A Series of Unfortunate Events '' was intended to be a dark comedy with cinematography & costuming similar to the 1991 `` The Addams Family '' , as well as the 1995 French film `` The City of Lost Children '' -LRB- a.k.a. , `` La Cit&eacute; des enfants perdus '' -RRB- . Though some may argue that `` Lemony Snicket 's A Series of Unfortunate Events '' could not be based upon the Jerry Lewis ' 1965 film `` The Family Jewels '' because of the books written by Daniel Handler , two significant facts must be pointed out
 I had high hopes for this film but it failed to entertain me in almost every regard . The writing is weak , we never get a chance to know or care for the cildren and Count Olaf as not intimidating as a villian - he 's a mean spirited clown . Whenever Jim Carey was on screen the life of the film was sucked out . It was a great study in how a single actor can completely kill a story . Twenty minutes into the film I was about to turn it off until Meryl Streep showed up and saved the day . Suddenly we were seeing a real character who was totally compelling.The sets and art direction are very good but the animated end credits blow it all away . The film could have been ten times stronger if it was made in the style of the end credits . They 're darker , creepier , more whimsical and interesting than anything else in the film . When the best thing you can say about a film is its end credits you know there is a problem.The DVD offers deleted scenes , a commentary and a making of short , but honestly I had no interest in watching them after viewing the movie . If you 're a fan of the book you may enjoy this movie , but to all other 's I say avoid it , but if you must see it watch the end credits first .
 Lemony Snicket 's `` A Series of Unfortunate Events '' are cult bestsellers among children . They do n't have the wide appeal of the Harry Potter series , nor the controversy of His Dark Materials . There is a mixture of the morbid , the comical , and fantastical . In the movie version , however , what charm there was in the books is lost.Jim Carrey stars as the hammy Count Olaf , the villain of the piece . Carrey 's performance is forgettable in its campiness . He twists his face a lot , but there 's no depth . Meryl Streep stars as the paranoid Aunt Josephine , again a forgettable performance . The child actors who star as the trio of Baudelaire orphans-Klaus , Violet , and Sunny - succeed despite the leaden script . They are believeable and sympathetic.The special effects are spectacular , such as Aunt Josephine 's cliffside house , or the house of snakes . There 's a steampunk sensibility blending the technology of today -LRB- Count Olaf has keyless remote control for his car -RRB- , aspects of the '30s -LRB- Count Olaf reads about Lon Chaney in a movie magazine -RRB- and a Victorian style . One half-expects to see the Baudelaire orphans stopping by Lyra 's Oxford or the Magisterium 's zeppelins soaring overhead to Bolvangar . This movie preceded `` Golden Compass '' , having its look , but lacking its depth and interest.The movie IS all about a series of unfortunate events -LRB- complete with Jude Law 's handsome silhouette & narration ;-RRB- It 's merely a series of vignettes . Characters and ideas remain undeveloped . The Vatican recently condemned `` Golden Compass '' as a cold , soulless , godless movie -- that 's a more fitting description for this movie .
 Orignally after being bugged non-stop from the kids bought this , then made the HUGE mistake of letting them watch it ! . They actually fell asleep!While as an adult I could meander through and understnad the dark humor , they mostly at first found it too dark and very disturbing , then just boring . It is a very dark sort of rambling story that sometimes follows the books , and sometimes does n't . It tells a story where the adults are the either totally lost and not there upstairs or mean and cruel , and the children are lost souls trying to understand their completely dark , disturbing , and uninviting , uninhabitable world.As an adult it does give a smile or too at adult fears overdramatized in a child 's view of them , and the noncense of some adults that seem to have lost their mind.Ok for an adult with an over-intellectual mind that wants to ponder the darkness of his psychy , but most definitely not worth buying for anyone under 13 . All in all I found it to be too dark and full of gloom . No hapinees in sight on this one .
 The Baudelaire children lead a cushy life of reading books , inventing , and biting . One day at the beach Mr. Poe informs them of the unfortunate event of their house and parents burning down . They are then shuffled around to various unrelated relatives . At every turn they are perused by their uncle Count Olaf , who covets their inheritance . Trying to explain this to grownups is almost impossible.Grate narration of the movie by Jude Law ; he added a dimension that made you want to see what was happening next.The books offer such great -LRB- terrible -RRB- resources for the movie . However it was a bit much trying to cram three books into one movie . Each book has more than enough story line for a movie . The events were taken out of order which actually watered down the pathos and everyone could tell this even if they did not read the books . The details are there but we miss the purpose and the lessons.They chose just the right actors to play the Baudelaire brats , Violet , Klaus , and baby Sunny -LRB- Emily Browning , Liam Aiken , Kara and Shelby Hoffman . -RRB- They did a great job of depicting the book characters . The addition of the underscore for Sunny was a notice touch.The only real negative part of the movie was using Jim Carry in the place of Count Olaf . He was too exaggerated even for Jim Carry and distracted from the spookiness of the story . What should have been a spooky but see though person turned out to be too clownish.They picked an excellent Uncle Monty -LRB- Billy Connolly -RRB- born and brought up in Glasgow , Scotland , looks and sounds like a cross between John Cleese and Sean Connery.During the ending credits there ware some great drawings that make you think that this would have made a great cartoon series.Once Bitten
 Zzzzzzzzz ... . I 'm pretty certain even the most zombified of DVD-drugged kiddies would eventually get bored with this non-stop , in-your-face Jim Carey parade . The magical sets and special effects were decent , but expected ; all the overblown CG stuff is getting tiresome . The real problem with this Harry Potter Lite project is the lack of any real intrigue in the story and the constant scenery chewing by Carey . Hiring a no-name for the star would have been a better bet . I was expecting clever and quick , but every `` event '' ended in very rote fashion with a unfortunate lack of wows or oohs . The kid actors were cute and enjoyable whenever Carey allowed them time to chime in .
 I was expecting this movie to be much better than a 2 star review . The character casting is ok ... Klaus wasnt supposed to be taller than Violet , but other than that , the casting was allright . The movie is entirely out of order , im not going to give anything away , but if you have read the books and you see the movie you will see that the movie has scrambled the 3 books into a messed up order . There were also so many missing scenes , and many added scenes that had nothing to do with the book . Hint Hint ... Train Scene ... All in all i would never see this movie again , and dont reccomend anyone else seeing it , unless you havnt read the books , or dont care if it is completely out of order .
 We were bored by this film , and so was the rest of the audience in the theatre . When the movie ended , no one said ` wow , what a great film . ' No one in the audience chatted happily about his or her favorite character , nor did anyone rehash a favorite scene.Yes , a series of unfortunate events befalls the children , but we just do n't care . The movie never grabs our heartstrings . To their credit , all the actors do a good job , from the baby & teenagers through all the adult performances . But there is just something missing from this film .
 Want to see what would happen if they took the dark shadows out of Daniel Handler 's best selling `` Lemony Snicket '' books and replaced that series ' gloomy edge with the coppery glow of a `` Harry Potter '' movie ? Then you 're in luck because that 's what 's happened with this adaptation . I 'm stunned at how many people are giving five-stars to this film , which is monotonous and dull.Viewers also get ample opportunity to watch Jim Carrey do his thing as Count Olaf , a dusty , villainous fop who gains custody of Violet , Klaus and Sunny Baudelaire following the mysterious death of their parents , and who repeatedly attempts to relieve his young charges of their inheritance.Olaf looks and acts a little like the love child of Ichabod Crane and Beetlejuice . Again and again , the camera pushes right in on his bushy muttonchops , his prosthetic tomahawk nose , his eyelash-length eyebrows and his chattering , mossy teeth as he says and does truly wicked things.Watching , I could n't help wonder
 The box appeared to arrive fine and undamaged from THE WOODLAND GROUP , LLC . However , after unwrapping the new 2-Disc DVD Special Collector 's Edition of `` Lemony Snickets , A Series of Unfortunate Events '' it became obvious the case was broken as I opened the shell . After unwrapping the shrinkwrap and removing the factory seals the case is no longer held together . It opens flimsily and reveals the damage . One of the side locking tabs was snapped and the back half of the case is split right to the spindle of the second disc . The shell insert and the two discs are fine , but I am afraid the shell will scratch the second disc by the case with use . I do not think this was a shipping issue , but was already damaged when packaged at the factory . Sold by
 COUNT OLAF IS SUPPOSED TO BE EVIL NOT FUNNY KLAUS WEARS GLASSES AND MR. POE COUGHS ALL THE TIME THE MOVIE LOOKS OK BUT THE STORY IS NOT ANYTHING LIKE THE BOOKS AT ALL READ THE BOOKS AND DONT WATCH THIS PS ACE VENTURA IS NOT OLAF
 I purchased this movie because I thought it would be appropriate for my family movie night . Thankfully the kids were more interested in playing than movie watching as my sister and I had the opportunity to pre-screen . OH , MY ... this movie is NOT FUN FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY !! I 've never read the books , but the movie was totally inappropriate and should have been rated PG-13 . This film is full of abuse ... attempted murder of three children , physical abuse , and almost on the verge of sexual abuse as Jim Carey 's character tries to marry the female CHILD . Regardless of what the marriage was supposed to be intended for in no way does it ever make sense for a nasty old man to marry a little girl . Just gross . My kids will not watch this movie and I dare to say I probably wo n't be able to tolerate for another sitting myself . What a disappointment !!
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life ! Count Olaf is supposed to be a dark and evil creature , but instead you have Jim Carrey who is forced his way out of commedy and being funny as he usually is . It jumps around from book to book to fast and misses the most important plots . In book 1 , Violet got away with writing with her left hand , instead Count Olaf catches her in the act . In book two , there was noting about Uncle Montey 's life and his family dying in a fire . The 3rd book is the one that actually followed the book.Klause had glasses , his character did not . Violet had black hair not brown.They totally skipped the whole point of Justice Straus , who played a huge rule in the books . They did not find pasta in olaf 's kitchen , they went to the market for that.They did not have a scence about the train in any of the books at all ! What is the point of that ?! They did not capture Olaf and make hime do all the bad things he tried to do to the kids , he got away.I SERIOUSLY WOULD GIVE THIS A ZERO !!! READ THE BOOKS AS THEY ARE MEANT TO BE !!!
 So I went to see this movie with one of my friends . I 'm a pretty big Harry Potter film and after everyone and their mom had gone on and on about how this was the next Harry Potter , I thought I 'd check it out . Well , I ended up pretty surprised . But not pleasantly surprised . This was easily hands down the worst movie I saw in 2004 . It was painful to watch . It was obvious that they took multiple books and compressed it into one short movie as there were a lot of huge gaping plot holes , and everything felt rushed . While Jim Carrey was obnoxious , I did enjoy his impression of Dick Cheney as one of Count Olaf 's characters.What really bothered me about the movie was the completely useless cameos . Why did they put Cedric the Entertainer in this movie ? Odd casting choice as the detective . Jennifer Coolidge ? Luis Guzman ? They did n't even have any lines , just background characters . Why were they there ? And Dustin Hoffman as a theatre critic ? He had one line . Again , pointless.The movie was painful to sit through . I would 've gotten up and walked out , but I was n't sure how my friend felt about the movie . Turns out she felt the same way and wanted to leave as well .
 I hated this movie ! How did it suck you ask ? It did n't follow the series at all , They left out tons of stuff , They mixed character traits , and the acting sucked the worse !!! This is by far Jim Carrey 's worst movie ever !! Do n't waste your money buying it and do n't waste your time watching it !!!!!
 No . Just no . Do n't rent this . OK . A little something . It makes a lot of noise that adds nothing to the plot . Sheryl Lee -LRB- probably spelled that wrong -RRB- apparently has been scrabbling for a paycheck ever since Twin Peaks and it depresses me to see her act at all since that effort . There 's a few other `` never rans '' in this that seem to really be trying but all for nought . I think Mickey Rourke is usually interesting , even in bad movies and he was in this one , too . But that 's about all the good I can say about it . Honestly , I knew better than to rent this but I did . Shame on me .
 I am a big Mickey Rourke fan but I must say this is probably one of the few movies that he has been in that really sucked -LRB- Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man and the action garbage he did ` Point Blank ' ... or at least that is what I think his Die Hard in a mall was called -RRB- . This movie was just really horrible and I watched it once and doubt I will ever see it again . The buck toothed goofey grinning Baldwin brother stands out as being particulalry bad .
 One reviewer gave it five stars because its a `` gay movie . '' If you consider that a redeeming quality , then that 's the ONLY redeeming quality . I found NOTHING about the movie to be redeeming , interesting or entertaining . Its one of those plots where you keep staring , thinking that something big or interesting is going to happen . It never does . The movie is creepy , the dialog is stilted , the story line is disjointed , the plot is weak the cinematography is amateurish . Its just a collection of odd events that barely have any connection to one another with a gay theme running throughout . I think its some kind of statement on child abuse or homosexuality . What in the world was the purpose of showing the mother making a pie running throughout the entire film ? I have no idea what its really about . The gay themes are disturbing to say the least , and nothing about the movie makes the slightest bit of sense , especially the ending . I 'm still not sure what the he ** happend ?! That 's an hour and a half of my life I 'll never get back .
 OK performances in a completely predictable story . Nothing new here , living off Tarantino 's success filmmakers , producers and writers rewrite his film over and over , as in Fall Time .
 Stephen Baldwin and Mickey Rourke as a pair of gay thieves ? I do n't think so . As usual in theses films -LRB- 2 straight actors pretending to be gay -RRB- , the 2 leads barely even touch each other . Rourke 's dialogue is laughable . The ` non-name ' actors are more interesting than ` names ' . The film 's opening is very promising , but goes downhill from there . Yet another example of ` getting it wrong ' when straight -LRB- ? -RRB- directors attempt to protray gay characters .
 I have seldom seen such a bad movie with so much talent . -LRB- David Arquette , Stephen Baldwin , Mickey Rourke , etc. -RRB- One wonders what they saw in potential for this script or why they made choices to be involved.This horribly misguided film centers around a juvenile prank gone awry that ends up involving two bank-robbers who freak and there is enough gratuitous violence and mindless killing -LRB- and torture -RRB- to last me for the rest of my life . The film starts out terribly boring and gets more mindless and boring as it concludes , perhaps expecting the violence to make up for the total lack of story.This is a disaster not worth enduring . Save the actors and film-makers the embarrassment of seeing this film and see something else .
 I kept waiting for this movie to earn the ratings that it had ... Total waste of time ! The characters are annoying and the storyline make me fidgety and nervous . I do not recommend this film at all .
 I really expected more from this film because of the excellent cast , but other than a few good scenes this film just sits there . The endless chatter is neither funny nor interesting for the most part and I found myself wanting this film to just end.As independent films goes this is one of most disappointing ones I 've seen . There are a few shinning moments in this scattered tale about nothing , but there are so many better films out there , it just is n't worth your time .
 Amazon tells me that `` the community '' shows a high interest in my reviews and has requested that I upload a photo of myself for my profile page . Most likely , my tendency to be truthful to a fault has attracted someone who would like to make a dartboard out of my face . Well , far be it from me to disappoint . So here I go with my review of this DVD
 This DVD has however many minutes of Rick sitting in front of a fireplace telling us an exhaustive list of events that happened throughout history at the time of the Pluto/Jupiter conjunct/opposition and the Pluto/Uranus conjunct/opposition . The same cartoon of Pluto and Jupiter spins around over and over and over again when we are not looking at Rick in front of the fireplace . The only decent aspect of the DVD was a beautiful but repetitive graphic image of the planets orbiting the sun . This is not an instructive astrology DVD - it is an advertorial about how astrology is useful in predicting world events .
 Well title sound promising . Some explanations of major event looked like they match to some stars alignment until Mr Levine started talk about events what I know a little better such as two leaders on different sides of front line in World War II . So Mr Levine pointed at year 1931 saying that at this year two leaders -LRB- mentioned below -RRB- '' . . coming to power '' because of Saturn - Pluto alignment along with Cancer zodiac sign . Here we go . Cancer 21 June - 22 July has nothing to do with that two leaders or their career . Stalin was born on Dec. 21 , 1879 , Hitler - April 20th 1889 . Now about magic 1931 . Here is a facts : '' ... By 1921 Adolf Hitler had virtually secured total control of the Nazi party.March 1933 . The powers of legislation was taken away from the Reichstag and transferred to Hitler 's cabinet for a period of four years . He was appointed Chancellor of Germany on January 30th 1933 . Stalin was elected General Secretary of the Party in 1922 , and began to increase his personal power . By 1930 , he stood alone atop the Party and the Soviet Union ... `` So as you can see there is not major event on 1931 regarding to these persons.I 'm not going to dig up the other facts . It just enough to say that for me now astrology looks like an edge smearing of accuracy . However the stars has influence on us . For example there was Russian astronomer Anatoly Dyakov -LRB- 1911 -- 1985 -RRB- who by studding the Sun activities predicted the weather on Earth with precise accuracy predicting in the summer of 1972 on the Central Russian elevation fall great dryness and frost in France . Here is some facts of underestimating the skeptics
 Maybe in fairness I should disclaim I watched Happy Birthday Harris Malden the same night as this -LRB- both Cinetic films -RRB- - which makes this fellow indie feel like it sucks the life out of what time you have to watch films.This irritating hand held mess follows several lady `` friends '' as they eat , go to the bathroom with sunglasses on , walk , argue , drive , camp and pretty much bore the heck out of you . This got all kinds of wonderful reviews out of a film festival or two for those that enjoy this style of shaky-cam film making and improv , but it is not worth the price to get on demand.There are no menus , sound options or immediate eject options once this spirals into full irritation level ; proceed at your risk with the knowledge of the style and content , skipper .
 I ordered this DVD , but it was not included in the sealed package . I had seen this movie On Demand and really liked it . I was disappointed to discover that a DVD could not be sent to me ... that a refund had to be issued .
 Two movies-in-one here . Evil Maker 1 and 2 gives us a hodge podge of ebb and flow ; the fist one is about a group of friends -LRB- all girls -RRB- that go on a road trip and end up at a house where evil dwells -LRB- oops , that 's a title to a different movie -RRB- ; the movie bogs down with the obligatory last-act-of-the-movie-first scenario that tells us ... nothing ... and the movie is about thirty minutes too long at getting to the conclusion , which involves a confusing plot twist and an equally confusion murderous response . eh ... okay b-horror with pizza and beer.The sequel sort of rearranges the storyline from the first film and becomes even more confusing ... or maybe it 's just confused all on its own ... than ever . The sequel is not even good b-horror , but after a few beers you wo n't care .
 Okay , if you include this with 49 other movies for around $ 20 as I had , you may be incensed by epics such as this . However , if you actually purchase it on its own , you should be asking yourself just WHO are these people that are allowed to sell camera equipment to just about anyone . FORGET about gun laws ... get an I.D. check on these people.Oh well , maybe all this explains Obama ... By the by , if you DO happen to be of masochistic yearning , this movie actually does have a sequel equally effective in inducing in most viewers dull mouth-dropping experience . I understand one can recreate the effect of absinthe by watching both serially , but might I suggest one not do so without the use of a lobster bib unto which to drool.GO RED SOX !!!
 I 've seen all of Elvis ' movies , and this is one of the worst three -LRB- Stay Away Joe and Double Trouble being the other two -RRB- . If I had to pick one worst , this would be it .
 this film is probably the worst film ever made by elvis.the acting is bad the plot is dull and most of all the movie almost put me to sleep.Ilove elvis but this film does not give justice for his talent .
 `` Harum Scarum '' -LRB- 1965 -RRB- remains among the low points in the Elvis Presley filmography - a movie so wretched that Col. Tom Parker suggested adding a talking camel to the proceedings . This cheesy `` musical-comedy '' with a Middle East setting is a disaster from beginning to fade out . Elvis sings a passable rocker titled `` Hey Little Girl , '' but that 's all the entertainment value you will find here . Presley 's boredom and disgust with the ludicrous material is evident throughout .
 This is the wrost Elvis Presley film I saw . In fact , I do n't know why it was even made . In fact , this movie needs zero stars . But ... wo n't go that far.You have to wonder why Elvis Presley stars in this hoo-hum movie . Johnny Tyronne -LRB- Elvis Presley -RRB- is a American actor who gets kidnapped.When the movie begins , we see Johnny watching a movie -LRB- with him in it . -RRB- While his missing , he meets a princess -LRB- Mary Ann Mobley -RRB- . Andybody who likes this movie , he/she needs to get thier eyes checked.Johnny is hired to kill the king -LRB- Philip Reed -RRB- . Which he ends up behind bars , singing So Close But Yet So Far . Is this how Colonel Tom Parker wanted people to remember Elvis Presley like this after he is dead.I guess so . Why would anybody want to see a movie with an American actor-singer star gets kiddnapped?Elvis should have said `` NO '' when he was asked to be in this movie.Songs include , Golden Coins , Harem Holiday , Shake That Tamborine , and So Close But Yet So Far .
 ... and when the Colonel does n't like it , you know it 's got ta be bad ! Absolute trash from the most talented entertainer of the twentieth century ! It does n't even work as a spoof , because spoofs are funny , and this one is n't . If negative stars could be awarded , this would rank about a minus 10 ! No wonder Elvis said of Hollywood , `` I know this town 's laughing at me . '' He was right ! After this turkey they were . Do n't waste ninety minutes of your life watching this . Pop in King Creole if you want to get a glimpse of what Presley 's film career could have been like if someone involved with these movies actually gave a damn .
 Anyone who could sit through this turkey and then give it the highest rating of 5 stars has my sympathy . You really need to see a doctor.Elvis made a number of movies that were n't great . But this is the WORST.Absolutely nothing to recomend it as a film . Though the soundtrack is very good .
 Why they chose this movie to put in a box set is beyond me . I remember seeing this movie as a kid and thinking it was dumb . Where is Girl Happy ? They have put out practically every other movie of his but not this one . It should have been put out long before Harum Scarum . The plot was simply ridiculous and completely unbelievable even for an Elvis movie .
 I was recently on a quest to find the worst Elvis movie , and this is surely it . According to Peter Guralnick 's `` Careless Love '' -LRB- the best bio of Elvis yet written -RRB- , even the Colonel was flabbergasted at how badly this one turned out . The film makes no sense , the acting and songs are worse than usual , and when its all over , you just feel depressed and ashamed . Though not as technically flawed as an Ed Wood movie , its at about the same artistic level .
 An unfunny , and flat , effort to style Elvis as a Valentino-Errol Flynn romantic hero , badly written and looking shoddy with sterile backlots filling in for Arabian-type scenery . Features only one worthwhile song , `` So Close Yet So Far '' , while the best track , `` Animal Instinct '' was left out -LRB- although appearing as a ` bonus song ' on the soundtrack album -RRB- . After inane material such as this , John Lennon 's quip that Elvis `` died in the Army '' is hauntingly accurate , in a figurative sense .
 This picture is real hard to sit through.Elvis plays an American film star -LRB- ironic , indeed -RRB- that gets kidnapped by Arabians . Of course he falls in love with one of the ladies , but a conflict occurs when he is ordered to kill her father . Huh?Anyway , both the plot and the accompanying songs are weak . The only song that comes close to being good is `` So Close , Yet So Far '' . The others range from the average Elvis movie song -LRB- `` Mirage '' , `` Hey , Little Girl '' -RRB- to the ridiculous -LRB- `` Shake That Tambourine '' -RRB- . This is a picture that should have never seen the light of day , and is not good for those who already have a negative image of Elvis Presley . For die-hards only !
 Words fail to describe how awful this film is ... and yet , I have not enjoyed watching a movie this much in a long , long time . It is screamingly funny , albeit in mostly unintentional ways . The dialog is somewhere south of stupid ; the sets look as fake and cheap as the backyard of `` The Brady Bunch '' ; the costumes seem to be from someone 's attic ; and the music is vapid and cheesier than a vat of Velveeta . There is one very creepy sequence where Elvis ' character encourages an overly precocious young girl to dance `` seductively '' for him , and of course , racist stereotyping abounds throughout . Elvis gamely tries to make his character credible , but at times , I think he deserves an Oscar simply for not rolling his eyes . By all means , see this movie with someone you love , and be prepared to hoot like a tree full of owls . This one makes CLAMBAKE look like CITIZEN KANE .
 I am a huge fan of Elvis 's music and movies . Own them all on vhs and the DVD 's as they 've come out . That being said , Harum Scarum is THE WORST piece of trash ever captured on film . It 's nearly criminal to watch one of the greatest talents in the history of mankind sleep walk through this pile of rubbish . The Presley estate should do Elvis and the rest of us a favor . Buy the master and burn it in a bonfire celebration at Graceland ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Entertainment , much as beauty , is in the eye of the beholder . No doubt the steadfast loyalty of dedicated Elvis fans will find value in this movie . Casting Elvis Presley in a spoof of Rudolph Valentino movies was unfortunate . This could be the film that left Elvis crying in the chapel , and it leaves the viewer indescribably blue . Good sense notwithstanding the film was made . That 's when your heartaches begin . One could give some credit for attempting a different approach from Elvis ' usual `` fun in the sun '' formula film , but the end result lacks charm . Describing the plot is pointless . The music is the '60s pop fluff that Elvis and the songwriters phoned in . It adds to one 's reflective midlife melancholy to remember that in 1965 , while Elvis ' formidable talent was squandered in cheesy movies , the Beatles were leading the charge of the British Invasion ; storming the ramparts and taking no prisoners in the realm of rock music and innovative style . Elvis , you left us much too soon . You really deserved better , and so do we . Return to sender . ; - -RRB-
 What 's wrong with these companies pushing out good vintage TV shows without even English subtitles?Is because viewers with hearing problems or simply deaf do n't count?I do n't like this , and because it is a matter of principles for me , I wo n't buy TV showswithout subtitles.What a shame , how inconsiderate these people are to a significant portion of the old TV shows lovers .
 THE CASE WAS BROKE ALL UP THE DVD THAT WAS TO COME IN THE SET WAS NOT COMPLETE . THIS IS NOT A PERSON I EVER WANT TO DEAL WITH .
 I have looked for the ` Bounty Hunter Dead or Alive ' episode for years and was thrilled to finally find it here . What a DISAPPOINTMENT to discover the original soundtrack with Jim Croce ? is replaced with some 3rd rate jingly stuff . Big letdown and NO MENTION of it in any of these early reviews I saw . The picture quality is high .
 Hunter was one of the first shows besides Miami Vice to feature popular rock songs playing in the background of many scenes . Unfortunately , many of the songs have been edited out and replaced with subsitute music , no doubt due to an unwillingness to pay high royalties . Anyone who 's seen the reruns in syndication will instantly spot the changes in the DVD version . The new music ruins the enjoyment of many episodes . Also , the packaging is very poor , with only the vaguest of episode descriptions provided and the biographies of the shows stars presented in a format that is so ridiculous it can hardly be described .
 I really like the show . Like the actors and everything , but eventhough it 's been years since I 've seen the pilot episode , it was blatantly obvious that the opening scene of the episode originally had the song `` Bad Moon Rising '' playing . When I popped the DVD into my player , this is the first red flag I noticed . I do n't remember the music on the other episodes as well , but I can only imagine it has been badly substituted as well . I am VERY DISAPPOINTED in this . Not even a mention/warning of this on the box . I WILL NOT BE BUYING THE REST OF THE SERIES , THAT 'S FOR SURE !!!
 The original music for each season of Hunter has been removed and replaced with generic music . Many consumers buy old TV shows such as Hunter because of the nostalgia value . When totally generic music and bland vocals erupt where there was once the popular music of the era , the scene is completey ruined . The new soundtrack is quite horrible and ruins the mood and much of the nostalgia value of quite a few episodes.These DVD sets are cheap , and it 's fun to see the episodes with a high quality picture , but whoever was in charge of changing the soundtrack should be fired!Note : It is n't a matter of COST for the studio to get the rights to the original music , it 's a question of GREED concerning profit margins . VEI -LRB- an excellent company -RRB- released all THREE seasons of Hardcastle and McCormick -LRB- Another great Stephen J. Cannell TV series -RRB- , quickly , and with all the original music . In comparison , Anchor Bay has RUINED every single Stephen J. Cannell release by horribly editing episodes and replacing the original music . You ca n't tell me that Hunter , 21 Jump Street , or the Greatest American Hero would n't sell well enough to cover the cost of obtaining the rights to the original music . If VEI could do it , that tells me that Anchor Bay just did n't care enough about the fans ! - JM
 I wish I had the text space to write everything I want to say about this bogus `` documentary . `` First off off I run a paranormal group so I 'm not here as some super-skeptic looking to shoot this film down.Let me point out a few things I want to share ... 1 -RRB- Acting is terrible . Believable at first but it get 's pretty bad after the shadow figure is recorded down the hall .2 -RRB- there is a scene in the movie where the lead investigator walks into a room then turns to face the camera and the door mysteriously shuts on it 's own . He is then attacked and his team frantically tries to get the door open . A few things wrong with thisA -RRB- Right before the door shuts a female investigator walks towards the door -LRB- while it 's open -RRB- and disappears into the shadows where the IR wo n't penetrate and no flashlights are pointing . Easily in a position to shove this door shut with her foot.B -RRB- The door swings inwards on fixed hinges yet when they return to the room several months later the door swings outwards . Mind you that this place is abandoned.C -RRB- When the investigator is attacked he comes out of the room stumbling on his feet -LRB- more poor acting -RRB- while hiding his face . Why hide your face ? Because he was only trapped in this room for about 10 seconds which was not enough time to apply the make-up for the INCREDIBLE bite mark on his cheek and bruises on his forehead that were all of a sudden visible once they escaped to their meeting room.I also want to point out that while he is walking around the meeting room after the attack ranting and acting ticked off the 2 investigators/film crew people were cracking smiles . Pretty odd for such a SERIOUS moment .3 -RRB- Towards the end of the film their para-psychologist is attacked . First off there is no such thing as a `` para-psychologist . '' You can go to college to study psychology and branch into paranormal but there is no such thing as a para-psychologist so enough of that crap already.So just like earlier their `` para-psychologist '' is attacked and is a poor actor when trying to cry in pain . She proceeds to wander off when the investigators turn their back , they ultimately find her on camera and carry her out of the hall . Again , not showing her face at any point . Why do this ? It hides poor acting that can become evident by facial expressions .5 -RRB- During a scene they conduct a seance . About 5 or so are sit around a table allowing the spirit to manipulate a glass they all have their hands on . It 's is not hard at all toe spot the fakery here . You can clearly see the people controlling the glass . their body language says it all as you can see them leaning into the glass with their shoulders to make it move.NOTE : Look at their cast and crew , they are all filmmakers , horror buffs and musicians who do both . The reviews from all the sites are horror movie based sites . It 's extremely clear to me that they are less `` ghost hunters '' and more wannabe filmmakers looking to make a Blair With style movie while getting friends who run a few no name websites to give misleading plugs for their film . Also their MySpace buddies.Since there is no `` For entertainment purposes only '' clause on their site that truly makes this a scam as they are profiting off of it with their DVD and merchandise sales . I plan on bringing this to the attention of as many people as I can . I am VERY disappointed with the route these people have taken . If you want to make a horror type film then MAKE ONE ! But do n't you dare try to dupe people by advertising this crap as a `` documentary . `` If you want a cheap thrill then this is decent for the price ... if you want a real life `` DOCUMENTARY '' then this is not what you want to watch.There is more I want to share but am out of space .
 My bet - this thing is completely fake . From it 's content I do not get the feeling there is life after death , only that I 've helped Aaron pay for his summer trip to the States.Let me ask anyone who 's reading
 This has got to be one of the worst paranormal documentaries I 've seen so far ! I could n't even bring myself to watch the whole video . It made me sick!The lead investigator was way too self-centered and seemingly in it for his own self-interest . Quite frankly , if I 'd been a ghost in the Hall , I would have fled as far and fast from the place as I could while they were there.Not to mention that if I had been a member of the team , I would have done the same.This is the kind of crap that gives serious Investigation teams a bad name.It most certainly was n't even worth the money spent to rent it here .
 First , the video and audeo quality was really poor . I could have done better with my cell phone . Second , most of the show was the lead `` hunter '' shouting out `` is there anyone there , make a sound . '' That was about the sum total of the action . There were two major events , both at the very end of the film . The rest was talk . I enjoy Ghost Hunters and their ilk , they are cheesy fun . This did n't reach that level .
 The title sums up how this video rates . It is one of those pseudo-documentaries that have become , if not popular , then at least frequently aired on the SciFi Channel here in the United States . It does n't take much , as is typical of this genre , to see through the various `` sleight-of-hand '' techniques used to create the appearances of the `` ghost -LRB- s -RRB- '' . SPOILERS FOLLOW - DO NOT READ ON IF YOU PLAN TO BUY OR RENT.For example , in one scene the lead actor walks into a darkened room and the door slams shut behind . He screams then , moments later , is retrieved by the film crew . As they are pulling him out , he hides his face and the nightvision makes it impossible to see anything that might have happened . Next scene , in the light , his face is covered with marks and cuts . Obviously what they did was shoot the scene , then cut , then apply the phony makeup , then restart the cameras.The video also includes the obligatory sceance with the ever-present -LRB- and quite tiresome -RRB- shaking table and the equally common `` frightened medium '' in contact with the spirits ... in all , pretty much the same techniques used in the SciFi series and in other `` ghost hunts . '' The sole saving grace is the lead actor who does a passable job with the requisite `` surprise '' fear and reactions . All in all , if you are a fan of ghost hunt videos/television programs , and you tend to believe them , you may enjoy this . If you are a horror fan or looking for realism in a documentary , skip it .
 The title sums up how this video rates . It is one of those pseudo-documentaries that have become , if not popular , then at least frequently aired on the SciFi Channel here in the United States . It does n't take much , as is typical of this genre , to see through the various `` sleight-of-hand '' techniques used to create the appearances of the `` ghost -LRB- s -RRB- '' . SPOILERS FOLLOW - DO NOT READ ON IF YOU PLAN TO BUY OR RENT.For example , in one scene the lead actor walks into a darkened room and the door slams shut behind . He screams then , moments later , is retrieved by the film crew . As they are pulling him out , he hides his face and the nightvision makes it impossible to see anything that might have happened . Next scene , in the light , his face is covered with marks and cuts . Obviously what they did was shoot the scene , then cut , then apply the phony makeup , then restart the cameras.The video also includes the obligatory sceance with the ever-present -LRB- and quite tiresome -RRB- shaking table and the equally common `` frightened medium '' in contact with the spirits ... in all , pretty much the same techniques used in the SciFi series and in other `` ghost hunts . '' The sole saving grace is the lead actor who does a passable job with the requisite `` surprise '' fear and reactions . All in all , if you are a fan of ghost hunt videos/television programs , and you tend to believe them , you may enjoy this . If you are a horror fan or looking for realism in a documentary , skip it .
 This movie is pretty boring , nothing happens . It lacks a plot , and the directing is n't artistic enough to compensate for the fact that they really did n't have anything to fill this movie with . Basically it 's about some people living in Israel who for no particular reason are depressed and jaded . What ensues is scenes of angst , emotional distance , and corny existential ramblings . All of this happens behind a forcefully bleak atmosphere imposed by the director . Great.You could buy or rent this movie , but you 're better off throwing your money in the trash or burning it .
 Where do I begin ? I love this movie !!! With its hilariously bad acting , non-stop musical monstrosities and completely unjustified self-confidence , Standing Ovation is the Citizen Kane of Stinkbombs . I have n't laughed this hard in months , but trust me , I am laughing AT Standing Ovation , not WITH it!The Queen of this horrific train wreck is pint-sized Alanna Palombo , who goes by the name Alanna Wannabe -LRB- `` And I 'm GON NA BE !! '' she shouts repeatedly -RRB- . Alanna is like the Olsen Twins ' evil cousin who used to torture small animals , probably by singing to them . Her character constantly complains that people do n't love it when she horns in on their performances and flounces about like a possessed Raggedy Ann doll . `` All I Want To Do Is SIIIING !! '' she belts out , leaving viewers to only want to find a toilet . The story of a pre-teen group of girls -LRB- The Five Ovations -RRB- who go up against a group of wigged Mean Girls , called the Wiggies if you can believe it , is bad enough . Then you throw in the working class angst of little Brittany , whose father left her and her brother to subsist with their gambling-addicted grandpa , and the tiny Italian stereotype named Joei -LRB- Joei DeCarlo -RRB- , a mini mafioso with a purse full of electric eels , scorpions and yes , even a cobra , and Standing Ovation blasts into the stratosphere of crackpot genius . It 's a Bad Movie to love and cherish , and there is n't a bad little boy or girl who is n't getting a copy of this DVD with their coal in their stockings this Christmas .
 In 1988 , film director Stewart Raffill , released the infamous product placement induced film ; Mac and Me -LRB- the E.T. Rip-off -RRB- . 22 years later , he releases this UNREALISTIC film . first of all , the acting was not very professional . 2nd , the plot makes no sense . and 3 , none of the cast members are famous . I just do n't understand how anybody can come up with such a very dumb film like this , or why movie theaters even bothered to accept this sorry excuse for a motion picture.It is no surprise that most of the videos on youtube received so many negative comments . the trailer was n't very appealing . This movie had very little advertising and promotion . many say that it 's too similar to ` School Gyrls ' . I would n't know because I 've never the movie . I did see standing ovation and was quite sure that the unknown cast members did not know what they were doing . when I saw the movie , others who came to see it left the cinema within minutes of start time . I stayed throughout the whole movie to see if it got any better and ... IT DID N'T ! ! ! the one star i gave is exclusively for DaCav5 and their song ; ` The Runway ' . that is the only part of the film THAT WAS ACTUALLY DONE RIGHT . the rest was 100 % poorly done . most of the music was tolerable , but was n't compatible with the dance numbers . The one number that I found to be most outrageously pathetic was the Dream video with the firefighters . I do n't believe that anybody would want to give it a thumbs up . Also , the scene in the retirement home was blatantly UNREALISTIC.Some scenes in the move were also UNREALISTIC . A frog would n't be able to survive in soup that is as hot as 47 degrees Celsius . Also , nobody can train insects to be obedient . And there is a scene when everyone is getting out of the taxi . 20 passengers CAN NOT fit into the backseat of a car . IT 'S IMPOSSIBLE ! ! ! There are more UNREALISTIC scenes , but I 'm only mentioning those that make the least sense.the one scene that made me cringe was the horse race betting scene . the girl just walks into the place and security does n't immediately do anything about it . she even tries to place a bet but is told no because of her age . It surprised me that nobody other than the cashier and the security officer told the girl to leave . I think that the scene was uncalled for and ... UNREALISTIC.There WAY are too many things wrong with this movie . The cast did not do a very good job . Despite the epic failure , the cast and crew are still full of excitement . they are way too optimistic in my opinion . Many positive reviews are either from those who were involved in making this movie , or those who are in desperate need for mental help . I would n't recommend it to anybody of any age , PERIOD!As for the `` Generic '' cast members , I hope they are never seen or heard from in movies again . The privilege to be an actor/actress is a given and none of these cast members have any right to be in a movie.So once again , Stewart Raffill has managed to create another bad movie . only this time , he has made a movie that has the worst opening in all of United States history . the only thing that I 'm glad Standing ovation lacks is excessive product placement.Standing Ovation ? No . it 's more like The 5 Talentless Girls . A movie that is UNREALISTIC.if you desire to watch a movie that is junior high age , I recommend The Diary of a Wimpy Kid , Stand By Me , or Now and Then -LRB- oh how I miss Gabby Hoffman and Christina Ricci -RRB- . If a musical is what you desire a musical , wathc High School Musical -LRB- sure it 's annoying , but at least it 's professionally done and REALISTIC -RRB- .
 srsly its awful total waist of time , it was free for me but i only got through the first 15 minuets im sorry but it sucked
 Who the heck gave this movie 5 stars . I do n't even think it deserves 1 star . It 's so awful ! The acting is horrible , the story line is horrible , it 's just bad .
 This movie was HORRIBLE ! Neither myself or my 10 year old could make it all the way through this movie . It was very poorly written and acted , it was boring and half the time it did n't make any sense !
 WHY WASTE YOUR TIME ? If you are having a bad day , then wait until you see this stink bomb . My younger siblings love this movie , but I have a strong feeling when they get holder it would be one of those things they would look back on and say `` Why did we think this was good ? '' This movie is n't even worthy of a Raspberry Award . It 's not even that it does n't have celebrity talent , but that it has no talent . My siblings can sing and dance better than these kids and the youngest is two years old . No personal attack on the kids in this film , because they were hopefully doing something they love and had a great time . However , there is beautiful young raw talent out there that could have made this film enjoyable . The film tried to do this underdogs will triumph thing , but I actually thought the mean girls were for a change more talented . Actually , the most talented group in the film had maybe 15 seconds in the movie during the competition . For those , who dare to watch the film even after this I will let you figure it out . Hey you may be more entertained by playing `` Let 's find the mysterious talented act with 15 seconds in the spotlight '' more than the movie itself .
 Let 's just put it this way - this film is awful.No one in this film is famous . No one in this film needs to be famous.Well , I take that back . The only famous person involved in this film is the director , Stewart Raffill , famous for Mac and Me , a blatant E.T. ripoff that won him Worst Director and Worst Picture . It 's too bad more critics did n't see this film ; or it would have probably won Worst Picture this year over The Last Airbender . But I guess most critics could n't even bring themselves to watch it.One of the funniest things about this film is how over-confident it is . Standing Ovation is n't a good name for a film like this . The singing is mediocre -LRB- and not to mention half of the dubbing is wrong -RRB- , the dancing is unoriginal , and the movie ca n't decide whether it 's a performance-based musical or a regular musical . There 's a random musical number in the middle of a restaurant , but other than that , there is no singing other than performances.Maybe if this film were a play at a local theater , it would get a standing ovation . But it wo n't in theaters . I 'm sure none of the 400-500 people who saw the film stood up out of their seats , unless they were leaving early . All of the 5 - and 4-star reviews of this film are by people involved in it . Do n't believe them , believe the fact that this film has a 7 % -LRB- I believe -RRB- on Rotten Tomatoes , the fact that the film 's attendance dropped 94 % after the first weekend , and the fact that it had the worst opening weekend ever for a wide-release film.You 'd be better off watching High School Musical 3 .
 EVERY SINGLE 5 STAR REVIEW IS FROM SOMEONE WHO WAS INVOLVED IN THE PRODUCTION OF THE FILM . DO NOT BUY THIS IT IS TERRIBLE . STAY AWAY !
 My twins insisted I watch Standing Ovation with them . They absolutely love it . They are 8-year-old girls . I 'm a 48-year-old guy ... nuff ' said.Its kind of like watching a Disney musical but without the production values or talent . It reminded me of stuff I used to see in the 80 's . Since I 'm an Amazon Prime customer , I got to watch it for free and I still think I was ripped-off .
 This movie was not a good movie at all !!!!! Do n't waste your money on this ! !! 11 year olds try to act gangster it is just so stupid : -LRB-
 I love this movie , but who in their right mind would pay 50 bucks for it ? Not me , that 's for sure .
 Well , `` Dead Man On Campus '' was n't one of the best dark comedies that are out there but it 's ok to see at least once . If it had n't been for the main wakko guy in there , ca n't even remember the characters name , I do n't think I would have lasted through the whole movie . The whole idea of finding a roomie to kill themselves so the two main roomies could get easy A 's was funny but other than that , that was about it . Maybe I was n't in the mood for this paticular movie when I rented it but I seriously doubt it . You 're gon na have to rent it yourself to come up with your own conclusions .
 When I first saw this movie I thought it would be worth renting you know . Because I really like Zack , and the other guy is alright . It looked like a really funny movie , but after seeing it , it was more realistic than it should have been , it did n't have too many funny scenes . It just was n't worth watching .
 I thought this was going to be a funny movie with an interesting plot , but I was dead wrong . The funniest scenes were shown in the movie trailor and the rest of this movie drug along until it was mercifully over.The plot was different - if your roommate commits suicide , you get straight A 's - the problem was the bad acting and the bringing out of old , lame college jokes -LRB- crazy frat boys , ... smoking , drinking and chasing women -RRB- . This movie had potential but fell way short of what it could have been . Do n't waste your time !
 This movie is a complete waste of time . Everything that is funny was shown in the preview . If you want a GOOD movie centered around college , you can never go wrong with Animal House . If you 're not into the frat thing , then try PCU or Senseless .
 I really really hated i
 There is nothing good to say about the movie . The plot was ridiculous and irresponsible . This movie was NOT really funny at all . The movie was not a `` college humor '' movie at all . A generally painful experience .
 This play was HORRIBLE ! It was very unrealistic , filled with hypocrisy , and it made the entire family look like naive idiots !
 I could not use the video because it does not play in my VCR . It is for use in European VCRs . I had no idea there was a difference . When I ordered the video , I did not scroll down to the bottom of the page where this info was given . In my opinion , this info should be in the description of the product .
 January Man was big disappointment . It could have been much better with a better script and some tightening of the plot . I agree with the other reviewers who gave it a one-star rating and do n't feel it is necessary to repeat their comments .
 Terrible - Good actors with bad material . How do you go wrong with Kevin Kline , Susan Sarandon , Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio -LRB- I have n't liked her in anything else , but she was actually good here -RRB- , Harvey Keitel , Rod Steiger , and Danny Aiello ? Put them in a movie with a terrible screenplay and nothing to do . Kline plays a former cop , now fireman , and brother of the New York City police commissioner -LRB- Keitel - do these two look like brothers at all - NO ! -RRB- , who is called back on the force to stop a serial killer . Sarandon is Keitel 's wife and was Kline 's lover , and Mastrantonio is falling for our Kevin . The worst -LRB- over -RRB- acting job goes to Steiger , who seethes like a rabid dog throughout the whole movie . Anyway , to catch this creep , Kline uses methods so unbelievable -LRB- not in a good way -RRB- that you 'll be shaking your head . To think
 In watching the movie , I began to wonder if it was supposed to be the first of a series . I kept thinking that it was trying to be an updated version of `` The Thin Man '' series and so this movie was trying to establish the characters . With that reasoning , it makes sense the there a number of sub-plots that remain undeveloped and that the characters have strange relationships that go unexplained.However what I mostly wondered about was what they were thinking when they made this movie . This movie has done something that is truly unique . It has found ways to be bad that I have never seen in any other movie . The script is preposterous . The characters are artificial and their relationships make no sense . it is a comedy that is not funny . It is a mystery that is no suspenseful . It is thriller that is not exciting . Like others , I watched this movie in complete disbelief .
 Wow , what a stinker ! Kevin Kline , Harvey Keitel and Alan Rickman ca n't save this movie . Poorly written , poorly directed , and terribly acted . One would expect Rod Steiger to go over the top , but Danny Aiello is just as bad . Stay away from this . I paid about $ 2 for the DVD and felt I overpaid . Hard to believe I wasted perfectly good electricity to witness this drivel . Did I mention the movie was lousy ?
 Comedy ? Thriller ? Suspense ? I guess that these are all words or genres that you could use to describe this film . I would use these words if I wanted to gloss over the true feeling of this film . I would use these words if I had to sell this wallow-some film to a distributor who did n't know any better . I would use these words lightly , because if I ever believed them the battle would be forever lost . This was not a comedy . It was not a thriller . It definitely was not a suspense . So , what was it ? After viewing this film I came to the conclusion that The January Man reminded me of a puzzle put together by a two-year-old . While all the pieces were in the box to put together , sadly the infant size brain of the child chose to smash the pieces together instead of place them in corresponding orders . Thus , you have a jumbled mess with wedged pieces of what could have been an overall beautiful picture . With poor acting , a confusing plot that literally went nowhere and an ending that felt forced and premature , one can see that this puzzle is unfixable by even the best puzzler in the world . If I were those involved with the creation , I would definitely be ashamed.To begin , what was wrong with the actors ? Nobody seemed like they were giving 10 % much less 50 % of their effort for this film . Even the great ones like Keitel , Kline , and Sarandon felt like they were walking through the motions with equally confused eyes and hearts . Kline 's New York accent faded in and out throughout the film giving us no glimpse of his actual character . His role was never fully defined , so the other half of the time that we watch him on screen we just do n't care about him at all . This was one of the worst leading characters of all time . Thankfully , a completely miscast team that seemed more interested in the money than actually `` acting '' backs him up . Keitel was horrible in this film . I am a huge fan of his body of work , but in this one he walked , talked , and gave those emotionless eyes a rest . He provided nothing of value to this production . The same can be said about Sarandon , whose character seemed unfocused and undervalued , and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio , who never really got her feet wet in Hollywood until Maid Marion arrived at her doorstep . Alan Rickman was wasted , as well as the one-leveled voices of Danny Aiello and Rod Steiger whose only direction from Pat O'Conner was to yell . In other words , if you are interested in seeing this film for the acting , you will be greatly disappointed.Second , perhaps the acting can be overlooked by a strong story line ? WRONG ! This was the most convoluted script that I have ever seen Hollywood produce . We spend the first forty minutes learning about an event that happened two years ago that is never fully explained anyway . It reminded of those times that the teacher would say in class that we should all listen up because this was n't going to be on the test . Then why bother . This set the spiraling downfall for the rest of the film . This unavailable information also lead to some pretty choppy chemistry between the actors . I never say Kline and Keitel as brothers . I never saw the relationship with Sarandon possible . In fact , now that I think about it , I did n't see any of the actors meshing well together because they were working with a script that was focused on all the wrong parts . Eventually , The January Man gets so caught up on this secondary story that we find ourselves rushed into an ending and a solution that seems laughable instead of plausible . We even have a villain that is so confusing that I do n't even think he knew what he was doing in the film . The final thirty minutes of this film were the worst parts of this movie , second to all the parts before that . Whoever wrote this script must have just forgotten the basic rules of storytelling because nothing meshed well at all.Finally , I would have to comment that the marketing for this film could feel like a cheated ticket to some filmgoers . After reading some reviews for this film , I was expecting to find myself chuckling out loud at the antics of Kevin Kline and his spin on the world of investigation . I was wrong . There was no humor in this film at all . Even when O'Conner tried to bring some in , it seemed forced and unhealthy . I must repeat , this is not a comedy . It even is n't really that suspenseful , nor is the thrilling aspect actually that thrilling . I must admit that whomever sold this film to a company under the guise that it was a comedy should be awarded the `` Best Salesman of the Decade '' award . Somebody believed this film was funny and even pasted a preview to it with the word `` comedy '' written all over it . Someone sold the company a broken product ... hook , line , and sinker . I just ask you to beware.Overall , this film was horrible . From the poor acting , the cryptic story that needed some form of decoder ring to understand , the passionless actors , to the harshly branded word `` comedy '' , January Man proves that not all films should be made and that an advanced screen process should be used regularly . I genuinely encourage you to skip this film . No good will come of you watching this mess . I promise.Grade
 Despite the talented cast this is perhaps the most ridiculous film ever.A goofy hippy copy laughs along the way trying to catch an eleven murder serial killer.This writer did Moonstruck , but this is Moonstink.Seeing Rod Steiger with this material is a tragedy.The case is a joke , the characters are impossibly lame , and the dialogue would gag a collie.This film is worth seeing only to gain appreciatiation for the value of screenwriters.No amount of acting talent can lift this turkey out of the Bankok privey.I just watched this film and at the conclusion I just sat there with my mouth open not believeing how bad the film was.Saradon , Keitel , KLine , Steiger , and Rickman ... will try and forget this dog their entire lives . I can not imagaine how any studio or distributing company let this turkey reach the public.Have I gotten the point accross that the film is weak ... I hope so.If I could give it zero stars or even better , minus eleven stars , I would .
 It 's difficult to believe that John Patrick Shanley , shortly after winning an Oscar for `` Moonstruck , '' penned this abominable movie . What was he thinking ? `` The January Man '' tries to be a comedy , a mystery , a romance , and a thriller , but it fails miserably on all levels.With an all-star cast including Kevin Kline , Alan Rickman , Rod Steiger , Susan Sarandon , and Harvey Keitel , you 'd think this would be a gem . Alas , it 's just a big mess with an implausible storyline , awful dialogue , and no chemistry between the actors.It 's rare and appalling to see so much talent produce so poor of a movie .
 It 's obvious that Kevin Kline was trying to capitalize on his success in `` A Fish Called Wanda '' when he signed on to play the lead in `` The January Man . `` Sadly , the success is n't repeated.Kline , inspired as the crazy hit-man in `` Fish , '' is singularly uninspired as the offbeat cop in `` January . '' This is a cast with tons of promise , but with little plot and less script to aid them . Alan Rickman 's character is potentially the most interesting , but even he lacks dimension.After flopping in the departments of comedy and romance , the only possible salvation for `` The January Man '' is its potential as a thriller . Kline does have just enough charisma to possible keep you watching all 97 dreary minutes . But beware
 I 'll tell you the truth - I purchased this film only so I could say I now own every movie Alan Rickman has ever done . He , as any fan will tell you , brings vivid life to every character he does . His portrayal of Ed the Artist is absolutely what I expected - well done , although the part was small.Now , for the rest of the movie . I have never witnessed overacting like this in my life -- not even on the high school stage . The plot was thin and disjointed , -LRB- what do Virgo , prime numbers and Neil Sedaka all have in common ? Did I miss something ? -RRB- and the scene where they finally catch the murderer is some of the worst acting I 've seen.I 've given it two stars strictly because of Alan Rickman 's involvement in the film and because I did stick it out until the end . If you are a fan , rent this just to hear him say , `` Do n't molest anything - '' ...
 What in the world happened with this clunker ? You have a script from Oscar winning writer John Patrick Shanley -LRB- Moonstruck -RRB- ; a cast any director would die for ; and an initially interesting premise . But even with all that , THE JANUARY MAN is not a good movie . Shanley 's script is so disjointed and the only attempt at comedy seems to be Kline 's physical confrontation with the killer . It takes the movie at least thirty minutes to focus on the killings , and even then , it plods along . Shanley may have tried to hard to force the genres to work , and it shows . And director Pat O'Connor should be required to do community service for his mishandling of this talented cast . Kevin Kline , usually a strong presence in any film , plays Nick Starkey like it was an After School special -- bland , unfocused and murky . Susan Sarandon , who has won an Oscar , tries to be a kind of Julia Roberts femme fatale , but she 's about as seductive as a seahorse . Rod Steiger and Danny Aiello overact so badly , it 's hard to believe these gentlemen have given us such good work in the past . Harvey Keitel needs to play villains if this is how he chooses to embody a `` good guy '' for a change . Alan Rickman 's Ed is stereotypical artiste , but he at least adds some needed color to the movie . And Mary Elizabeth Mastroantonio is pathetically dull and lethargic.THE JANUARY MAN could have been a good thriller , but under O'Connor 's awful direction and Shanley 's poorly developed script , it merely becomes one of those classic examples of a good movie gone bad .
 Viewed
 The fighting scene in this movie looks like a kids ' play . The acting is laughable . The plot is full of logicall holes . This is the worst thing because it 's supposed to be a detective movie . For example , the detective was able to predict what room of a building the murderer was going to kill a person by looking at the pictures of all the buildings where previous killings took place !
 Two years ago , a scandal forced Nick Starkey -LRB- Kevin Kline -RRB- off the NYPD , but now the mayor wants him back to find a serial killer.This is a terrible movie with a ridiculous script . It 's a serious drama until the last ten minutes when it becomes low comedy complete with pratfalls and jokes . Kline phones in his performance ; he 's never convincing as the returning cop who 's expected to solve a case that the entire police force could n't crack in a year . Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio plays his supposed love interest but she 's annoying and there 's absolutely no chemistry between them . -LRB- On the plus side , she did marry the director . -RRB- Susan Sarandon bombs as a seductress and Alan Rickman looks like Maynard G. Krebs while Rod Steiger and Danny Aiello ham it up so much it 's embarrassing . Harvey Keitel just wanders around looking lost the whole time . What a colossal waste of talent.There is no suspense or romantic tension and certainly no hint of real police work , just a lot of good actors looking foolish in a bad movie . What a disappointment .
 The script on this is just awful . Kevin Kline is cute , but his character is too quirky ; Susan Sarandon is good but overplays some scenes with Rod Steiger and Harvey Keitel ; Keitel , Steiger and Danny Aiello seem to be having a contest about who can swear and rant the most . Alan Rickman is funny and sexy , but , sadly , that 's not enough to save the movie . The editor must have been doing drugs because it was so choppy . Still , I have sympathy for him/her because the story and dialogue stank.SPOILER ALERT : The low point of the film may have been when Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio and Kline get it on and she tells him she is 23 . He repeats it . Um ... sorry , no . The actress was 31 when she made this film , and although she 's attractive , she looks it . Lame .
 Histrionic performances and horrible soundtrack , 20 minutes into this bomb I was laughing . And this is supposed to be a thriller?Embarrassing , overwrought performance from Rod Steiger , camp goofiness from Alan Rickman , woodenness from Harvey Keitel and seemingly satiric Boy Scoutishness from Kevin Kline ... If you 're in the mood for a laugh , turn down the sound and do your own soundtrack to this incredibly lame flick .
 January Man is a film is a must see if you need to to update your film evaluation measurement scale . It is the absolute worst . You can then use it as a benchmark to reconsider other bad movies you may have seen.As I assume many others , I was attracted to the purchase based on the superstar cast . If one were to read the fine print , however , you could get a hint that something is wrong when you see that the film lasts 1 1/2 hours only . Unfortunately I did not read the fine print.This film is so absurd and bad that you truely need to wonder about the people who have posted the other reviews . Probably friends and family of the filmamaker .
 The sound is terrible . It is not a clear picture , faces almost unrecognizable . The music is a complete disaster.It is like this ... made in someones basement with a brownie box camera.Harriet Russ
 Do n't know if it 's Amazon or if it 's the production/distribution of WB , but this episode like edited versions of many other Prime Video Series -LRB- Pysch season 6 -RRB- . Is a major let down , before you purchase a series it should be divuldged that some episodes wo n't be allowed to download , or will only download the edited for t.v. versions , and then let you decide if you still want to purchase the series . I am very disappointed that I can not finish the Darkest , Before the Dawn -LRB- NOT AVAILABLE ?? -RRB- Two parter , but have been charged for the episode that follows . This is bogus , and not an issue solely found on Amazon , other streaming services I have also practice this underhanded policy . Two star rating is because the series is awesome .
 If I was granted super powers the first thing is to practice and master the skill as I grow older , not be a crybaby at every situation that comes up . and the story lines for each character is boring and a waist of time . More action and less talking is a tip for future episodes .
 It appears as if Amazon has stopped carrying the series . The newest episodes started airing in recent weeks . The first of those episodes appears in this list and yet is `` Not Available '' . I love this series but I am not a fan of Amazon dropping the series mid-way through . Its unacceptable .
 This was the worst movie and a waste of my time . I want my money back .
 My husband , my three year old , and I LOVED the first Garfield . I expected that this one might be as good because it had the same actors as in the first , but it was kind of dry and boring . We barely watched it once and never watched it again . I gave it two stars because I love Bill Murry .
 My family waited and waited for the release of the latest Garfield movie . We thoroughly enjoy the first , watching over and over . We popped this one in and fifteen minutes later were off doing other things . It just did n't capture our attention , even the children were n't impressed . The first one is top notch ... funny , original , etc. . This one was just too much of a stretch ... even for a movie about a talking kitty .
 Yes , I was very disappointed with the first Garfield movie , but I saw both movies for a reasonable price so I bought them . While I watched the first movie again , and my opinion had n't changed , I 'd heard good things about the second Garfield movie . Plus , it 's got Billy Connolly in it - where can you go wrong there?The one plus point about this movie is Breckin Meyer does n't appear very much . I like Breckin , but I just do n't think he 's the right actor to play Jon . It does n't match what I see in my head , or the cartoons . Neither does Odie , but do n't even get me started on that.The basic , simplistic plot line goes like this
 This was absolutely one of the worst movies ever made . Even my 10 year old daughter was looking for the exit about half way through . Do n't waste your time or your hard-earned money !
 OK - I can get over the fact that the cat can talk , etc. . But the idea that he has a British doppelganger is TOO MUCH ! Any true reader of the comics knows that there can be only ONE Garfield . I 've got nothing against British people , but a British Garfield just does n't make sense.Also , my friends left part way into the movie . We were having a Garfield marathon at my place and they did n't even stick around for Garfield themed mad-libs . I had to turn the movie off like 25 minutes into it -LRB- I do n't watch movies alone - DEPRESSING ! it 's like ` get a life jeff ! '' -RRB- . Anyway , I eventually did the mad-libs . Here 's a snippet -LRB- the words I filled in are in * asterisks * -RRB- : Garfield * jumped * to Odie and * screamed * , `` Odie , go look under the * microwave * , there is a treat made of * brussel sprouts * just for you ! '' Odie * barrel rolled * toward the treat with his panting * tooth * hanging out and immediately ate the * silly pants * treat . After he was through , he let out a * yodel * . Garfield ... and that 's as far as I got .
 Something happend with Garfield - A Tale of Two Kitties that has almost NEVER happened with a movie in our house . My kids -LRB- aged 7 and 5 -RRB- asked me to turn off the movie becuase they hated it so much . My daughter called it ` Stupid ' and my Son said ` it sucked ' . They both LOVED the first Garfiled , and they often will sit through films that are less than amazing -LRB- like The Pacifier and Shark Boy and Lava Girl -RRB- , but they hated this movie so much they asked to have it turned off .
 i usually like these kinds of movies . i enjoy the santa clause movies , finding nemo , ya know , kid targeted films . and this one started out with so much promise , but fell flat on its face when they tried to incorporate the story too much . Billy Connolly did the best he could with what he was given . but i got ta say myer and hewitt and even odie , yes , odie , should be left out altogether . UNLESS , they too are cgi . because here is the problem . for kids that are new to garfield , they probably wo n't care , but for kids like me -LRB- and i 'm 30 -RRB- , i grew up with garfield as my favorite comic strip . i watched the xmas special and i 'm used to everyone in the comic having that certain big eyed , cartoony look to them . here , all you have is garfield that resembles anything from the comic strip . odie , while being a cute dog , IS A REAL DOG ! ok , i have to go , so here 's my point
 What would you do on the eve of the planet 's destruction ? That is the question posited by Abel Ferrara 's `` 4:44 Last Day On Earth . '' The answer , it would seem , is to live it much like any other . I 'm a fan of Ferrara as a filmmaker , I find him refreshingly unpredictable . I 'm not sure , however , that `` 4:44 Last Day On Earth '' conveyed and/or made the most of its intriguing premise . While I appreciate that not every apocalyptic endeavor has to be big , bold , and melodramatic -- at times this felt so underplayed as to be virtually non-existent . While the concept and images advertising the movie may make it seem like a thriller -LRB- the word suspenseful is used in the description -RRB- , this is a slow burn contemplation in which not much happens . Luckily , Ferrera had the wherewithal to cast Willem Dafoe as his central protagonist . Dafoe , as usual , makes for interesting viewing . This seems like an incredibly personal work for Ferrera and the intimacy that Dafoe brings to his performance is never less than fascinating.The inconvenient truth of the situation is that Al Gore and his contemporaries were correct about their dire environmental predictions . Catastrophe , however , is way ahead of schedule and the end of the world has been pinpointed with precision . How ? Do n't ask . Despite the fact that it is supposedly the last day on earth -LRB- not everyone believes it , even though news broadcasts have ended due to the imminent game changer -RRB- , nothing seems too drastically different in Dafoe 's neighborhood . Traffic and pedestrians seem normal , stores and bars are open , you can order Chinese food . There is never a real sense of doom . Most of the movie is spent in one apartment with Dafoe and his girlfriend -LRB- Shanyn Leigh -RRB- dancing , using Skype , painting , making love , or just hanging out independently . Ferrera 's point , perhaps , is that life goes on even if there is n't much of it left . While an interesting notion from an intellectual perspective , it does n't necessarily make riveting entertainment.I do give `` 4:44 Last Day On Earth '' a marginal recommendation -LRB- mostly for the performances -RRB- for the arthouse crowd , I 'm not sure the film will have a universal appeal . At a mere 82 minutes , I kept wishing 4:44 in the morning would arrive sooner . The film has a pleasing grittiness and rawness , and I appreciated the use of actual news footage -LRB- constantly playing in the background -RRB- to make the apocalypse seem tangible . Once again , do n't think this is a thriller ! It is a stagnant character piece with minimal dialogue . I 'm not sure what I 'd do on my last night on earth , I can only hope it would be more interesting than what is presented here . Ferrera 's vision is filled with shopping , Chinese take-out , and karaoke . An interesting approach , to be sure , but not as compelling as I hoped . Watched it with a friend , he bailed at the 30 minute mark . KGHarris , 7/12 .
 I am very open minded when it comes to movies in general and indie films . And I am a huge Willam Dafoe fan as he is a great actor , but this movie was a tragic waste of time , space and MONEY . I ca n't believe I paid $ 6.99 to watch this terrible movie ! The script was terrible , character development poor , acting okay and there were NO special effects for an end of war movie . Throughout this film , I could not help that this was a political -LRB- global warming , save the planet -RRB- infomercial.That said , save your time and money on this one ... not worth watching !
 I find most apocalyptic films quite interesting . I also like watching Indie films . This one , however , is a real stinker . The world is ending due to the hole in the ozone - `` like Al Gore predicted '' . This is mentioned over and over.The opening love scene was drawn out for far too long and was completely boring . I know they were shooting for a romantic , this-is-the-end-of-the-world-let 's - make-love scene ... but it simply did n't work.The sound of vehicles passing by thoughout the entire movie will have you looking out your window for unexpected visitors.Apparently Skype is still around when the end of the world happens and everyone is using it.The only believable `` apocalyptic scene '' is when a guy gives up and jumps off a balcony . The rest seems to be people doing normal daily stuff .
 I love William Dafoe so I thought it could not be that bad , I was wrong . . Please do not waste either your money or your time on this movie !
 Where should I begin ? The trailer was good , so I bought the movie . It was a big mistake . Although there are some good actors in this movie , they do not rise above the poor script . There is a lack of continuity as this story moves along . This is without a doubt the worst doomsday movie I have ever watched . Save your money . You will not like this movie .
 YES , Joseph Campbell is SPINNING in his grave with shame even if he was cremated ! Shame on you Al Gore , Charlie Rose and NY1 dude for collaborating on this sham of a film . Shame on you Willem Dafoe ! Mississippi Burning ? Really ?? Wow , this movie was so god awful and meaningless , that I had to jump online and say so . I 've never been compelled to write anything about a movie but today I had to , I just had to . I usually love me a good apocolyptic movie and when I saw the synopsis on this one , I thought fun , lets give it a try . WRONG . I am no scientist , but even the end result does n't seem right from lack of Ozone . An explosion ? Do n't think so . The result of that would be to have radiation seep through our atmosphere and kill all life little by little as they burn from UV rays or die from cancer . Cave dwellers could hang around though and maybe watch this movie when they need a good laugh .
 A newscaster telling people to just be with their loved ones because it was all going to end - the scene is rather haunting in its own right . There is a sense of despair and giving up as everything is gone . That 's a great moment but it 's unearned . It 's unearned because it is coming in the middle of a movie full of these non-action moments that are supposed to be haunting and mysterious but ultimately just prove dull and uninspired . Whether Willem Dafoe is going on the roof and yelling at people or they are ordering Chinese food , nothing is really happening in this things.If these moments were part of an overall story , great . But they are simply scenes from boring people in a nice apartment sitting around and waiting for things to end.Never has a movie depicted characters that are so in tune with the audience .
 I did n't believe the 2 stars and actually paid $ $ to watch this.It was awful . The ending was horrible.So disappointed.Wait for this to be a part of the free prime or better yet ... go watch something else.LOL
 If , and I do mean if , you advance to one hour and ten minutes , for a few minutes , this movie is almost interesting but that is it .
 I like original or Avant-Garde movies , but this one was just self indulgent drivel . It stinks of the existential angst of some aging-baby-boomer-hippie-poser .
 Pretentious . Irritating . Annoying . Uninteresting . What more could I write about a movie that was a complete waste of time , even though I fast forwarded it to the near end just so it would be the end of this bad , bad , movie . Do n't waste your money or time . Al Gore ? Give me a break ! Zero stars ! 0000000000
 A true picture of most of the percentage of the world that lives with no hope . So glad that the One that truly holds the Universe together is the one in control , not Al Gore and exestentialist filmakers . Willem Dafoe is one of my favorite actors , but ...
 This was the worst movie my husband and I have seen in years ! Just horrible . Not professionaly done at all . The acting stunk , the audio stunk . The whole thing stunk ! Do n't waste your time with this one . Only Al Gore will like this movie ... His so called `` global warming '' is was what caused the end of the world to come about ! What a bunch of crap !
 I agree with all the negative reviews . Wish I had read them before I rented it . I was bored . Willem Dafoe , Okay I 'll give it a shot.Wrong ! Spent most of the movie jumping ahead . Like other reviewers , I could n't wait for the world to end .
 $ 14.99 for a video you can watch for free on YouTube From muppetstudios ? Am I missing something ? I love the muppets but this pricing is stupid .
 This movie I found just kept going on and on . Also , I think they should re-cast their actors/actresses . Once I almost found my self falling asleep , this movie is not for children . But its not for adults either because this movie is TERRIBLE ! Though , if you really like crime you might want to watch this movie
 After watching Amanda Peet steal the show in `` The Whole Nine Yards , '' I could n't wait to see `` Whipped '' in the theater . What a huge disappointment . This is a truly horrible movie . It was n't funny or well-written ; I was very bored . -LRB- If you liked the equally awful `` American Pie , '' then maybe you 'll like this . The two seem to use the same approach to comedy ... relying entirely on being sexually offensive to make people laugh . Apparently , some people enjoy that , or AP would n't have been the huge success it was . If you 're one of them , this is the movie for you . If not ... run away from this one as fast as you can . -RRB-
 Every Sunday , a trio of buds get together at a NYC diner to boast about their sexual conquests of the night before . Sometimes they 're joined by a newlywed ex-comrade and hoochie hunter who hangs on them like a puling barnacle . They 're unabashed horn dogs and corn dogs and Mia , who witnesses them on the prowl , decides that they need to be taught a lesson , dammit . So she 'll date and dump - why not ? All of them!Gasp . What a wild idea . What a radical , naughty gal . Women now have the right to date and sleep around as much as they want to . As much as men do , even ! Honey , we got the message . We read `` Maxim '' and `` Cosmo '' too , okay?There is one solitary laughable element in `` Whipped '' . Namely the fact that not once , during the amigo 's detailed discussions of their bodily functions and the oral talents of the bed partners they trash , do the other customers in the diner turn around and say , `` Dude , we 're trying to EAT here . `` To see quality gross-out humor , try a classic like `` Blazing Saddles '' . To see love-rat buddies hanging out , slagging and bragging on their women as they eat and imbibe , rent `` Swingers '' . Priceless bits
 SynopsisBrad , Zeke and Jonathan along with their adulterous married friend Eric sleep around brazenly until they meet the cute and sexy Mia -LRB- Amanda Pete -RRB- . As each of the men seeks her affections -LRB- her carnal ones -RRB- , they suddenly become aware that she has been dating all of them at once . It becomes a battle to decide which guy will get her in the end , and a question of whether their friendships can survive the inevitable climactic decision she makes.About the Movie : It amazes me sometimes at what studios and directors think makes for great entertainment . Writer/Director Peter Cohen proves the stereotype of men that he 's trying to play on in this movie just by the mere fact that he made it . He seems to try to say that women can be a lot like men in their philandering and mind games , but he clearly misses the irony of the whole situation . It says a whole lot about his OWN character in that he made a movie that only hornball men would ever want to watch.Whipped represents what has become standard with many Gen-X comedies these days , unoriginal sexual romps filled with disgusting toilet humor , gross sexual gags -LRB- Gagging being the operative word here -RRB- , constant swearing and attractive women without their clothes on -LRB- but without the nudity ... -RRB- . While , I can find that last thing appealing , it 's the rest that completely turned me off of this movie.This movie deliberately tries to be disgusting and shameless , and it succeeds easily , while at the same time , undoubtedly turning off a good portion of its audience . Not that it would matter to the director , whose characters brazenly talk about gross sexual acts in public places without turning a single head . He also seems to think -LRB- based on the synopsis on the back cover -RRB- that his disgusting male characters are `` typical males . '' Obviously , he considers people like me as `` abnormal '' and `` big prudes '' in that I DO N'T do and talk about those things.But honestly , what makes any of this stuff funny ? Why would a man sticking his arm into a toilet filled with urine to retrieve something he dropped into it be considered funny ? Why would I think characters discussing their gross bodily function sex experiences were funny ? Why would a man cheating on his spouse be funny?It 's not funny and it really is in incredibly poor taste . But matters like `` Taste '' obviously do n't matter these days , in a time where the lowest common denominator has become the goal to strive for . Indeed , this movie is eagerly following the gross-out trend set by movies like American Pie.But honestly , in terms of pure sexual comedy , there are quite a few films that manage to be funnier without the gross-out factor and the complete and total disregard for taste.And taste is only half of it . In real life , men like these very quickly end up with sexually transmitted diseases -LRB- like AIDS , which is killing tens of millions all over the world , as you read this -RRB- . And like many movies , the director seems to think that all that irresponsible and dangerous sexual activity is all right , just so long as you mention the word `` condom '' at least once.As for the movie itself ? This is a forgettable one . Many of the comic gags pulled in this film are worn out overused clich&eacute;s that have been used a thousand times before . The screenplay itself is not that well written , and while some of the actors do a moderately decent job -LRB- Amanda Peet being one -RRB- , many of the performances come off as weak and over the top . The incessant swearing of the actors -LRB- that the director mistakenly seems to equate with `` realism '' -RRB- does n't help any.Then there 's the story itself , of a women putting it over on philandering men ... It 's been done many times before , often in far better films than this one.Honestly ? This movie is n't worth the time of most viewers . Of course , if the viewer happens to like gross bathroom and sex humor , then this movie may just be for them after all.About the DVD : Whipped comes in a plastic hard case on a double sided DVD with both fullscreen and widescreen versions in Dolby Digital 5.1 sound . It has not been translated into any other languages besides its original English , though it does contain English , French and Spanish subtitles . Both the video and audio transfer appear to be very good . Even on a high resolution screen , the video had only a little grain and few artifacts.As far as special features , this DVD contains the theatrical trailers and a director 's commentary . I honestly did n't have the desire to watch the movie again , so I ca n't say whether or not the commentary is worth the time to listen to.Bottom Line
 Amanda Pete is sexy and there was a bit of nudity , but otherwise this film did nothing for me . A bunch of guys who get together once a week and talk about their conquests ? I ca n't even relate . And they 're trying to convince me that women are just as ruthless in their hornyness ? Yeah right ! See it if you 're a big fan of fart jokes , or whatever ...
 This is such a cheap movie . Its basically about three main guy friends , and their pathetic relationship with the same woman . She plays them for fools and when they find out that their all dating the same woman they resentfully agree to still date her at the same time ... She basically uses them and they use women , etc. . Its a stupid movie and I would never reccomend it to anyone ! I was quite happy when in the end they broke up their friendship because they were dating the same woman . They deserved it , however she also deserved to be punished for what she did!I mean how can you use people like that ? Regardless of who they are , men or women it does n't matter . Its too disrespectful and should be avoided and cheap junk hollywood content with innuendon , profanity , and etc. . . Avoid !
 Brad , Zeke , Jonathan , and Eric are friends that meet every Sunday and discuss their sexual encounters . Brad is the smooth talking Wall Street guy -LRB- the BIGGEST LOSER in the bunch -RRB- , Zeke is the tough writer -LRB- almost as big a loser as Brad -RRB- , Jonathan the shy , bad with women , artisy type -LRB- the only charcater in the film that is half-way normal , except for the Karma Chameleon scene -RRB- , and Eric the married guy , who is living his fantasies through his three friends.As these three casanova 's try to bed everything they come into contact with , they meet Mia -LRB- the awesome Amanda Peet -RRB- , a young , single NY woman who happens to be attracted to each of the guys.Unknowingly , all three friends have begun dating Mia , each thinking that they have found the woman they could settle down with , but when they realize they all are seeing the same woman , they wage an ALL OUT WAR to win the heart of Mia , but are they prepared for the outcome ? Who will Mia choose ? `` Whipped '' is not a good movie.Now , on to the only good stuff in the movie ... Amanda Peet , she is funny , sexy , and although , this part is not as good as her scene stealing turn in `` The Whole Nine Yards '' , she does give the movie 's best performance.If you have nothing else to watch , or if you just want to see Amanda Peet , then rent this , for any other other reason you would be wasting your time and money.Nick Gonnella
 Possibly the worst movie ever made . I do n't think I 've seen anything this bad since I saw a body pulled out the river when I was 10 . If you happened to like this movie , you are ... . The critics were right on this one . Yuck !
 this movie is the worst movie I have ever seen !!! It does n't even deserve a one-star rating . it looked cute/funny in the trailer , but it was the biggest waste of money ever ! the biggest mistake on the part of the actors in this film was even to agree to act in this horribly written , boring , cliched piece of crud . Instead , they should 've read the script and run screaming in the other direction . I would 've . Oh well .
 pathetic and sad . terrible production value . not even so bad it 's good , like a showgirls . just plain ... painful . please do n't watch it . i beseech you .
 I saw this movie when it came out in the theater and although that was a number of years ago -LRB- year 2000 maybe -RRB- and I do n't at all remember the plot or the specifics , what I do remember very well was sitting in the theater and almost walking out before it was even over . The ONLY reason we stayed was that our daughter was in an adjacent theater watching another movie so we could n't leave the theater and would have ended up standing around in the lobby for an hour waiting for her movie to end.It was moronic and basically just plain stupid ... nuff said since I think you 'll get the idea I 'm trying to give you here .
 I suppose this film gets one star for putting the shoe on the other foot and letting the famale character be the manipulator ... but other than that , not much to it ! I love Amanda Peet and was excited to see this , and while she does a decent job , the film is just silly and trite . And sorry to disagree with the other reviewer from Denver who compared it to Sex and the City ... but I know Sex and the City and this is no Sex and the City ! Sex and the City is not only trendy and fun , but intellegent and insightful . There is nothing intellegent about this film and nothing insightful about these characters . -LRB- And if there were no such thing as anti-gay slurs and slang terms , this writer would have had trouble getting much of a script together at all ! -RRB- If you want to see empowered women or get some insight into today 's dating scene , get Sex and the City !
 I do n't usually give one-star reviews ... this is the first and probably only time I will do so . I saw this `` film '' when it came out , at the theater , and the anger and disgust I felt toward it at the time has not gone away -LRB- if anything , it 's only increased -RRB- , and so I feel compelled to write this review , even though it 's a number of years later , and vent some of my outrage.Let me start by saying that most bad movies are bad because , for whatever reason , they just do n't work , and they 're either boring or simply not funny . Off the top of my head , I can think of several films made by ex-SNL cast members which fit in this category . Those type of films I can excuse . They are what they are , and they generally do n't aim very high to begin with.This , though , is something else entirely . This is a movie that aims to be more than a mere gross-out comedy . It aims for a kind of social commentary , and to say something meaningful about men , about women , about the way they relate to one another , etc etc. . The only problem is , it does n't know what to say , or how to say it , and so it fails miserably , both as social commentary and as entertainment.The main male characters are repellant , obnoxious , truly hateful people , and I would not want to know , be around , or have anything to do with any of them . There 's no reason why any one else with any class or intelligence , male or female , would either , despite what the filmmakers would want us to believe . The `` dialogue '' is crude , simplistic , and painfully unfunny , and it is downright unpleasant to hear . And yet , at the same time , it 's implied that these are witty , urbane , intelligent adults , and that despite their smugness , crudeness , and narcissism , we 're supposed to identify with and even like them . Ha ! Nothing could be more preposterous ... except maybe the so-called plot twist at the end.I could go on , but I wo n't , except to say that this is a bad movie on every level , and without exaggeration , one of the worst I 've ever seen .
 If I ever make a list of the worst movies I 've seen in my life , Whipped will certainly be in the top -LRB- bottom ? -RRB- five . Amanda Peet must have been in desperate need of money to agree to participate in this annoying , idiotic and witless movie.The only thing worse than the screenplay are the male actors . Granted , they are not given much to play with , since their characters are such stereotypes they might as well be cardboard cutouts -LRB- the geek , the player , the boring married guy -RRB- but still , I have rarely seen such terrible and unappealing performances on the screen.As for writer-director Jonathan Abrahams , what can I say ? If this guy managed studio executives to finance and distribute this movie , he could probably sell snow to Alaskans . Abrahams should be in sales , not in movies .
 The fact that this movie has received a positive response here is disturbing . It is painfully , migraine-inducingly bad . It contains the intelligence of a toaster , and the creativity of a pile of shoes . Anyone who claims it to be a ` realistic ' or ` satirical ' portrait of anything resembling real life has , like this movie , no actual connection to the real world . This insipid piece of swill is alternately crude , nauseating , boring , humorless , and highly , thoroughly unoriginal . For your own safety , please stay away .
 Contains four black & white episodes
 This volume contains the following four black & white episodes
 This is not really that worth it in my opinion . If you have been printing for any amount of time , there is n't much you should n't already know in here . The tagging section is very brief . More of a sales pitch than anything else IMO .
 and then they tell you they do n't typically refund digital orders as if it 's somehow my fault I selected an episode I was willing to pay only for something else to play . They did provide credit but be aware they are clearly in no rush to correct the issue that others will clearly experience until they do !
 Instead of putting together a definitive objective history , Wilkman has assembled clips of his FavoriteMovieStars , with deliberate suspicious omissions . It 's like something a star-struck 13 year old would produce ; like he used this opportunity to satisfy childish personal vendettas by deliberately ignoring these artists . What 's left is cursory and merely OK . Too bad ...
 This was a terrible movie . It started off with a feeling of suspense that never had a break . The sound/music designer should have been held back - this movie would have been better had some scenes not been underscored at all . We got bored with the constant Danika episodes that never moved the story along . Various potential plot elements -LRB- a missing girl , a schoolteacher -RRB- were introduced but turned out to have no relevance to the eventual end of the movie . I recommend Jacob 's Ladder instead .
 This is the worst movie I have seen all year . It was hard to follow what was happening - you could n't tell what was real or not . The movie made no sense . Total waste of time to watch - it will leave you total confused in the end . Nothing was real .
 This movie starts out so , so and then nothing happens except delusions on the part of Danika -LRB- Marisa T. -RRB- Some reviewers say the ending was an excellent surprise ... I must be really dense because I did n't get it . Sorry I bought the DVD .
 First let me say that I 'm a big fan of Marisa Tomei , since Mona Lisa Vito captured my heart , as well as a fan of horror & thrillers . This was the reason for my purchase of this DVD , goaded by the 4 stars , and positive reviews of my fellow Amazonians . That is why I say , shame on you!I watched the film for about 35 minutes , patiently - bloody painfully - waiting for something to happen . Anything to happen . Nothing but disjointed and disconnected scenes washed over the screen , one after the other , yet there was never a story developing.Studies on film of the defragmenting of a character 's mind abound , but you have to draw the audience in at some point and give the story direction , even in the randomness of seeming insanity . Its failure to pull the pieces together , as well as the unappealing promise to continue to fail until the conclusion , is why I turned it off , and why , I think , I 've never heard of this film.Avoid it like the plague . Marisa Tomei usually takes over any scene she is in by force of will , but here , she is oddly out of place . I think they got her on board because no one else of note would allow the strike mark on their career .
 The storyline had a lot of potential , but the script and acting left something to be desired . Not much of a grabber and it was kind of slow . The ending was n't as good as it could have been - almost like , a little suspense - then flop , there it is .
 Disclaimer
 My normal method for coercing myself to sleep when I have a headache is to watch a bad movie , then write a bad review , then hopefully be exhausted enough to drift off to dreamland . Enter the Wrath of the Titans . As it turned out , I did n't have to write a bad review in order to fall asleep
 Why did n't Hollywood learn from `` Clash '' ? It was awful and so was this one . I 'm not referring to the 80s stop-motion classic BTW .
 Never mind that this movie takes mythology and twists it around until it is unrecognizable , the CGI effects and the noisy soundtrack seem tailor-made for adolescent boys who just want to see things blow up . When the characters hit each other it sounds like a car hitting a wall . Childish , stupid and embarassing . And the acting ? Do n't ask .
 After the remake of the first movie , I was expecting a little more from this sequel.I mean , really , with the power of 3-D creation available today , why make a creature such as the `` hydra '' so ugly in this movie?Killing off the girl before the sequel even starts ? What the hell ?!? I paid to see this in a theater , and viewing it once was more then enough.This one is a RENTAL at best ...
 Save your money and time on this one , it is the worse movie I 've seen in many years of watching movies and I 've seen a lot of movies , I 'm not even going to describe it because is not worth it , take my advise .
 This wo n't be a pleasant review for Wrath of the Titans . First , I had my misgivings about the movies before I decide to see it ; I should have heed my inner voice . The first Titan movie -- and I do n't mean the exceptional 1981 version -- was barely palatable , considering its 1981 's basic storyline -- which they screwed up -- managed to barely get a pass from me . A lousy pass , I might say . The current Titan version stinks . In the film , Perseus appeared dumb-struck , bordering on imbecilic . Perseus spoke like he 's still on a two week drinking binge . Unintelligible . But I would n't think of dumping Perseus this inflection alone ; the majority of rough and tumble heroes of the action movies , in past 10 years , have lost all scope and coherence . The special effects , somewhat impressive , also failed . Every scene , every moment the monsters appeared , along with the environment , appeared dirty and grungy , as if the ancient and magical Mediterranean world was unfit for `` proper '' civilization . Well , let me tell you something
 wow that was so bad . I hated the 8 mins i saw more then words can discribe . I dont even want the 8 mins of my life back . I 'd rather just forget that happened .
 This is $ 7 more than the DVD for BluRay and Ultraviolet streaming . Not worth it . You ca n't watch ultraviolet on a plane on an iPad . I do n't buy discs with Ultraviolet anymore . I would have bought this one if it came with DigitalCopy , but I 'll just same my money and get the DVD instead .
 I thought paying extra for HD would be worth it , but it was not . The show was so pixelated it was awful to watch . Netflix shows better , without HD or the extra cost .
 Badly put together , just like the original . A movie with a bunch of great actors saying corny dialogue amidst expensive special effects . Loved the final battle with the rock demon , though .
 this should be label as a cartoon and not the real movie , i really got sucker into this one , i was really disaapointed when i went to my mail box and found this in it , after looking at it i am now trying to sell to any one who want to pay what i did.i have order alot from amazon -LCB- somewhere about 30 or 40 times aready -RCB- this is the first time i feel let down and did n't get what i paid for , for me this is n't worth a star rating.i did n't understand nothing i was watching.got to give this a rating , but i just want you to know that i don ; t mean this rating , it just something i got do to get my review to you
 After The Clash of the Titans , this fell into the Sequell curse . I loved the first one , which killed the second one .
 regret we bought this . Got it for thanksgiving day sale and it sucks ... guess we will just think twice and read reviews before purchasing next year !
 When I was younger , I used to read about Greek and Norse mythology and watch as many movies about these mythological heroes as possible , from Steve Reeves as Hercules , Kirk Douglas as Ulysses to Jason and the Argonauts . Wrath of the Titans is painfully bad , largely because of screenplay , editing and dialogue . It 's basically a movie for children who do n't know any better .
 I hope they stop trying to make these movies because this and clash of the titans have n't come close to the original . This movie was flat out horrible
 the movie was streamed through amazon instant video , it was a little hurky jerky but good none the less . However , the movie itself was pathetic . some of the special effects were good , but nothing mind blowing and the product itself was lacking . I was sorry i was so excited to see it ...
 Nothing wrong with the disk , seller is good . But the movie itself is bad and actors didnt help to make you enjoy the movie
 ... that 's how bad it was . Special effects sucked , story was n't any good and even Sam Worthington could n't save this movie from drowning .
 I was excited to watch this on Blu-ray . We enjoyed the movie but it does not have the same quality as other blue-rays . The packaging was normal but the disk it white . It plays pixelated with the colors distorted the way a DVD would play on HD TV .
 This movie just proves that some people will watch anything ... just throw a lot of bright colors , movement , and loud noises together and watch the money roll-in ! The reason Hollywood keeps putting out utter garbage like this is because we keep paying to see it . I really have to stop letting my friends drag me to watch this visual vomit .
 The bottomline is that if you want some background noise while you are relaxing for the day , this is the movie . If you want something that will keep your attention and produce riveting action -- do n't spend money on this.I have to admit that this was pretty bad ... but this is indicative of many 21st Century movies I have seen at this point -- no distinguished plot , actors -LRB- despite fame -RRB- , and leaves you unfufilled when seeking a great flick . This movie can best be likened to a bad hangover morning-you kinda sleep it out . It took me 2 nights to watch this movie and I fell asleep before the first hour of it . I think maybe it was due to the immense amount of near-whisper lines that the characters had.To it 's credit , the graphics are pretty decent CGI animation , but you can tell that the intense details of a great CGI just are n't there-maybe it was budget constraints after wasting money on great actors so that they could fall out of glory from this movie.In regards to ` sticking to the story of greek mythology ' , well that 's a whopping F. . . but then again people are making movies like Abe Lincoln
 I was looking to rent the live action movie &#34; Wrath of the Titans &#34; starring Sam Worthington that was in the movie theaters in 3D on Amazon.com , and I accidentally picked this movie , which is a very cheaply made animated version.Since the titles of both movies are exactly the same , they both come up using the Amazon search engine , and it is easy to rent the wrong one.This movie should be listed as &#34; Wrath of the Titans
 This was supposed to be a sequel worth watching but it was sooooooo BORING !! It is because i love Greek Mythology that I gave this movie 2 stars and not one : -LRB-
 This movie was made . The writers were paid , crews were hired ... . actors were hired . Good actors . Good actors who must 've gotten caught up in some studio contract a long time ago and could n't say no . But yeah , this happened . This is one of the worst movies I 've ever see . It 's all over the place . Nothing tracks or makes sense ... it 's just a studio produced story . A complete waste of time , including everyone who worked on it and probably got paid .
 This movie was a real waste of my life , and money . I could n't believe Liam Neeson needed money bad enough that he would be seen in this movie . The computer graphics were pretty much most of the movie and stunk in my opinion . I wish I had not gone with my friends to see it but peer pressure got the best of me . If you have nothing better to do with your time and money , and really like this stuff , go ahead and try it , but do n't expect much .
 To say that Wrath of the Titans is marginally better than Clash of the Titans is like saying your glass of water is n't as wet , if anything it 's the density of the cup it 's in it . I might have liked Wrath slightly more since I was n't expecting to like it any less . I thought a Clash of the Titans redux would have actually been pretty good since the original was no great shakes of a movie to begin with , it was badly written and had hopelessly out of date effects in it 's day , it never occurred to me that a remake could actually be worst.This sequel picks up a decade or so later with the gods all butt hurt because mankind has stop praying to them . So Zeus -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- gets himself kidnapped by his spiteful brother Hades -LRB- Ralph Fiennes -RRB- and his ungrateful son Aries -LRB- Edgar Ramirez -RRB- . So in a reversal from his Taken role Liam needs his son , Peruses -LRB- Sam Worthington -RRB- to lead a rescue mission and save his divine derriere.In what looks like a big budgeted Syfy channel movie , Wrath boasts good looking special effects that manage to remain unengaging and a story that is horribly dull and covers only the most familiar of ground . A few things did cross my mind while watching this movie , first I want to know how is it that the makers can get such talented actors to deliver such unspeakable dialogue with such earnesty . The other is that Rosumund Pike is very beautiful even when covered in dirt , she 's also not a bad actress , I wonder why real stardom has remained aloof to her.Told in a completely straight manner , this movie never has any fun with it 's silly premise . It takes it 's self far too seriously . At least the wonderful Bill Nighy has a few good moments as Hephaestus , he gets to mock the `` release the Kraken '' line , talk about seducing a mermaid and has a moment reminisce of the Black Knight from Monty Python and the Holy Grail.At least the 3-D effects are an improvement over the last time , at least I assume so , I did n't actually see it in the third dimension , but unlike it 's predecessor it was filmed in 3-D . I 'm glad that I did not see it in such as I probably would have hurt myself trying to pull off the ridicules cobwebs masquerading as facial hair on Neeson.If you liked the first movie , you might like this one . If you like Greek mythology , good movies or entertainment , then I would suggest passing this one over . Worth a few laughs , but awful lugubrious getting there.Check out my reviews at moviezonemagazine.com
 Ca n't believe I spent my hard earned money on this movie ... I wish I could see the manager and ask for my money back !!! Only saving grace is the popcorn and soda I had watching it did n't cost me $ 20 . Spend your money on the Dollar Menu at your local fast food joint ... it will be a much better buy !
 This movie creators just wanted to add a second movie to the first one , just because . It was n't a good idea at all ! They totally bombed on this one!The first one `` Clash of the Titans '' was good and well-made , but this one had a fading plot , HORRIBLE acting , and a never ending story.They should have just ended the first one the way it was and not have added a second one like this , because it was a waste of money , time , and just energy of everyone who helped make it and everyone watching it .
 I love the movie the 2 stars is due to yet again another terrible UltraViolet that can not be imported into my Itunes Movie Library . Wow I can stream it ... sorry all but again the movie was amazing and I also loved the first and hope their is a 3rd . But when you sell a digital copy 95 % of the customers want it for their apple products so let 's stop trying to make these digital copies that do n't do what customers want . Digital Copy = Itunes
 I hate to say this , but this movie was a train wreck . There was no real transition 's between scenes , the action was all over the place , the dialog could have been better and the acting was very well done for what they were giving to work with . I would rate this a D Movie . I am sadden as well to say that I hope that , the sequal to
 Liam Neeson , Ralph Fiennes , Bill Nighy , and even Toby Kebbel are all wonderful actors . I dont think many will disagree with that statement . Sam Worthington is just about useless as an actor ... unfortunately i may be alone in that thought . Not that Sam specifically is to blame for this putrid puddle of bile . For those unfamiliar with the story ... go to google and look it up . For those who are , you have my sympathy for sitting through this garbage . Not a coherent or even interesting plot in the what seemed like forever that it took to conclude it . The writer needs to have his keyboard taken the hell away from him immediately , the director needs to be shot -LRB- in the leg ... not condoning murder -RRB- , and the entire class needs to be slapped and have their union cards suspended till they get to the nearest theater/acting class they can find.Its like all the worst things about the fast and the furious were taken and molded into greek mythology . Please consider that before you waste precious and beautiful life on this crap .
 loved the original clash of the titans - hated the remake . still , i had high hopes for this movie . special effects were good but the story dragged and was bland at best . very disappointed .
 absolute crap . The animation is not old school its just down right clumsy . The story line is weak . I had to watch it over several sittings to get through it . And if you want bad audio this is definitely for you .
 Not sure why Disney released this movie so quickly after the first one . I really enjoyed the first installment a couple of years ago ... great storyline and special effects . This movie , though , is terribly uncohesive and confuses one quite easily with about 87 different subplots . Yes , the special effects still rock , but the plot is as thin as paper . It 's terrible ! Rent this one only if you love computer graphics and care nothing about storyline . I actually felt a bit sorry for the actors here as they definitely deserved something better .
 Since I knew the director is Jonathan Liebesman -LRB- Battle
 I loved this movie . However ... they will not sell THE NORMAL DIGITAL COPY . CA N'T EVEN RENT IT . -LRB- This reminds me of an old saying
 First let me say that I am rarely one to complain about an old movie , even a classic movie , getting a modern day makeover . I see negative reviews of remakes based alone on the feeling that some movies are sacred and should never be messed with . I say if you can take a classic and make it even better , then by all means have at it . The 2010 version ofClash of the Titansfailed at making the 1981 version better and the 2012 Wrath sequel did n't come close to redeeming the 2010 debacle.I was actually encouraged when I saw thatBattle
 I am a great fan of Greek mythology , but the second movie in this series , like the first , is not great . Given the special effects and the writers available today , it 's truly sad that the producers could n't come up with a better story .
 To much hype for an overall not well put together movie ! 1 star if any ! I 'm glad I did n't see it at the movies
 Not as fun as the first one , many `` why did they do that ? '' moments . While the effects are mostly great -LRB- kind of iffy on the cyclops -RRB- , the acting is not there , a talented cast is wasted , teams are just thrown together , and what could be mindless popcorn entertainment just seems a waste .
 I thought that it would be more about the titans . Instead , it 's some suped up love story , with a few graphics thrown in for good measure . Do n't waste your time or money on this one !
 Terrible sequel . It was almost like the actors did n't feel like acting . Some of the action and special effects were okay but I was disappointed overall . I 'm struggling to remember one thing that I did like ... and I can not . I hope they do n't bother with another one .
 Though I did enjoy much of the action and the general look of the film , I was constantly telling myself `` it 's just a movie . '' Each time the story altered the mythology for the movie 's sake was a distraction ... and it was often . I 'm accustomed to the practice of combining characters and events to shorten a story to fit into a film 's time frame . But , this film -LRB- and it 's sequel -RRB- went beyond saving time . They could n't even get Pegasus right . Perhaps they should have taken a look at the Harry Hamlin film as a reference . Pegasus is the name of a single flying horse , not a type of animal . The writers must have been D&D players who also did n't know the difference . Next time I want to watch the story I 'll watch the 1981 version . It 's fun with fewer distractions .
 If all you 've ever had as a toy growing up was mass produced plastic then you 're excused for not wanting uniqueness , individuality , personality in your entertainment toys - not your fault.Yes , the packaging was spectacular , i.e. the CGI . Except that the moving labyrinth was borrowed from Tomb Raider . The burning , fire-ash look , in people and other worldly critters has been around for a decade and is getting old . The CGI craggy canyons , caverns and rock walkways , also heavily borrowed , is becoming a CGI crutch.The story lacked soul ; just superficial and bland . Usual , not-creative & stereotypic , gods against gods with humans as pawn.The acting from the first moments had that stand still and RECITE , monotonically , some dialogue that sounded like a mix of middle English and 21st century urban slang . Even the side-to-side head shaking gestures meant to convey some emotion like frustration seemed mechanical and rehearsed . At a point near the beginning an unscripted editing missed Pike -LRB- Andromeda -RRB- as we see her rolling her eyes in disbelief at what was being said . Neeson , like Willis , must be coasting for paychecks because he 's put out a few of these rutted robotic performances recently . Worthington is getting there .
 I was terribly disappointed , shocked in fact that this sequel with its star cast could be so awful . Thrilled I did n't go see this at the theater , I would have been steaming upset . It 's not worth the current price to pay on Amazon either , wait till it 's free . At least you wo n't be upset with yourself that you spent money on this , just be upset that you bothered to waste your time . Oh well , you 've been warned .
 A bombastic , 3-D fantasy sequel like this can normally be expected to have a throwaway script favoring computer animation and motion-capture creatures , but this takes lifeless moviemaking to new lows . Did the first movie even generate enough boxoffice to greenlight this kind of rehash project ? The single-daddy demigod bit is laughable from the get go , but there 's plenty of body-slamming action and noise pollution to keep you from nodding off . Worthington has n't the presence to carry a peplum potboiler like this , while Neeson , Fiennes and Nighy are compellingly wasted . The muzak sounds like judgement day .
 I must say I was extremely disappointed with the is movie , it was , at best B grade and poorly acted with a wishy washy story line , no more Titan sequels for me !
 The citizens of ancient Greece spoke with a mish mash of Australian , Cockney , and english accents apparently . i know this was probably going to be trouble when in interviews the star went on and on about how he was allowed to grow his hair out for the role . No one really mentioned story or characterization in six pages of interviews . So I went in expecting a thin story and a fun ride . little did I know it was a ride to Hades by way of the river Crap . They somehow managed to make a thinner story than they did in the Clash of the Titans remake . It feels less story and more like a rough draft of the first story outline .
 Dude i rated this 1 star . 1st of all you sent Blu-Ray Case but obviously the disc wasnt Blu-Ray . It was a straight up DVD and not only that but you could see the recording . I know Im all late telling you this , but i just wanted to let you know dude . By the way the you could tell the title of the disc was imprinted on it cause you can even scratch it off
 I downloaded in the US to watch after a flight over to Germany . I missed the 48 hour time limit I guess , it did n't work .1 star because it would n't play , I hear it 's good .
 little needs to be said here ! Crappy movie!Poorly written ! Waste of time ! Excuse for people to waste money!Do not rent!Money flushed away!Not much more time should be wasted reviewing this bad movie !
 yes why i feel this way movie i have dose not work yes i got incontact with the seller and he sent m another copy with the same problem like really whats realy good waiting and seeing what happen next
 this movie is not expected to great since the last one was not well made . So if you like movies of people walking around in 3-D -LRB- sounds awesome i know right ... -RRB- then get it .
 Save your money , I even bought in HD bad quality . So sad 3 great actors in this movie . I fell asleep not enough times for this movie to end .
 The special effects were great - too bad about the story . As it stands , this movie is all glitz and no real substance .
 We love Liam , but as much as the family wanted to enjoy this movie , it was just lacking ... something -LRB- we all agreed -RRB- . Because it is Part II to Clash of the Titans , most of you will eventually watch it out of dedication . If for nothing else your OCD will get the better of you as if it were unfinished business . All I can say is , do n't say I did n't warn you . Personally I 'd wait until it is released on cable .
 I would rather be kicked in the balls for two hours than watch this movie again . The first one was ten times better and that sucked too .
 Warning ! I bought the combo pack . The DVD has a copy-protection called `` Cinavia '' which renders it unplayable on my Sony Blu-Ray player . Thus , buying the DVD of this or any movie with `` Cinavia '' is a waste of money . I can play the DVD on another , older DVD player , but apparently some Blu-Ray machines , plus PS3 machines will not play these Cinavia movies . There is no way to know if your Blu-Ray player will play a Cinavia-protected movie until you shell out your money , open it up and try to play it . At that time , no store will refund your money as the package has been opened . Be careful and do a search for movies with Cinavia and avoid them like the plague -- else you will be wasting your money to this scam .
 Ca n't believe this movie cost 150 million dollars.The only good thing was the mythological creatures.Too much talking and not enough action.Not even Fiennes and Neeson can save this movie.There was some fighting scenes with weapons and they were badly edited with too many quick , close up cuts.Save your money and if you 're curious to watch it.Wait for the dvd.Only good performances were from Toby Kebell which was the comic relief .
 Since this is only Ultraviolet , I WILL NOT recommend nor purchase . If there is no other digital copy choice , I choose not to participate . I do n't want another forum I must sign into to watch a movie I have purchased .
 What a horrible sequal . A hollywood blunder , bad acting , bad plot , no movement . Just Bad!Most of the actors phoned this one in . They should have put nicholas cage in there too . Choko , fromDomino , was a horrible choice for Aries . It lacked too much to list . And Kronos , what was that . what about theother titans .
 I buy movies with digital copies intentionally and even though I 'm not a big UltraViolet fan , I can still download the movies and watch on my many trips away from home when I do n't always have internet to stream . Flixster 's website has given me problems redeeming the code for this and upon sending a `` help ticket '' asking for an iTunes compatible version because of website problems , I was simply told that WB Flixster will only do UltraViolet on this movie.They did not resolve the problem in the way I had asked and hoped for but more problematic is that they did not even comment on the actual problem of their website not allowing me to redeem the movie in the first place . Disappointing outcome from WB and Flixster , especially after Clash of the Titans was a Mac and WIndows compatible download.AS for the movie , it 's not great and the first was better but it really depends on what you like . I was only wanting some good special effects and action sequences so plot was not as important for this particular movie .
 I could not finish this movie because it kept freezing . The last several times I have rented a movie from Amazon they all have frozen .
 The movie is great , as you can see by my review on the 3d Blu-Ray edition . This Instant Video came with the purchase of the movie . The restriction on when you could watch the movie made it impossible for me to take advantage of it . I have seen it on my iPad through the digital copy . If the restriction was not there , I may have enjoyed having this for free .
 If you must have this dvd , wait till it is on the bottom of one of those $ 2 barrels at walmart , wont be a long wait .
 This movie was a disappointment . Defineately does not measure up to the first . On the plus side , it had lots of cool special affects . I could not thing of anything else that impressed me .
 This is a remake that should n't have been done . While the special effects were better the story is essentially the same and the acting is no better . If an HD version of the 80 's movie were available I 'd recommending watching that instead .
 I grew up with the original Clash of the titans with stop-motion clay puppets . And that version was immensely better than the prequel of this movie with the same title.This could have been so much more . I just felt ... empty . Bleak . Devoid of story , character and even a decent SFX budget .
 My son was looking forward to watching this video and much to our dismay after about 20 minutes it stopped running . Very disappointing . Redbox is a lot cheaper and more reliable .
 This is not just a bad film , it is an awful film . Beyond CGI and spectacular action , there is nothing behind it of interest . There are many reasons for this.First , for anyone who knows mythology , it simply ignores what is known as the most basic stories . Perseus was one of the earliest heroes , and because of his abilities was seen as a direct challenge to the Gods , but they all survived for later adventures , in particular for the Iliad and Odyssey , but everything else that followed . Yet here , you have the gods dying off ! Moreover , the plot of Cronus emerging is also essentially made up . Now , a hollywood version does n't need to precisely follow known mythology to forge a good plot , but this is so far off that they should n't use the names of the Greek Gods at all . -LRB- This was extremely disappointing to me as an amateur classicist , but it will not disappoint just pedants - it is bad for kids interested in mythology . -RRB- Second , the characters remain almost completely undeveloped . Perseus is a kind of automaton , a superhero who miraculously recovers from wounds , etc. . Sure , he has doubts about supporting the gods , but that is superficial . The worst failing is with the Gods . In mythology , they have extremely complex and multi-layered personalities , a delight to watch in a parallel story as the human drama unfolds . But in this film , they are 2-dimensional and their actions and motives hardly make any sense . This is a missed opportunity for storytelling.Third , the film completely fails to present a coherent picture of the powers of the Gods , which have distinct limits in mythology , instead presenting them as mysteriously omnipotent and then vulnerable . Why are the monsters there , what can they do or not do , and how do they fit into the story ? None of these questions are addressed implicitly , which you would expect from a subtle script . As such , it makes little sense and is another missed opportunity.The only thing I can conclude is that the producers were disinterested and just wanted to make a glitzy action film that would rely on star power to sell it . The result is that it comes off as a crassly commercial product that utterly ignores the literary tradition on which it is based . This stand in stark contrast to the excellent productions of Ray Harryhausen , who succeeded in creating mythology films that were more or less respected the tradition while being great action films as well.I can not recommend this to anyone who expects more than mindless action . Even the wonderful actors are wasted in this .
 I 'm writing this review 2 weeks after watching the movie and I ca n't remember a thing . It had okay action at best . I used a discount code to get it so not that big of a loss .
 Very disappointed in the movie , never saw a movie that could not keep my attention until this one . I do not recommend this movie to anyone-sorry .
 This DVD totally sucks . It is the worst case of animation I have ever seen . Do not buy this crappy DVD . Trust me you will regret it .
 After the great special effects laiden but terribly done remake of `` Clash of the Titans '' , it was expected a sequel would come . Now with `` Wrath of the Titans '' it has , in this flick Perseus -LRB- Sam Worthington , `` Man on a Ledge '' -RRB- is asked by his father Zeus -LRB- Liam Neeson , `` Taken '' -RRB- to help the gods before Hades -LRB- Ralph Finnes , `` Red Dragon '' -RRB- releases the Titans from the underworld and they along with their demonic leader Kronos can wage war on the earth and the heavens.Thats about it for the story , the sets are lush and impressive , and much like `` Clash '' there 's not a lot of good acting -LRB- which honestly is n't what people go to these movies for -RRB- . A few other characters in the cast are Ares -LRB- Edgar Ramirez , `` Vantage Point '' -RRB- , Agenor -LRB- Toby Kebbell , `` Prince of Persia
 The story line was incredibly shallow and did not make me intrigued at all . This made all the scenes seemed forced and therefore less entertaining .
 The disk will not load on my blue ray mechine . I have tried 10 time and each time I get an error message . I am really dissappointed . I guess I paid for a movie and got a coaster !!!
 John Krasinski is definitely the only redeemable part of this movie . Nothing happened . At all . Just a lot of waiting around . The end was interesting though . If the rest of the movie was like the end , then it could have lived up to all the hype .
 I only purchased this movie because I worked on the set when it was filming . There are some random scenes that are good , and John Krasinksi is great . But overall , very cliched , too long , poor quality , and boring .
 What a waste of time and $ 0.99 . I can understand that actors need to eat , what i do not understand is why someone will actually produce such crap . I would not be surprised if the story was actually written by a 5th grader .
 As if one were needed , `` Heyy Babyy '' -LSB- sic -RSB- is a two-hour-plus remake of the 1987 hit `` Three Men and a Baby '' -LRB- which was itself an adaptation of a French film from 1985 -RRB- . This Bollywood production features three swinging bachelors from India who share a swanky apartment in a high class quarter of Sydney , Australia . One day they find an abandoned baby on their doorstep , along with a note declaring that one of the men - it 's not stated which - is the girl 's father . Naturally , this leads to all kinds of predictable slapstick hijinks as the three inept and bumbling playboys take on the new and unanticipated role of `` fathers '' to this adorable tyke.It 's hard to convey just how grueling - nay , excruciating - an experience sitting through `` Heyy Babyy '' turns out to be . What with all the pratfalling and mugging and fast-motion photography , `` Heyy Babyy '' makes even the most inane Three Stooges short look like a Noel Coward play in comparison . Suffice it to say the script is unbelievably banal , the comic ideas antiquated and poorly executed , and the acting so cheesy and over-the-top that , after only a few minutes ' exposure to this drivel , you ` ll be agreeing with the French as to the comic genius of Jerry Lewis.Yet , the only thing more insufferable than `` Heyy Babyy '' when it 's in a playful mood is `` Heyy Babyy '' when it ` s being all high-minded and sanctimonious , cranking up the goo to almost unimaginable proportions , as this `` angel sent from God '' turns three self-indulgent and immature womanizers into hyper-sensitive and morally responsible young men - and the audience into a bunch of oohing and aahing sentimental slobs.So if your idea of a good time is religious symbolism mixed with poop jokes -LRB- and padded out to an unendurable length with endless musical numbers -RRB- , by all means feel free to indulge yourself in all that `` Heyy Babyy '' has to offer in that regard . Otherwise , run for your life as far and as fast as you can the moment `` Heyy Babyy '' appears on a screen near you .
 I bought this film thinking it sounded really interesting , but I have to admit it is one of the dullest movies i have ever watched ! The sleeve notes promised alot but the film delivered nothing . very disappointing !!!
 I purchased this DVD , thinking it may have much info regarding the 1918 flu pandemic . It does n't - just briefly alluded to . But , an interesting glimpse into this very interesting era .
 It should have been called `` The Male Booty Movie '' ! Every ten minutes some guy is showing his butt . Either he 's getting busy with a woman or mastering his domain . Do n't get me wrong
 great cast depressing script if you are into stories about sick , messed up people , or just want to be able to say well at least my family really looks normal in comparison , I hated it but I did watch it all . Just not what I watch movies for .
 I &#34; was &#34; a Josh Lucas fan before I made the mistake of renting this . It was complete trash . Josh has some explaining to do .
 For this seasoned fan , this season had a few special moments . Very few . I yawned through the entire second disk . I do not want to sound mysogynistic , but this entire season was an exercise in assigning all the strength and intelligence to women , both alien , enemy or ally and assigning all the blunders , ignorance and stupidity to the male characters . The last time I checked , human equality was a relevant cultural goal . If you made the mistake of buying this junk , or can borrow the set , just check nearly every episode . If you want balance and entertainment , forget it ; the writing is boring , transparent and palpably annoying . If you 're into political correctness and superficial social commentary , you will love it.Yawwwwn . Sigh .
 I 've been a huge fan of the Stargate Series since its inception & have followed this series ... Atlantis , since the beginning . I am terribly disappointed in its approach to telling this story . First the writers seem intent in placing women in all of the leadership positions ... all the time , whether the situation calls for it r not , and puleeze ! stop preaching the new pc crap at every lull in the fighting ! Stop talking down to me , or at least advertise & warn that the show is now written for the adolescent audience . I thought the irritating Dr. Weird got killed off ?! Oh yeah , btw , how is it that she being merely an arbitrator at the start gets to head-up this endeavor . . making command decisions way over her pay grade and experience . Let 's not forget the irritating and most obnoxious character in all of TV land ... Rodney , Stupid , arrogant , lacking all traces of humanity , self centered , cowardly , and oh yeah . . why is he always the only one wearing a `` Country Patch '' ? No one else does , are the Canadians so starved for recognition that they have to shove that stupid leaf in our faces all the time ? BFD ! Who cares ? Please kill this crap or hire writers desiring to tell the story instead of searching for a platform to force feed the masses their PC garbage . Great you brought Sam Carter on the set , Great character and actress , strong capable leader ... NOW LET HER LEAD !!! and get rid of that condescending , uh , I think her name is Tira , you know the alien they found living in the stone-age during the initial series , who abandoned `` Her '' people , and seem now for some unknown reason to be like second , or third in command , have intimate knowledge of all the earth based & ancient technology somehow ! BTW , did anyone ever even suggest or offer Ronin acting lessons ? Did he really spend the money on these lessons or is he here only because he 's some producers love interest . Fire this bum or teach him how to act , for God 's sake.ThanxDWL
 Still have not recieved it from the seller . Also have not had any of my e-mails answered .
 sorry I can not give you a review as I was unable to watch it as it was not compatable for Australia . I have now returned it to you and am awaiting a refund . Many thanksSue Cox
 The show is great but I am reviewing the Amazon Prime service . It times out 4-5x per show and I do n't understand why . I though it was an Internet connection issue but my Netflix works just fine from the Wii so I do n't know what the issue is . I will have to cancel my service if I Amazon does not fix it .
 Season 4 started very good and went downhill very fast from the fourth episode on turning this season into the worst Stargate Season in the franchise history.I had nothing against Samantha Carter 's addition to the show . It was however unnecissary . She was missing in most critical moments throughout the season . It gave me the impression that Sheppard is making `` all '' the decisions which is unrealistic . -LRB- I know the Stargate is n't real but the franchise has always proven that they adhere to real and proper military conduct . This has been neglected this season . -RRB- I was really looking forward to Teyla 's story arc only to be disappointed again . The arc lasted only three episodes -LRB- Missing , Kindred I + II -RRB- . Lets start about Keller . In my 23 years I have never seen a television character that badly written . All she does is whining and screaming like a six year old . I have seen Jewel Staite on Firefly and know she can act . She played my favorite character there . But even she ca n't make something out of this poorly written character . I know it 's not the actresses fault . I looked forward to episodes like Missing and Trio but had to turn of because it became unendurable . Almost every episode her character appeared in became unwatchable because of the whining . Furthermore ; first she starts something with Ronon only to do the same thing with Rodney a couple of episodes later . What 'll happen next season ? Will she go after John too ? I bet ! Now they made her and even Woolsey regulars in Season 5 . Thanks TPTB for ruining a great show.Oh and we where let to believe that we get the real Carson back and then suddenly he is just a clone.The stories itself became repetitive and unimaginative . Many plotpoints from SG-1 were recycled . I expected to watch quality television and got mediocre entertainment at best.What infuriated me the most was that every female guest star had to be a 20ish year old supermodel only for Rodney and John to go after . The show became quite sexist.While I would rewatch all 20 episodes from Season 1 ; 19 episodes from Season 2 and only 18 episodes of Season 3 , Atlantis Season 4 had only 9 episodes I would even consider watching again . Whereas 8 out of 9 were mediocre at best , 1 episode was outstanding namely Midway . Midway had the same quality standards Seasons 1 - 3 had . I will however buy this season on DVD because I am a completist . While I will not give Season 5 any live ratings I will probably buy those DVDs for the same reason . To have a complete collection . I do n't believe that there will be a 6th Season.I hope amazon wo n't censor my review . This is my opinion about Season 4 .
 THIS EPISODE OF STARGATE ATLANTIS SEEMS TO BE A FILLER EPISODE . IT DID NOT PROGRESS THE THEME OF THE SERIES ANYWHERE . I WONDER IF THE EPISODE IS VICTIM OF THE WRITER STRIKE .
 These people just go too far with scatological imagery . There are few people who could view this DVD without being repulsed by their tasteless and vulgar presentation.Just tone it down and make it more acceptable to the average person and perhaps they can get their much needed message across.Hard to watch or to take seriously ...
 I do n't know . The purpose of this movie is to raise awareness about political exploitation of third world countries . I 'm not sure it comes across that way.The ` Yes Men ' have imitation websites of large organisations like the WTO -LRB- world trade organisation -RRB- and are sometimes mistaken for the real things ; hence , they get invited to give speeches and the like . That 's a great idea . When they give these speeches , or lectures , they say some absurd things to make the World Trade Organisation look bad . People do n't recognise it 's the Yes Men . I 'm fine with all that , loved it , but some of their ideas are way off mark.I do n't see the point to give a lecture in Finland wearing a golden jump-suit with a giant genital protruding out of it . Sure it gives a laugh , but when they say that these were the most intelligent and educated people in the world yet they did n't even ask any questions , it 's not because they do n't really care , but they probably saw you guys coming a mile off.They then went off to give a lecture to like-minded uni students in New York and got the reaction they wanted ... something absurd about giving poo to people in third world countries . I did n't understand that bit at the end when they said the WTO was disbanding ... sure a few of the journalists were a bit moved or shocked , but that was it.There were too many ` behind the scenes ' shots of them talking about being hungry and feeling tired , but the idea was good , really good , and they were brave in doing what they did . The most resonating point of the docu-film was the bit at the start about George W Bush talking about ` too much freedom ' - really chilling stuff , but I thought they were dragging out Michael Moore to try and give credo to what they were doing.Ultimately , it 's a luke-warm experience for me . They could have made it more enjoyable and fun by focusing on the juicy bits , rather than behind the scenes commentary , the amazing platform they created for themselves should have been utilised better . But it was a great idea and they are funny characters . I 'd give it 5 / 10 - nothing more nothing less .
 After watching this documentary , I could n't help but feel a bond with the people who were audience to the pranks . I thought I was getting one thing , but instead I got another . The description of this film led me to think it would feature a lot more comedy than it did . In fact , I half expected to find an intellectual , thought provoking version of say Punk 'd or even Trigger Happy TV , inasmuch as I thought it would be a series of pranks . What I found was that throughout the course of the film , they really only pulled three such ruses , all of which had a clever build up but somehow fell flat . As gladdened as I am to see activists at work , the Yes Men did n't seem to achieve much . Okay , I did enjoy the fact that they could fool the media into believing the WTO was re-inventing itself , but even that did n't go far . The majority of this film 's 80 something minutes consists of the Yes Men standing around talking about how they 're going to pull off their stunts . The setup involving free hamburgers at a lecture about recycling human waste had tremendous potential , but they did n't go anywhere with it . All in all this has to be one of the least humorous and thought provoking of all the satirical comedies I 've ever seen . Rent it , but do n't plan on having too much fun .
 I had the opportunity to see The Yes Men when it was released to a smaller , progressive theater near my university . Having followed their past antics , I was very excited to watch a funny , creative and thought-provoking movie . Unfortunately , this is n't it.Jacques Servin -LRB- playing Andy Bichlbaum -RRB- is actually a former programmer for Maxis . Andy is probably best known for inserted some code into a Maxis game that at certain times would show two men kissing . Igor Vamos -LRB- playing Mike Bonanno -RRB- is actually an Associate Professor of Arts at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.The movie consists of watching Jacque and Igor plan and execute three different pranks . It 's pretty slow in places as the planning for the pranks goes on and on . Mostly it 's them and their associates talking through what they want to happen . The actual pranks are n't that outrageous and certainly are n't as funny as the stuff that goes on in Jackass . There 's no tension in the movie as the two never seem to be in danger of getting caught despite their misrepresentation as to their identity and their goofy presentations to unsuspecting corporate dupes . The sound is also pretty bad in places , but that 's probably the nature of an underfunded documentary.If you 're thinking of buying this movie because you believe it 's in the vein of Michael Moore 's work , do n't . It does n't hold a candle to recent political documentaries .
 I might not watch or read the news everyday , but I tend to keep myself fairly informed about current events . I could be wrong , but I have n't heard anything about the WTO recycling bodily wastes into MacDonalds burgers . There 's a good reason for this
 I was impressed with the elaborate pranks and that they were able to at least APPEAR to be giving competent presentations . That was it . The rest of it was fairly stupid.It seems all their time was spent developing over the top pranks and very little thought was given to the content of what they were saying . I 've seen a lot of comments that you can `` learn '' something from this . I suppose that is true , but what you 're `` learning '' is 2 +2 = 5
 These guys had a couple good ideas , but their arrogance ruined the movie for me . They have a few modestly intellectual observations , but they are so proud of themselves for speaking up about them the movie is unpleasant to watch . Nothing deep or terribly cleaver here ... Only mildly entertaining , you can see the best parts in the trailer/promo . My copy ended up at the landfill .
 This film falls very flat for so many different reasons . First it bills itself as being humorous , but is rarely funny and most of the time is spent on boring dialogue with boring people . The second problem I have is the fact that the yes men are not very likable people . Most of the time when you are watching a film with anti-heroes , you want to dislike what they do , but like them . In this case what they do is stupid , and they are not likable . I use the word stupid here because there main `` pranks '' consist of ideas an 11 year old boy would think of and think was funny . Phallic symbols , fesces , etc. . I felt like the potential these characters had in making any real change was lost in there overall immaturity and lack of vision . If this is the best the liberals have to offer , it is no wonder they are in retreat , and there ideas are being rejected by Americans . I also thought the documentary was poorly filmed and edited . Overall I would say all liberals should watch this film if for no other reason then to decrease there productivity for 2 hours .
 Mike Bonanno and Andy Bichlbaum star in this documentary as the `` Yes Men '' - two political activists who impersonate members of the World Trade Organization and proceed to go on television news shows and present lectures to audiences of intellectuals and students about this organization . They get the idea after setting up a web site that is very similar to the actual WTO web site . So similar is the site , in fact , that the two men start to get speaking engagement offers from official organizations who mistake them for actual WTO members.Mike and Andy decide this is a great opportunity to expose the WTO and all its economic wrongs . They go to these speaking halls and make television appearances where they continue to pretend they are WTO spokesmen , while satirically attacking the group they represent by telling , point blank , what this organization is all about in their eyes
 Ok , I got this film because a friend recommended it , saying that these guys go around pretending to be executives from major corporations and then take responsibility for their company 's misdeeds and make pledges tha would become a PR nightmare for the companies not to follow through with.I thought awesome ! Can not wait to see it ! I 'm as liberal as they come , and I could not wait to throw my support behind people doing something so controversial , yet nessecary -LRB- because let 's be honest , liberals are good at being walked all over and pushed aside and that is about it ; just not an effective group -RRB- . So i watched this ... 50 % of the movie is filler , not a good start . I was thinking maybe they accomplish a great deal like I had heard ... They crash a fabrics marketing meeting in Finland with maybe 45 nobodies in attendance and try to crash another meeting in Australia that gets canceled because of lack of attendees ? Seriously ? Wow , slow down.Worse still , they dont put a great deal of effort into anything they do , -LRB- again , typical liberal -RRB- , they do n't work on their presentation until a few days beforehand , they do n't plan anything and they accomplish nothing.But wait , it gets worse ! Their satire is the most dumbed down , stereotypical garbage that no one but a stoner freshman in college who thinks they have the whole world figured out could appreciate . You know that guy , he is out in the quad playing the 3 cords he knows on his guitar with a copy of something by nitzche or some other `` tortured author '' trying to look deep and impress girls with no self esteem and daddy issues . If you hate that guy , you are really going to hate this thing.It is kind of sad because at first these guys seem really intelligent and especially well informed on the groups they wish to target . And I can ever get past the handy cam quality of the entire feature because hey , anyone who is trying to make a difference deserves all the recognition and support they can get . But this is a poor excuse for a pipe dream that acomplishes nothing . I see that they made another movie in my search , and maybe in that one they have evolved into the vigilante , corporation fighting heroes that others see , but I am so completely turned off by this first movie and it 's juvenile efforts , that I have no desire to spend further time or money to find out .
 I was n't expecting much going into this - stumbled across it on Netflix and wanted something light and fluffly . But wow , the acting , direction , and even the songs are really , really , bad . Not just bad - REALLY bad . It was almost too hard to watch .
 Ok fist of all ashlee hewitt good singer not so much good acting ... she is awful her voice is like those girl that always says `` OH MY GODDDDD '' I really watch this movie because who does not like cinderella story . . but seriously do n't buy it waist of money super annoying movie ... and super annoying girl dam ... She can sing though she has a beautiful voice its just when she talks she ruins everything ...
 This movie is about as corny as it gets . The acting is superbly bad . The script is so full of holes it actually becomes laughable . For $ 3.99 we felt pretty sad that we wasted our money on something this dumb . I have no idea how these greats reviews were posted . Perhaps they were done by youngsters who idealizes the dream of becoming famous . Take my word for it ! Search on . Do n't waste your money on this movie .
 this movie is the worst film i have ever seen . EVER . If you watch this , i doubt you will make it through the first 30 minutes . it is absolutely TERRIBLE !!! CHEESY CA N'T EVEN CONTAIN THE AMOUNT OF FROMAGE REEKING FROM THE SCREEN !! I agree with the statement
 This was an ok movie . Only gave it two stars . About girl who works for her uncle who owns a record company . She dreams about becoming a singer and eventually realizes her dreams when she wins a audtion .
 Have not actually sat down to watch this with full attention , just turned it on to make sure it was not scratched and listened with half an ear , but from what I heard , I am glad I did not pay full price for it . Was a very poor retake on a great fairy tale .
 This , for me , failed to bridge the gap between fiction and reality . It presented itself as a documentary , but in now way convinced that the `` scripted '' scenes rang true and were anything other than contrived . Sure this torturous stuff happens . But this film , in my humble opinion , comes across as one sided . Actually , at times , I felt they wee indeed bin Laden supporters who had indeed been caught . I 'm not saying they were terrorists , just that the filmmakers were n't up to the task they burdened themselves with . Too bad , really .
 I confess I had high hops of this film by Michael Winterbottom and Mat Whitecross . The topic is touchy and flamable and likely to stir upp emotions . That fact that captives are being held in Guantanamo against any legal precedence under extremely questionable conditions is worthy of report . Sadly this film is a very one sided affair , you are left with no explanation as to why the good Englishmen Rasul , Ahmed and Iqbal decide to leave Pakistan where Iqbal is suposed to get married -LRB- in what appears to be an arranged marriage -LRB- since we are on the topic of human rights -RRB- -RRB- and go to Taliban Afganistan , in fact yes there was some mention of helping the poor - but then again there was also mention of going to Afganistan because there are so big naan breads there , take a pick since neither is plausible.Nor is there a satisfactory explanation as to why our good three friends are arrested there on a truck with a group of armed Talibans . We do get some screen time showing that one of the three was very sick and we are led to believe they are very good people , all willing to help their fellow humans but I doubt Michael Winterbottom and Mat Whitecross spent any effort finding out why they were there and took their story for face value . We do however later on receive information that at least two of them where petty criminals with extensive records in the UK and in my experience petty criminals normally do n't go far out of their way in helping people in general.I have no doubt that atrocity 's are being committed at Guantanamo but I could not feel sorry for the trio which are portrayed as heros and have a strong suspicion that you are getting convenient half truths at certain parts of the story . This distracts from the point the movie is trying to get across and causes it to lose credibility for me.I did n't enjoy the movie and regret buying it .
 I 've listened to their side of the story and here is what I think
 The premise is absurd
 So marriage-minded Asif , a British Muslim , travels with a group of his co-religionists to his ancestral home of Pakistan a few weeks after 9/11 . For giggles in the midst of massive American-led military actions , the lads decided to hop the Afghan border and head for Kandahar , home of the Taliban -LRB- as you do -RRB- . This preposterous , though well filmed ` innocents caught up in a nightmare ' tale that director Mat Whitecross , launches is clear from that beginning that the truth of this story emanates solely from the mouths of Asif and his mates . They comment on their personal road to Guantanamo , while actors demonstrate what we are being told happened.President Bush decided soon after the September attack , that he was going after the bad guys , and if that meant judicial fiat , respect for constitutional principals and international law were to be thrown out of the window , so be it . So here we have yet another botched , ill-conceived , shoot-from-the-hip plan to thwart terrorism , that does little more than give succor to the enemy and trample our moral highground.Asif , and his colleagues were likely mistreated and undoubtedly had their human rights soiled at Guantanamo . To date this debacle of a prison that masquerades as American law has given us not a single convicted poster boy to demonstrate the effectiveness of the policy of ` Rendition . ` Those released without charge such as the subjects of this documentary , serve as motivators for the anti-western forces of Jihad , and they will garner sympathy from gullible Kuffar liberals who swallow this Islamoganda hook line and sinker . The fact that this movie was able to be made however lays at the feet of the Bush administration , for it is they that established back door rules of engagement as they pretended to effect law and order . If Asif and his pals , who may well have been joining the ` struggle ' in Afghanistan are now movie stars instead of convicts , it is likely a consequence of our impetuous hubristic approach to thwarting our enemies .
 I was a fan of Rizzoli and Isles until Episode 14 , `` Over , Under '' , I 'm not anymore . in fact I 'm thru with it . I 'm not buying anymore episodes . They want to use a quality program such as this and ruin it by trying to turn it into some kind of brain washing propaganga crap . I 'm no homophobic , but I still can do without this kind of business . I 'm done with Amazon instant video , and Rizzoli and Isles . This does n't even deserve one star .
 I loved the first season of Rizzoli and Isles . As time goes on the show has lost its edge , the two leads are becoming characitures of what they were in year one - in short , the show has become kitzch - in a bad way . Wo n't buy any more episodes .
 Just could n't get into it . There are much better police shows out there . Rizzoli says Cop 101 phrases constantly - `` serial killers are mostly men '' Oh really ? Gee I did n't know that . And the blonde girls ' mom just happens to work at the coffee shop IN the police station ?! How stupid and contrived is that ? Anyway , Rizzoli and Isles sounds like it 'd be better as a cook book
 This show is really silly . Cliched , predictable . All the jokes are cheap jokes . The two main characters do a good job with what they 're given and thus , it 's watchable in small doses if you keep your expectations low .
 VIDEO WAS TERRIBLE PHOTOGRAHY WAS BAD SOUND WAS OFF I NEVER REALLY GOT INTO STORY BECAUSE THE VIDEO QUALITY WAS BAD
 Simplistic and silly throwing everything in but the kitchen sink
 Let me tell you , this movie had to be the worst movie I have seen in a long time . it was no `` bog body '' roaming around killing . It actually looked like Popeye the Sailor . My suggestion to all is to steer totally away from this Vinnie Jones flop . Pick up either The Condemned or The Midnight Meat Train instead . Way better movies . Sorry Vinnie it just plain sucked !!!!! This would have got a zero star rating if I could have done it .
 This was a funny movie ! At least a half dozen times , I laughed so hard , I could barely breathe . Three groups of two people end up in the same small cabin or shack . You have people talk about death stories , one taxi driver guy saying `` he was driving some girl somewhere , got mad because she did n't have the money , so he threw her out . Then 40 miles later , he hears this thumping . It was her , being dragged along the side of the car . he said , I guess her coat got stuck when he closed the door . HAH AHAH ! How can you get your coat caught in the door , and not open the door or tell the driver , who by the way , is the one who opened the door to throw her out , to say , hey , do n't go , I am caught.The hunter saying , I tried to protect this guy , then at the next frame you see the flashback of him shooting the guy , HAHA HAHA !! FUNNY film . Oh my , what a funny show . You have to make fun of it . It 's the only way to enjoy it . Many more funny moments.Well worth the one dollar rental at Red Box .
 If you loved watching bad movies with someone who looks like Toj Johnson , try this one out . The movie never really got scary , unless you are a midget clown . The bog monster is n't frightening and the shower scene was rated G. I will say that the people in this movie tended to be have more character than in normal one star productions . The rude American was almost funny at times , calling the cab driver , `` McDuff , Gilligan and Darby O ' Gill . '' There seems to be a lot of cows on the road in Ireland . More comedy than horror .
 This is one of the worst movies I have seen in a long time . Stay away from this low budget crap . It is no worth 1 star . Waste of money and time .
 This movie was made in Ireland with a very , very low budget . At least it was shot on film and the actors are all decent . But it 's budget is so small that the bog body drinks water and reforms into a huge guy who then kills people . Supposedly the victims all did terrible things and the bog wants them . The bog people were usually sacrifice victims that were killed for various reasons . the Celtic people did this from about 1,000 B.C. or so until around 200 A.D. or so . Some people think that they were from the same tribes , but I personally believe that most of them were from rival tribes usually . In this movie a hunter is going around killing the risen bog people , only some of them are recent dead people , this is not explained and the whole idea of them out there is wasted because the movie is mainly about one ancient bog victim who is hunting the cast down . One of which is a awful american woman who is nasty and the epitomy of the rude arrogant stereotype that some people see all Americans . There are a few like her though and they could be any Nationality ; they are just ruthless bosses . Sadly we are even denied seeing her get her punishment in any real detail . The whole flick is mainly about the one bog person and his hunting of people . It 's just an ok movie at best , it could have been worse though . But it will leave zombie fans none too happy I fear as the dead look alive completely .
 This low budget movie has plenty of beautiful scenery , but has a truly dopey villain in the supposed bog man who comes back to life for no apparent reason and starts killing people . I almost wanted to turn the sound off and just watch the images of rolling hills and lush forests .
 I watched the movie the first time in a theater in Taiwan about 20 years ago . As the credits rolled at the end the crowd boo'ed and largely classified the movie as a failure . This redux is about the same . Art house reviews will praise this as a `` masterpiece '' but even the actors and crew suggested this was one of WKW worst films . He simply had a vision that was too grand and had to stymy it down into this compressed version of a movie . For those in the know , this is an epic tale that spanned 3 books and although this movie is loosely tied to the books , the characters lacks all background to make it significant to the audience -LRB- for instance Jacky Cheung 's &#21271; &#19984; -RRB- . This was a failure the first time around and nothing 's changed .
 I 'm all for movies with complex storylines and characters but this movie 's characters were monotone . They were all a bit psychotic with nothing else to them . SPOILER ALERT
 On principle , I object to filmmakers going back years later and re-editing and rethinking a movie they made . But if you 're going to fiddle with the past , at least present the new cut side by side with the original , something this DVD fails to do . Not that it matters
 Typically sloooow Chinese film about a guy living out in the boonies . Way out in the boonies . Takes in a young girl and watches her continually raped and molested . Difficult and hard to follow.Sad and pathetic but if you like this type of Chinese flick it may be right up your alley
 This movie is not in English although the title of the movie is as is the book . There is no forewarning anywhere that the movie is not in English . Sounds like it might be Russian ?
 This DVD appears to be in German . It is not in english . I do not speak German . This needs to be corrected . I want my $ 1.99 back .
 fine start to this movie
 The picture was almost unlookable . It was blury and skipped long sections of film The film is a great story with great actors . It should have been remastered or somehow not sold .
 Terrible movie - especially for Edward G. I like gangster movies , and this one was just too stupid to like . Not your typical E.G.R.
