 This is an entertaining history of my favorite band . Most of the footage I had not seen before , though I was disappointed there was no full-song concert footage . As far as content goes , there 's not much new . We hear Pete explain for the billionth time why he smashed his guitar . No great revelations there . But what can an avid Who fan expect from such DVDs ? If you really like the band , you 've exhausted the catalogue . If you are unfamiliar with the Who , this is a good primer . The extra DVD is worth watching , as it gives great footage of all four members individually . For my money , the best Who treatment was the 30 Years of Maximum R & B feature done in 1994 , which showed me , for the first time , the spectacular Second Isle of Wight concert footage as well as terrific versions of `` Happy Jack '' and `` Anyway , Anyhow , Anywhere . '' On the 30 Years show , we were treated to incoherent commentary by Keith Richard , whereas here , we hear incoherent commentary by Noel Gallagher . Amazing Journey , however , is not bad at all .
 We saw this first on VH1 while channel surfing . We were glued to the set and I knew I had to track it down for a fellow Who lover . It 's a great dvd for anyone into the Who , or who would like to know their history better .
 This was a great documentary on one of the greatest rock bands ever . . Get this along with The Kids are Alright ... has a lot of great old school footage including some rare `` high numbers '' clips
 This is a must for any fan of The Who , and those who are n't fans yet may become so after watching this documentary . Amazing footage from early gigs as well as new interviews with other rockers influenced by The Who - these guys were punk before that was even a kind of music !
 Very impressed . As a life long Who fan I am always looking for new info regarding my favorite group , and this did not disappoint . Although there was less pure music than The Kids are Alright , the biographical information was spectacular . I was pleased to see that the post-Keith and post-John version of the band was also included . I grow weary of the constant dismissal of the bands work after Keith 's death . Face Dances and It 's Hard may not be Quadrophenia but they still have good music to offer . As a final thought , my wife and I were able to attend their Long Beach show last winter and I was very pleased to see that shows version of Tea and Theater closing out the disc.Great tribute to the only band that matters .
 As a long-time Who fan , I had high expectations for this documentary , but it does n't hold much of a candle to ` The Kids Are Alright ' . ` Amazing Journey ' I found to be somber , but fitting and overdue tribute to Keith Moon and John Entwistle . I was very disappointed that this documentary was n't fun and wild like ` The Kids Are Alright ' and that the rare concert clips were very short ! There was n't anything covered in this documentary that I did n't already know , but the concert clips were great ! Since the 1970 ` Live At Leeds ' was recently discovered on film , I am hoping that Daltrey and Townshend will release that and the return to Leeds concert that happended a couple of years ago.For fans who are just discovering the band , see ` The Kids Are Alright ' first .
 I was really impressed by this DVD -LRB- actually there are two
 I saw this first on PBS and instantly started looking for it.Finally found it on Amazon ... of course.An excellent , honest presentation of the historic bands rise , dips and tumbles.A must have for a Rock and Roll fan , history student , or a collector .
 I am a huge fan of The Who and when my bass player told me about this movie that was on the market I had to get it . Last Christmas it was a gift from my sister . This box set is 2 dvds . The first one being the movie Amazing Journey which tells the story of The Who from their childhood right up to the release of Endless Wire . Townshed and Daltry are interviewd quite a bit through this movie and Townshend talks about how he grew up with the war going on and Roger talks about how he met John Entwhistle and invited him into his band The Detours . Townshend also talks about his fasination with Meher Baba . How he looked at him as a spirtual guidence . There 's a good amount of live footage in this movie as well as interviews with managers past and present , other musicians including Sting , The Edge , Steve Jones , Eddie Vedder and Noel Gallagher . I would have liked it better if they talked more about the albums . Albums from Who 's Next up through It 's Hard get very little talk and would have liked to hear them elaborate on the albums more . The only mention of Endless Wire is the very last scene of the movie when on the screen it says in 2006 The Who released Endless Wire . thier first album in 24 years . I would have liked to have really heard more about the ideas on the new Who album since I had been waiting forever for them to put out a follow up to It 's Hard -LRB- see my review for Endless Wire -RRB- . Disc 2 is 6 different films titled 6 Quick Ones . The first 4 focus on the band members individualy . Who Art You is a film focusing on what Townshend describes as auto destructive art . And the last one Who 's Back shows them in the studio recording a new song for their Then And Now greatest hits album , Real Good Looking Boy , with Greg Lake on bass . And as a bonus feature on disc 2 an extreemly old film of them playing at the Railway Hotel when they were called The High Numbers and is the earliest footage known to exist of them on film . The band are still kids at this time . This is one of the best Who dvds on the market and The Who has a ton of dvds out there . If you are a music dvd collector you will really want this in your collection . This is one of the best , if not the best , Who dvds on the market right now .
 I 've been a Who fan for over 30 years , when I first saw `` The Kids Are Alright . '' This DVD goes beyond that movie and provides some classic concert footage , classic interviews as well as recent interviews with Pete and Roger , and many of the other managers and people involved in the behind the scenes part of The Who . This is definatley a `` must have '' for any true Who fan . Long Live Rock !!
 So , the who are not kids anymore , but they 're still alright.I 've been a fan of the Who since I first heard `` Happy Jack '' way back when . I remember buying the single and playing the grooves off of it.This turned me on to one of the greatest rock bands in history , and I never lost my enthusiasm . I 'm glad this two DVD set came out , and I 'm glad it revealed the ups and downs the band has had over thier long career.Glad because it shows the Who as a bunch of human beings with all the faults and shortcomings of any human being . But , it also shows them in thier glory , as the greatest rock band you could ever imagine . The sheer power and brute force of the Who is shown , as well as the tender side.The recording session for `` Real Good Looking Boy '' is excellent stuff.By the way , Zak Starkey looks just like his dad , even if his drumming style is different . And seeing the great Greg Lake on bass was a real treat ! Anyhow , this is great stuff , this DVD , and if you 're a Who fan you should get it . If you 're a Who fan , you already know most of it anyway , but you should still get it .
 Yes , the kids are alright did need an update but the 1st disc is kind of irrelevant as it was mostly on Kids anyway although it was good to see Chris Stamp get a chance to say something and john 's mrs was bang on with john getting bugger all attention , even this time it basically he was great on bass and the french horn -LRB- is that some sort of huge in japan reference ? -RRB- and a complete spendthrift . And Keith still is just KEEF !!!! again the old tale of some sort of ginger vision appearing at a concert insisting he could play better than the fill in drummer is trotted out and the nonsense about The Who being banned permanently from Holiday Inns is back again .2 nd disc is excellent should have been more like this.you should get this however if you do n't have Kids , Live at leeds , the Isle of wight DVD and Dark Side of the Moon -LRB- book -RRB- get those first . then this . ok ? .
 Amazing Journey is candid , frank and sometimes unflattering to the members of the Who . Townshend and Daltrey are artists , and as such , did n't get in the way of the producers by forcing glossed over accounts of their 45 year career . Since the death of John Entwistle in 2002 , Townshend and Daltrey have stepped back from the egos that fueled years of fueding , and gracefully acknowledged their collective pasts . As a Who fan , you must buy this.There are 4 mini docs -LRB- 6 total -RRB- that explore the musical contributions of each band member from an academic stand point . The feature on Keith Moon 's drumming is especially enlightening since most people think he was an undisciplined player , with no idea what he was playing . After watching , you will understand he was probably a savant , besides being self-destructive . The doc on Daltrey is equally enlightening.The sound quality is amazing , as all tracks have been remastered and actually have audable bass !
 A brilliant achievement . I believe the Japaneese version will have the Kilburn & London Coliseum shows . They will be released independently in N America next year .
 If you are a Who fan you will think you have died and gone to WhoHeaven !!
 A bit different format then Kids are Alright with some new insight into how the band formed and the love/hate relationship between Pete and Roger . Definitely worth getting if your a Who fan . For people just discovering The Who , I probably recommend Kids are Alright DVD for your first exposure into the inner workings of this legendary band .
 When I read some of the reviews for this DVD set before actually receiving it and watching it , I was nervous since this has been a long awaited DVD for about two plus years . I will admit that `` The Kids Are Alright '' is probably better , but this is still one of the best Who DVDs in my opinion . Just like many of you , I would have loved it if the movie included full songs and I would have loved it even more if the DVD set included the London Colesium and Kilburn gigs in their entirety . However , another reviewer stated that these two gigs will be released separately in 2008 -LRB- hopefully that 's true -RRB- . In my opinion , the movie itself is extremely well put together . Yes , many Who fans are already familiar with the story of the band , but in this case , the way the story is presented is fantastic . If the movie just had straight interviews from Townshend , Daltrey , Entwistle , Moon , Jones , Edge , Sting , Stamp , Vedder , etc. then it would not be as good , but the interview footage mixed with the archival footage make it very interesting after each viewing regardless of whether or not you get to see and hear the whole song . I will say that the movie itself could have been at least an hour longer if they had elaborated on each segment , but what we do get is excellent in my opinion . And the archival footage included is brilliant . Who cares about the packaging ? I read so many reviewers complaints about packaging and I do n't get it . We do n't play the packaging on the DVD player . It 's the contents of the DVDs themselves that matter . The second disc , Six Quick Ones , is also fantastic . All four films about each band member are great and very well put together . The segment dedicated to Mods and pop-art is also fantastic , and the segment of Pete , Roger , Zak , Simon , Rabbit , and Lake in the studio recording `` Real Good Looking Boy '' is also great . I really like the inclusion of the band performing at Railway Hotel -LRB- the camera people should 've shown less of the people dancing though and more of the band -RRB- . The scrapbook is really good too particularly Bill talking about Cincinatti , Pete talking about `` Wo n't Get Fooled Again , '' and Shel , Stamp , and Johns talking about the Who 's early record contract . For me , the icing on the cake for the DVD set is the bonus Live in Chicago disc . Okay , it would have been nice to have a bonus live disc with Moon on drums , but to be fair , Jones does hold his own during the performance . Plus , there is a better chance of a Who individual disc selling if Moon is on the drums rather than Jones . Also , even though we do n't get the whole concert on this disc , it still is fantastic . In my opinion , the best performances are Substitute , I Ca n't Explain , Baba O'Riley , The Punk and the Godfather , My Wife , Sister Disco , Behind Blue Eyes , Music Must Change , 5:15 , Pinball Wizard , Long Live Rock , Sparks , How Can You Do It . Sorry but Drowned does n't do it for me -LRB- Roger should have sung it so Pete could do more on guitar -RRB- and I do n't care for The Real Me in its edited version . Both those songs are much better on Live At the Royal Albert Hall . The rest of it is great though and it 's pretty well filmed for its time . Plus , Townshend , Entwistle , and Daltrey all play and sing incredibly well and you can hear Entwistle 's bass . Great DVD set but buy it with the bonus disc .
 Alot of new up to date information . Not enough concert footage . Would be better with complete song videos .
 This is an autobiography DVD . You want full concert songs , buy the bonus DVD from Best Buy . This is the story of The Who , by Pete and Roger . It is very well done , and keeps you interested throughout . Anyone who finds fault with this DVD just is n't really a Who fan . Incredible . Long Live Rock !
 Fills-out missing bits from The Kids Are Alright DVD . Fairly comprehensive and the bonus disc is a delight which includes an in-the-studio look at the making of the re-worked ` Real Good Looking Boy ' for their last album with Greg Lake on bass . I have already watched this many times and remain in awe of this band and their story . An invaluable addition to any Who fans library .
 This video was a terrific documentation on a group that defined an era and a powerful movement in rock history.To see the footage and interviews , espeically with Keith Moon was particularly poignant for me , who was greatly influenced by him , as a young drummer , back in the day.Worth watching numerous times .
 Ok , this is from a very biased but long-term , hard core Who fan . I think this is a good companion to The Kids Are Alright . If you have n't seen either , watch TKAA first , then if you want more , watch this . TKAA covered the glory days . This also covers that time period , but adds to it the death of Keith , Cinncinati , the Kenney Jones era , farewell tour , Entwistle 's death -- the rough times . Plus , the wonderful arrival of Zak Starkey , Ringo 's son , the rebirth of the spark in Vegas 1998 , and the redemptive Concert for New York in 2001 . This has far more talking heads , less music . Lots of new Townshend and Daltrey material , plus many of the usual suspects from the band 's family and history - Richard Barnes , Shel Talmy , Chris Stamp , Dougal , Curbishley , plus some celebrity musicians like Noel Gallagher , Sting , Eddie Vedder , The Edge . But great stuff for anyone interested in The Who . Are they the 4 best musicians ever , as one reviewer disagrees with ? Who cares ? Together , they are one of the most powerful and entertaining rock bands you 'll ever see . Townshend is a musical genius . And a very entertaining drunk -LRB- for that , watch the Concert for The People of Kampuchea or the videos for ` Face Dances ' -RRB- .
 I love all things about The Who . I watch this anytime and all the time for inspiration . If you are a fan , by all means get it so you can be inspired too .
 As expected , this is a wonderful DVD box set that captures The Who over the years by examining their music , personalities , interaction with each other , and the recollections from people who knew them from the 1960s to the present . Well done.Randall Ponder , Baton Rouge , Louisiana .
 Considering all that has been written about The Who by music critics , biographers and pop journalists , there is not much left to say about this forceful , inventive and influential English rock aggregate . Thanks to `` Amazing Journey '' , however , there are still fresh things to see.The twin DVDs in this set produced by Nigel Sinclair , Bill Curbishley and Robert Rosenberg include `` The Story of The Who '' and `` Six Quick Ones '' . These documentaries assemble live performances and recording sessions , archival newsreels , television and movie clips , interviews with the principals , their managers , producers , family , friends , and fellow rock musicians -LRB- Sting , The Edge , Eddie Vedder , Noel Gallgher , Steve Jones , and others -RRB- from 1964 through 2003 . `` The Story of The Who '' tracks the band 's career from the earliest days of their emergence from among scores of English performers scrambling for attention in the wake of the commercial tsunami known as the `` British Invasion '' of 1964 , spearheaded by The Beatles ' successful penetration of the American marketplace.The extraordinary thing about this footage is that there is so much of it . That is owed to The Who 's first managers , Chris Stamp and Kit Lambert - entertainment industry promoters with no particular ear for pop music - who surveyed the lively London scene in the spring of '64 looking for a promising group to manage and to film in action for a movie . Their selection of The Who - then billing themselves as The High Numbers - for their project proved to be miraculous . Suppose they had picked Herman 's Hermits or The Dave Clark Five ? They could not have foreseen any more than the band themselves did that The Who would become rock immortals.The hits started coming immediately . `` I Ca n't Explain '' , `` The Kids Are Alright '' , `` My Generation '' , `` Magic Bus '' , `` Happy Jack '' , and `` I Can See For Miles '' were chartbusters in Great Britain and the U.S.A. . The documentary cameras continued to roll . The Who recorded an advertising jingle for Coca-Cola , which inspired their first concept album `` The Who Sell Out '' . One could isolate The Who 's four consecutive studio albums `` The Who Sell Out '' -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , `` Tommy '' -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , `` Who 's Next '' -LRB- 1971 -RRB- , and `` Quadrophenia '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- to bury in a time capsule with assurance that , when unearthed by archaeologists 2,000 years hence , the vigor , spirit , urges , concerns , and musical vocabulary of the first quarter century of rock 'n roll would be amply represented and potently distilled.The Who were by no means a seamless ensemble . Musically and temperamentally they were more distinguished by their individuality than by their cohesion . The subtraction of any one of their members , though , would have meant a sundering of the whole , a fact sadly demonstrated in 1978 when rambunctious drummer Keith Moon died shortly after the release of `` Who Are You ? '' , the band 's last hit . Each of the three other band mates ventured solo careers . Roger Daltry struggled to find suitable material for his rugged voice . John Entwhistle harnessed melodic , ostinato-free bass figures with brass sections and his sardonic sense of humor in several albums , but could not sustain commercial viability . Only Pete Townshend possessed sufficient artistry and imagination to craft exciting , affecting songs in his own right.If there had ever been any doubts , it became clear in later years that The Who had been Pete Townshend 's band all along . The tensile strength in Townshend 's direct , introspective writing embodied thoughtful vulnerability even as his music summoned thunder . The Who wanted their performances to be seen and felt as much as heard . Their decibel level pressurized eardrums and their stage antics - with the windmill guitar chords , the amplifiers pounded for feedback , and the furious destruction of guitars and drum kits - suggested rage shrugging off restraint.The band members were notoriously fractious . In their interviews , Daltry and Townshend are candid about their difficulties in working together , as well as their personal weaknesses , creative failures , and affection for intoxicating substances . `` Six Quick Ones '' is designed to be complementary with `` The Story of The Who . '' It covers some of the same material , including some of the same interviews and documentary footage . Where the first film presents a chronological history of The Who , the second is organized into six segments -LRB- plus bonus material -RRB- bringing into focus each of the band 's four members , a study of the group 's conceptual framework and art school influences , and a recording session that spotlights The Who as constituted in 2003 . All writing about music suffers from being naturally unmusical . Its purpose is typically critical , expository , or promotional . Even if it were cast in lyric poetry with inspired phonemes and complex rhythms , it would still be language , absent melodic pitch , timbre , harmony , and sonic dimension . This review of `` Amazing Journey '' can offer only arid sentiment and parched opinion . The DVDs invite the viewer with a thirst for The Who or for the popular music of the '60s and '70s to sip cool draughts straight from the wellspring .
 Count me in the non-fan camp , though I do appreciate the musical contributions of John Entwhistle , Keith Moon and , to a lesser extent , Pete Townsend . Even Roger Daltrey 's singing , which I have found to be an acquired taste , comes through here as eloquent in his old age . The main film recounts the band 's storied history , but I found the extras most interesting , especially the four bios of the band members , detailing where they stand in rock history . I really liked the footage of the current two band members recording a new song with Zak Starkey on drums and the bass player from ELP . Quite revealing of their methods . The Who were four lead players all together at once in their heyday , which made for exciting live shows , even if the ` rock operas ' were a bit overrated and bloated at times .
 whats wrong with this packaging?what 's wrong with these people?compare this cover shot to the british one of the very same title , you might as well do it right here below on this very page , clicking the UK store link.it 's a matter of ... err package , actualy more the loss of it , or maybe just being ridiculously prudish.as church lady would put it
 In my opinion , `` The Kids are Alright '' it the best rock documentary ever . And that 's because as originally presented , the material it covers and the way it handles the material is expert , right on the button , smoothly flowing , exciting , and informative , explosive stuff.But then , what happens ? Well , if your music/rock-music appreciation is worth its salt at all , you want more , and in the case of the WHO , much , much more . And that 's exactly what you get in this package
 Just picked this 3 disc set up at best Buy , a week earlier than stated release date , It includes a bonus disc from Chicago ' 79 . Will post review after I view it .
 There is no denying that there is a good message and a big heart behind the documentary `` Bag It . '' At a mere 79 minutes , the film raises a lot of points about the dangers of plastics from a number of different angles -LRB- pollution , resource management , questionable chemical additives -RRB- . By no means is `` Bag It '' the first or the last film that will cover this familiar terrain . But while I am very familiar with all of the arguments that the film raises , the movie offers a unique and appealing everyman guide in narrator Jeb Berrier . One of my common complaints in environmental documentaries is that they can tend to lack focus . With so much wrong in the world today , they can bludgeon the viewer with doom and gloom -LRB- and instead of inspiring me to act , they sometimes make me feel defeated by the futility of it all -RRB- . So I was pleasantly surprised for most of `` Bag It '' as Berrier -LRB- and filmmaker Suzan Beraza -RRB- delineated their focus so specifically . As a practical and comprehensive argument against single use plastic containers -LRB- such as the ubiquitous grocery bag -RRB- , it may well be the best documentary of its kind that I 've seen -LRB- and I 've seen a lot -RRB- ! Beraza 's piece won me over completely as Berrier starts his quest to discover the harms caused by something as innocuous as a simple grocery bag . The film succeeds in establishing the ecological harms of single use plastic . The affects of this limitless waste is well supported and the trauma caused to our oceans and wildlife is particularly haunting . It makes a compelling case that the use of money and resources to create this product serves no particular purpose and is a real -LRB- but silent -RRB- drain on the economy . It offers some alternatives for personal use , as well as some larger examples of communities that have taken action . It also paints a convincing picture of big business -LRB- especially the plastic bag lobby -RRB- as unscrupulous villains . As no one from that side of the industry is represented -LRB- they refused to participate -RRB- , the film may seem one-sided -- but the logic behind its arguments is rather self-evident . As I said , the beginning of `` Bag It '' is so convincing due to its specificity , it may rank as one of the most effective pieces that I 've seen about the topic . But the movie veers away from its course during its last third and presents a new argument having nothing to do with single use plastic . We switch stream to unravel the potential dangers inherent in the chemicals used to treat everyday plastic items . This is a very real concern as well and one that needs to be explained and explored in depth . While important , it muddied the waters of what had been a strong call-to-arms . What was so unique about `` Bag It '' is that it made such a compellingly focused piece about an issue that could be changed tomorrow if we all committed to it . Still the film is both entertaining and enlightening and an easy recommendation . KGHarris , 2/12 .
 I see that there are already 18 other reviews of this 78-minute film from 2010 posted so I 'll try not to rehash the info already provided . This documentary starts out discussing the `` plastic bag '' and its impact on the environment but also covers plastics in general -LRB- packaging , baby bottles and toys , plastic lined cans , etc -RRB- and the need to recycle . The `` host '' is Jeb Berrier , a guy who looks and acts like Michael Moore . At first it looks like HE is the person who created the film as Director and writer , but you will see in the credits that the Director is Suzan Beraza and the writer is Michelle Curry Wright . -LRB- Neither is shown -RRB- . So , honestly , I do n't know if Berrier is telling his own story or if this is a `` plot device '' to present this important issue . But it works . And , later in the film Berrier turns from his Michael Moore mode to his Morgan Spurlock -LRB- `` Super Size Me '' -RRB- mode to try to eat as many foods containing Phalytes -LRB- sp ? -RRB- as he can.The interviews are with both environmentalists and authors of books on recycling . And the Director cleverly inserts scenes from TV shows and old movies . The soundtrack is great too . -LRB- I wonder if there is a soundtrack album , but I do n't think so . -RRB- The bonuses do n't add a lot -LRB- and the six `` bonuses '' do n't amount to much more than 10 minutes total -RRB- . And , as you 'd expect , the DVD is packaged in a recyclable foam cardboard package . This is good idea but , oddly , that package is enclosed in an additional slipcase -LRB- totally unnecessary -RRB- , which will add to more trash . Go figure!I hope you found this review both informative and helpful.Steve Ramm `` Anything Phonographic ''
 There is no denying that there is a good message and a big heart behind the documentary `` Bag It . '' At a mere 79 minutes , the film raises a lot of points about the dangers of plastics from a number of different angles -LRB- pollution , resource management , questionable chemical additives -RRB- . By no means is `` Bag It '' the first or the last film that will cover this familiar terrain . But while I am very familiar with all of the arguments that the film raises , the movie offers a unique and appealing everyman guide in narrator Jeb Berrier . One of my common complaints in environmental documentaries is that they can tend to lack focus . With so much wrong in the world today , they can bludgeon the viewer with doom and gloom -LRB- and instead of inspiring me to act , they sometimes make me feel defeated by the futility of it all -RRB- . So I was pleasantly surprised for most of `` Bag It '' as Berrier -LRB- and filmmaker Suzan Beraza -RRB- delineated their focus so specifically . As a practical and comprehensive argument against single use plastic containers -LRB- such as the ubiquitous grocery bag -RRB- , it may well be the best documentary of its kind that I 've seen -LRB- and I 've seen a lot -RRB- ! Beraza 's piece won me over completely as Berrier starts his quest to discover the harms caused by something as innocuous as a simple grocery bag . The film succeeds in establishing the ecological harms of single use plastic . The affects of this limitless waste is well supported and the trauma caused to our oceans and wildlife is particularly haunting . It makes a compelling case that the use of money and resources to create this product serves no particular purpose and is a real -LRB- but silent -RRB- drain on the economy . It offers some alternatives for personal use , as well as some larger examples of communities that have taken action . It also paints a convincing picture of big business -LRB- especially the plastic bag lobby -RRB- as unscrupulous villains . As no one from that side of the industry is represented -LRB- they refused to participate -RRB- , the film may seem one-sided -- but the logic behind its arguments is rather self-evident . As I said , the beginning of `` Bag It '' is so convincing due to its specificity , it may rank as one of the most effective pieces that I 've seen about the topic . But the movie veers away from its course during its last third and presents a new argument having nothing to do with single use plastic . We switch stream to unravel the potential dangers inherent in the chemicals used to treat everyday plastic items . This is a very real concern as well and one that needs to be explained and explored in depth . While important , it muddied the waters of what had been a strong call-to-arms . What was so unique about `` Bag It '' is that it made such a compellingly focused piece about an issue that could be changed tomorrow if we all committed to it . Still the film is both entertaining and enlightening and an easy recommendation . KGHarris , 2/12 .
 Watch it and pass it on to friends . Bag it is so informative that I can guarantee it will change your life . If your a science teacher this movie is a must buy &#8230;
 We just finished watching this for homeschool science . What an eye-opener . I wish I had known this information years earlier , but like Jeb said , it 's never too late to start changing . I really appreciate the practical ideas at the end of the movie . It makes me feel like I can make a difference . Everyone should see this movie .
 This movie will change how you look at plastics , in general , not just bags . It was well done and not ` preachy ' at all . I would love to have plastic bags banned in my city but we are small and slow to change . I wish everyone could see this movie !
 Highly recommend this documentary ! I bought when it first came out on DVD , and I share it with friends and loved ones any chance I get . The most important aspect of watching a documentary such as this one , is to apply the information . While some plastic has some very valuable use , it is the single use plastics that I make a keen and constant effort to avoid using . We just have to re-train ourselves to be more aware that all or our actions do matter and aim for the highest benefit of ALL .
 Jeb Barrier is a likeable , interested guy who presents a serious subject in an enjoyable way . This is a well done examination of our plastic bag use , some attempts to curtail it and reasons why we must .
 A very good documentary . Good research on a topic all people should be aware of.This would have gotten a 5 Star except for some crude attempts at humor that I do not recall being cautioned of .
 I wish I could here and learn more about how much of a negative impact plastics and daily use products and food affects the human biology and the environment.Theres so much !!! It 's no bull how harmful all these things are that mostly everybody uses daily ... and how bad the disposal of all these things are for the planet.The characters make it entertaining and funny which lightens the load of sad affairs .
 A great documentary !! It really opened my eyes and changed my look on plastic bags and their effect on the environment . I now yell at all my family and friends when they get a plastic bag at the store !! A very helpful documentary !! Everyone should see it !!!!
 This is a must-see film for anyone that wants to learn more about the impact of plastics on our environment and in our bodies ! Many documentaries like this are boring , too long , and only paint a dismal future . BagIt , on the other hand , is entertaining , funny , engaging , and leaves the viewer inspired to take action ! I 've watched the film several times and notice and learn something new each time . It 's a wonderful , accessible story and I highly recommend it .
 `` Bag It ! ' is not doom and gloom , but rather encouraging and uplifting . The film is not preachy . It is not fatalistic . It is thoughtful and funny , while being informative and eye-opening . The film gives us all some easy things to do in order to help reduce our use of `` single use '' plastic containers . The soundtrack is really good too .
 I first saw this movie at a film festival in Winona , MN and it literally changed my life ! I could n't stop talking about it with others , I bought it from their website and started showing the film to EVERYONE . It 's very entertaining and taught me more about recycling , plastic , and myself than anything I 've seen or heard before It 's amazing what we do n't know and what is hidden or disguised on packaging and items we use everyday . I would highly recommend watching this movie even if you think you know all there is to know about being eco-friendly ! All-in-all it 's entertaining and eye opening . LOVE IT and I love that I 'm now more aware of the consequences of my actions and a plastic water bottle costs more than you think . BAN PLASTIC BAGS
 Bag It is by far the best tool I have seen for positive change on an individual level yet!Jeb is great , taking us along for the ride towards his pursuit for a more plastic free life , sharing much more than just stats , he makes the information accessible to all in an informative and entertaining way . You will not feel overwhelmed or depressed after watching this film . You may feel a bit angry , but mostly empowered about moving towards a more plastic free life . Great sound track , graphics , humor , & important information . You will be entertained and educated , and your kids will enjoy it too.You might as well invite all your friends and family over when you watch it , because after seeing it , you will want to share it with everyone you know !
 This film changed how I live my life.It educated , informed and scared me into being so anti-plastic that I now have a reputation -LRB- that I am proud of -RRB- for my views and attitudes towards reusing , recycling and avoiding plastic.The information is presented in a somewhat humorous way , but hard hitting with the facts of how plastic is leaching into the very souls of our lives . If you care about this planet , it 's oceans and it 's future , please watch this film . Buy a copy of it for every pregnant woman and parents of small children you know .
 One of the best documentaries I have seen . Why ? Because it uses humor and facts to make it 's point . If you have ever wondered why people care about plastic pollution and what each of us can do about it every day , this film is for you . If you do n't care about the issue this film is a must see !
 This amazing film provokes thought and awareness regarding our role in being good stewards of the earth . Interesting and well done . A must see for everyone .
 Saw this movie two years ago and immediately put my own life under the microscope . Have n't bought/used a plastic bag or single use water bottle since -LRB- besides after a brief experiment with a steripen in third world countries ... yech -RRB- . Seems like a movie about plastic would be boring , but Beraza and Berrier keep it really entertaining with humor and a great soundtrack throughout !
 The subject matter of Bag It is compelling , heartbreaking , and urgent . Jeb Berrier is funny and endearing . All in all , the film has great entertainment value . However , it 's also a call to action - you wo n't be able to stop thinking about this film and our global `` plastic problem '' once you see it . I highly recommend it .
 This story/documentary is delightful in its presentation . The energy and genuineness comes through loud and clear . I have recommended it to every grocery store worker I have come across since . When I teach again , this will be in my syllabus . No matter what the class . This is a good way to share the problem of plastic consumption in the world . I continue to be haunted by the dead albatross , and have been ever so careful of my own contribution to the problem since I saw this film .
 Some people are hard to convert to recycling . Take my wife , for example . She 's a hard case . If it 's convenient , she 's for it -- unless of course it 's destroying innocent living creatures and pushing endangered species like sea turtles and marine birds over the edge into extinction.This movie gives the facts -- the eye-glazing numbers of bags , the tons of pollutants , the size and constituents of the plastic gyres whirling in the sea -- but it 's the images that get you
 Although this is a difficult topic that points straight at one of our more disastrous habits , the film still manages to to be light-hearted , full of hope , and dare I say hilarious ? Pointed and thoughtful , but also fun to watch .
 This movie is excellent . It is disturbing and did make me cry but is inspirational and has humor too . If you are thinking of having a baby WATCH THIS MOVIE FIRST . You may prevent your baby from all kinds of major troubles including autism .
 This movie changed my life . BagIt opened my eyes to so many ways in which I can reduce plastic usage and waste . It is a funny , non-preachy , educational and informative movie that will make you think about our plastic world . I can not stop telling people about the movie . It is coming to Netflix on March 27 , 2012 but is also worth owning . I have watched it several times -LRB- with friends and family -RRB- and each time I take away a different fact or quotable quote . Everyone should see it !
 Bag It has to be one of the better documentaries regarding the human footprint on the planet . The focus is , of course , plastic , but plastic use is so ubiquitous that it deals with issues of sustainability , toxicity , energy consumption , recycling , the consumer culture , wildlife conservation , ocean health , landfills , and more.In Bag It , you follow Jeb Berrier as he explores his role as a plastic consumer , and then the obstacles he faces as he attempts to decrease his plastic consumption . It 's a well designed , folksy film . And it ends with suggestions on how the viewers -LRB- that 's us -RRB- can reduce their consumption and disposal of plastics . Oh , and that 's both internal and external consumption - yuck!It 's hard to watch this film without wanting to do ... something ! So go do it .
 This documentary is a must see ! It is funny and interesting , not dry to watch at all . I show it each semester to my high school Earth & Environmental Science students . They love it and find it very motivating . I do n't have my high schoolers read this , but a good companion book to this movie is `` Slow Death by Rubber Duck '' by Rick Smith and Bruce Lourie.Slow Death by Rubber Duck
 This is the type of movie you will want to share with everyone you know . We have used more plastic.in the last decade than in the entire century prior .
 The statistics in this movie are staggering and I 'll never look at plastic the same way . This documentary sheds light on the plastics industry and how horribly dependent the world has become on single-use plastics . It also provides hope and highlights progress in banning plastic bags . Very well-done . I bought this movie as stocking stuffers for friends and family .
 I saw this film on TV last year and it was fantastic . Some great ideas , great points and completely worth owning . It 's a thoughtful film that will hopefully get people thinking about all the plastics in their lives . In case you 're worried it 's a boring hippie documentary that will put you to sleep , I assure you , it 's not ! It will make you laugh , cringe , and -LRB- hopefully -RRB- change the way you view your world .
 I have learned more about the world from this show and these two magician/comedians than from any of my teachers .
 I enjoyed the sarcasm and the factual presentation put on in the show . It was very informative and showed both sides to the issue .
 Penn and Teller do not understand about the `` Soul '' and `` Soulish realm `` What I am actually doing on that film is `` Mass Deliverance . `` They should have done more homework on the subject .
 I bought this for my mother who has cancer.This is a powerful film that documents the underlying reasons why the medical establishment pushes drugs , chemotherapy and radiation for the treatment of cancer and not only dismisses alternative healing but the medical insurance companies wo n't even cover alternative therapy . The reason ? There 's no MONEY in treatments that actually eradicate disease !
 This has got to be # 1 on my list of must see movies for all of us , overweight , overworked or whatever . I promise you I know first hand that the info in this movie will POSITIVELY save your life !!!
 A well researched documentary , with a great insight into cancer treatment.This should be viewed by anyone considering traditional cancer treatment , with an open mind , or anyone just looking for more information.Get to know it before the &#34; dying &#34; part kicks in .
 This movie or documentary helped my wife and I to start eating healthier , and to share this movie with others.Hoping they will discover a cure for their ailments .
 I sure wish that everyone would watch this , it amazing what the right diet can do for your body ! I give this one a 5 star !
 Love this documentary - very informative and eye opening to the harm we do to our bodies on a daily basis just by eating processed foods
 should be broadcast on worldwide television ... It is the answer to the worlds health problems . This needs to be watched by Doctors .
 I think the entire world needs to see this movie . It is packed with some of the most important information that man kind would ever need to know about food and cancer and THE TRUTH .
 This is a very interesting documental . It looks like they are showing hard evidence that cancer and other major degenerative diseases can be cured with the Gerson Therapy . My father in law died of lung cancer some years ago . This would have saved him I suppose . We have some other family members that have other diseases and we will try to apply this therapy and see if it works . Will keep you posted .
 Highly recommend this DVD ! Very inspirational . Have know of -LRB- through a patient -RRB- and researched the Gerson Therapy for almost 20 years and yet still found this is to be a wonderful , informative DVD .
 This was a really powerful movie . Very well done . It explores the Gerson therapy and the narrator interviews many conventional doctors as well . I went right home and juiced a carrot/apple/greens drink ! He makes an excellent case for food based health care as opposed to the traditional chemical based health care that we have in this country . I did not want the movie to end , it was so enjoyable .
 This is a powerful film that documents the underlying reasons why the medical establishment ONLY pushes drugs , chemotherapy and radiation for the treatment of cancer and not only dismisses alternative healing but the medical insurance companies wo n't even cover alternative therapy . The reason ? There 's no MONEY in treatments that actually eradicate disease ! There 's simply too much money to be made in the cancer industry ! This is a chilling reminder that ignorance is not bliss ! The American Medical Association and the National Cancer Society are merely organizations to ensure that the truth does n't get out ! They are in place to CAPITALIZE on the cancer BUSINESS ! Truly a life changing film ! I prepared myself a fresh fruit smoothie after watching it !
 Like the other reviewers I have started vegetable juicing since watching this movie . So the movie is convincing and informative enough to cause a change in lifestyle just by watching for 1 1/2 . That 's pretty impressive . I have been interested in `` alternative '' health information for 20 + years but had never directly learned about Max Gerson and his work . In hindsight I am incredulous that such an important and exhaustive body of work has eluded me . This DVD along with it 's ` companion ' piece `` A Beautiful Truth '' presents the story quickly and well . Well or Sick , EVERYONE SHOULD SEE THIS MOVIE AT LEAST ONCE IN THEIR LIFETIME . Now is better than later . As an aside , A Beautiful Truth and Dying To Have Known both appear to have been produced by the same people and at the same time and either one can present the story . Each has some unique information and some similar/overlap .
 What an excellent investigative video ! It 's nice to see someone actually go out and get the whole story regarding healing cancer nutritionally , as is exemplified by the pioneering Gerson therapy , rather than just take a side and ignore the facts . And what Kroschel reveals , slowly but surely as he he travels throughout the world , is that cancer , and just about all other ills , can be healed with the proper diet , which includes juicing , etc.Top proponents as well as top opponents to nutritional therapy are interviewed ; very fair interviews which more often than not leave the opponents looking embarrassingly biased and close-minded , and rightly so . And it appears that most of the bias occurs right here in the USA . Spain is very open to the Gerson therapy , and Japan 's top doctors are now starting to use the Gerson nutritional therapy in various hospitals to cure cancers , with outstanding results!What an indictment of the blindness of the US medical establishment that it may take the success of the nutritional approach in other nations in curing mankind 's health problems to finally force our nation 's health care system to reluctantly do what they should have done all along
 The AMA has suppressed the Gerson Therapy because cancer is very profitable . But what is amaziing is that when cancer patients switch to an organic vegetarian diet with lots of fresh-squeezed organic juice , their cancers go away.The film is beautifully shot , perfectly edited , and conveys a powerful message for all of us -- whether we suffer from cancer or not -- about the miraculous healing power of fruits and vegetables .
 You will be very startled at what you hear on this DVD backed by doctors who have experienced this therapy on themselves . Gerson was poisoned with Arsenic because of what he was trying to do ... reveal that natural ways can and do improve degenerative diseases and in many cases cure them .
 This is a powerful documentary about the Gerson Therapy and how it 's cancer cure has been -LRB- and still is -RRB- suppressed in the USA.The cancer industry does not want you to know that you can prevent and reverse cancer and other diseases through a healthy diet which consists of organic fruits and vegetables . There 's too much money to be made from chemotherapy , radiation , surgery and patented drugs for cancer patients and it 's just not profitable to market fruits and vegetables that can not be patented.This documentary shows opinions from both sides , those in favor of the Gerson Therapy and those against.Dr . Dean Edell , Dr. Wallace Sampson and Dr. Stephen Barrett who are against the Gerson Therapy , dismisses the Gerson Therapy as quackery.On the other side , to name a few
 This film will change your life for the better . If you or anyone you know has a degenerative disease such as cancer , MS , or heart disease , or if you simply want to prevent developing one , this movie opens the doors on a ton of incredible information , as well as sheds light on the fact that many corporations and special interest cancer groups want this information suppressed in the name of preserving the status quo and , of course , big profits . As the movie states
 Great film
 The Gerson Therapy represents the courage and unselfishness of one man , Dr. Max Gerson , to help the world with their fight against all disease . The fact that this information has been suppressed , plagurized and kept from the general public by our medical community and its associations is absolutely criminal and if our government was n't so corrupt , it would be corrected as it should 've been when Dr. Gerson presented it to our Senate many , many years ago.Japan is using it and so is Europe to cure cancer and many other diseases and yet most of the people in America are still having chemotherapy presented to them as though it 's the only way to cure cancer .
 Every time I watch one of these alternative medicine documentaries I find myself wondering why everyone I know is not watching them because the content is that valuable . This is just another well thought out and well done documentary in a long string of great docs that have come out in the past 5 years . I just ordered the Gerson book and can not wait to study it . Good luck to everyone , and enjoy the good health that natural therapies bring !
 This thoughtful and inspiring documentary follows the 2 month quest of an investigatorinto the simple question - Why are cancer and other healing therapies SUPPRESSED bythe USA medical industry , and the laws of our land?The filmmakers do a respectful job even in the face of this reprehensiblesubject -LRB- a medical and food system that actually poisons instead of heals !! -RRB- and the sometimes vile characters who work behind the scenes to detract fromtruth and well being in the name of greedy profit.There is a journey and a story here , with some twists and turns , so I wo n't bea spoiler - this film , which takes the creators all over our country , and overseasto other countries , and to Japan - will deliver a powerful , well researched messageas it unfolds before your eyes . I invite you to raise your consciousnessin the name of the health and well being of yourself , friends , and family .
 This DVD deserves 5 stars , but I hesitate to give it that because the intro I found was poorly done . I tried watching this video a couple of months ago but could n't get past the first 20 minutes - I found it slow paced and boring . Fast forward to yesterday , I watched - The Beautiful Truth - which I think is a much better introduction to the Gerson Therapy and a plant-based DIEt in my view . I will be giving that video 5 stars.After watching TBT I was motivated to watch Dying to Have Known to completion . And it was not a disappointment.I especially enjoyed the trips to the Netherlands and Japan -LRB- Big traveler here -RRB- for other viewpoints on using the Gerson Therapy . After the first 20 minutes , things pick up and get more interesting.Planning to watch the Gerson Miracle soon . I 'll say that there is n't much point in spending too much time trying to convince some of the skeptics -LRB- Other than to point out their viewpoint -RRB- - for FEAR -LRB- From protecting the EGO/PRIDE -RRB- stops many people from accepting new ideas . History has been like that . PRIDE goes before the fall ... our school systems -LRB- And all those years of medical school I imagine -RRB- instills fear & shame of failure and being wrong . When if it were the reverse and BEING WRONG was accepted and encouraged as a path to learning ... there would be less distortion due to people being more flexible in their thinking patterns . In this case on the validity of making DIEt changes and forgoing fancy named drugs and giant machines that spew out radiation.We live in a left brain dominated world ... and this reflects itself in the medical establishment ... never mind profits to be made . The left brain is `` single-minded , '' and not wholistic as the right brain is . A book - also related to DIEt gives insights on this reason -- Left in the Dark.If one enjoys learning about the Gerson Therapy as an alternative to cancer/chronic diesease/multiple sclerosis/cavity healing/etc ... treatment ... I would recommend numerous other videos on looking behind the facade of modern food production and how food affects our mind and body . Garbage in , garbage out.Videos - Our Daily Bread , King Corn , Food , Inc. , McLibel , Killer at LargeAlso learning about how STRESS and it 's affect on our body/mind - NatGeo Stress
 It 's time to here the truth in order to make the necessary changes in your life before it 's to late . If you do n't want to loose your health , or if your have health issure , this DVD will give you guidance to healing yourself . I do n't use the doctors in the US any more . This DVD has change my life .
 Why stay in the dark about the way drugs are pushed onto the public and the truth about how to heal yourself - read this book ...
 What a wonderful DVD . Very informative and interesting . It convinced me of the benefit of juicing . I already knew about the conspiracy going on with doctors and cancer . In fact I 'm disgusted with HMO 's and doctors already . I think it 's every man for himself regarding his health . Every woman too . I watched the full documentary on line then purchased it to share with friends and loved ones . Very enlightening
 I have been on a whole foods plant based , mostly raw diet now , for a week . I have never felt better in my life ! I am happy and frustrated at the same time , seeing this film . Mostly because the answers are here , but everyone is making a profit out of people 's illnesses . I am a nurse by profession . An oncology nurse now for 11 years . I hope more and more people will take responsibility for their health , make the hard yet right choices to support our environment instead of destroying it , enjoy their lives and be happier , live longer .
 Considering the damning message of our allopathic medicine system here in the U.S. I am shocked that this DVD is available for viewing . I was totally clueless about all of this and have spent the last month watching other DVDs on the same subject matter furthering my scope of knowledge . This information is spreading like wildfire in my universe . Life for us will NEVER be the same.Knowledge is power and that has never been truer than with this topic.For those who also want to learn more I HIGHLY recommend : HEALING CANCER from the inside out . You 'll excuse please as I hear my new juicer beckoning !
 This should be required viewing for all ... it will open your eyes ... NOW is the time to educate yourself about Cancer and your alternatives ... inform yourself , your loved ones , and friends with this excellent amazing video !!!
 I do n't have cancer . I do n't know anyone who has cancer . Even though we have an organic lifestyle , I 'm deathly afraid of getting it and having to make a difficult decision between conventional or alternative therapy . After watching this movie , the choice is clear . But even beyond that , we want to adopt the preventative lifestyle . Conventional cancer approaches do n't even address that . It 's not hard to believe that Big Pharma wants you to get sick because cancer is an extremely profitable disease , a topic which is touched upon in this film . Another excellent point in this film is the old adage of `` follow the money '' - it leads you to answer questions like the why behind the closed-mindedness of conventional doctors and their unwillingness to even consider the validity of alternatives . After seeing this , I 've ordered Gerson 's book and I am very much looking forward to reading it .
 Packed with great information . A must see for everyone . I 'm not sure if the people who gave this one star expected this dvd to actually heal them - get off your bottom and do further research if anything is not clear . I also recommend The Beautiful Truth just as much as this documentary . Best wishes !
 Very educating & informative DVD , I highly recommend it especially for people with health problems.Could be a little more informative on names of food .
 a good movie that gives you a wider understanding of your health and the state of the health system and the bulling of that system to the natural alternatives .
 This documentary is important for everyone who seeks better health . Althought it focuses on cancer , it would seem this approach helps the body restore balance which , as a result , will throw off whatever issue is creating an upset in health . The stories of those who have recovered is the best part . If someone is still alive 50 years after a cancer diagnosis , you ca n't agrue with that . Who needs more `` proof '' than a person who is alive and talking right in front of you years after they were given a death sentence ?
 This was a very enlightening documentary !! I will definitely watch more on his documentaries . I will also do some more research on Gerson Therapy and the facility . If you have cancer or know anyone battling cancer you should watch this movie !!!!
 Very informative , it opens a healthy discussion in the medical community , or at least within the mind of critical thinking people who do not freely swallow the information of our establishment -LRB- s -RRB- ... Thank you .
 A thoroughly enjoyable documentary , well crafted & edited , with a great story line . Presenting the Gerson Therapy , a system of preparing raw & cooked foods for maximum health & cancer curing , the filmmakers studies lead him around the country & to Japan to interview both the naysayers & the proponents of this controversial diet . Wonderful juxtaposition of the establishment doctor `` experts '' -LRB- who have little nutrition education & are perhaps funded by food industry giants -RRB- with the Gerson doctors , who have collected massive data on nutrition & the healing of many diseases with a plant-based diet.Dr . Max Gerson was a German doctor who began studying nutrition in the 1920s . He documented over 50 cases of curing cancers with his method of an organic raw food diet that cured -LRB- s -RRB- many cancers . His assistant turned out to be a spy -LRB- hired by another rogue doctor -RRB- who stole his manuscript of 50 Case Studies -LRB- of cancer cures -RRB- & poisoned him with arsenic . Dr. Gerson realized the manuscript was missing & he was feeling poorly , so he fired the person & then figured out he was poisoned by arsenic and cured himself well enough to spend the next two years recreating his manuscript , & then died from the effects of the poison . His daughter Charlotte got the manuscript published in 1958 and she has been carrying on his work in her San Diego clinic ever since . The Japanese are building two clinics based on the Gerson method , as they are more open to alternative methodologies.I quickly bought the other related films on the Gerson 's & I am reading the 50 Case Studies now . I also read The China Study by Dr. T. Colin Campbell cover to cover , which changed his diet and I changed mine as well . I have cut my triglycerides in half in 3 months & do n't have to go on cholesterol lowering medicine . Yay ! My doctor was astounded & said to keep doing it .
 Dr. Gerson was ahead of his time . Now basic research is discovering more and more of the reasons why his therapy would work . William Li and Dean Ornish had TED videos worth watching . Dr. Li shows the potent anti-angiogenesis properties of many plants . Dr. Ornish shows the quick genetic changes after a change in diet . There is more to be discovered , but there is no doubt that Max Gerson was a great true healer .
 amazing and somehow not surprising , the oil and gas companies are owning everything , including energy that is `` free '' . so now its the health care too , killing us softly . what next ? watch it and educate yourself . highly recommended .
 This is just one of many methods that are being hushed . It 's sad . Using common sense will take you further than you can imagine . Think about all the chemicals and the way animals are raised anymore . It 's not right . Raising things without chemicals , pesticides , and cruel confinement are what we need to look for .
 and this was another jewel . Many of Coogan 's characters are n't that familiar to U.S. audiences so this was a trove of unexpected fun . Hope I can see him live and in person someday .
 Okay , so maybe it 's not quite the classic that `` Shaun '' is , but this is a really , really fun horror comedy . I rent all the video store horror movies and it is rare that one comes along that 's as good as `` Suck . '' Well-shot , well-acted , great story , `` Suck '' feels like it 's taunting critics with its title , but then it turns out to be a really solid film with what I thought would be just your typical blink-and-you 'll - miss-them cameos until it turns out that Alice Cooper , Iggy Pop , Henry Rollins -LRB- who is HILARIOUS -RRB- and Alex Lifeson are all just characters in the movie . Who knew Lifeson was so funny?The best thing about `` Suck '' is that while it 's a good vampire comedy , it 's also a play on indie band cautionary tale movies that has a few salient and pointed things to say about fame but is never overbearing or preachy.I would really recommend this movie to horror fans . It 's really entertaining and a lot of fun and you can really feel the makers ' love of both horror and rock-n-roll .
 a couple of posters have made comparison to rocky horror . thought this movie was better . alice cooper is on-screen for more than just a cameo and adds something to the mix . also a good performance by malcolm mcdowell as the vampire hunter . this is one of those movies that people have barely heard about now but will gain momentum as time passes . it 's on my halloween shelf to watch yearly at this point .
 Sorry . I could n't think of a non-cheesy title for the review.So Suck is pretty under-the-radar at this point . It might end up being one of those movies that the trendy dudes talk about knowing about BEFORE it was popular though . For a low-budget movie it looks really great and has a great cast and fantastic rock legends for cameos and small roles . McDowell is great as `` Eddie VanHelsing . '' As are Alice Cooper , Iggy Pop and Henry Rollins to name just a few of the rockers in the movie . But the primary cast is also really good . The star of the movie is also the writer/director and he does a very good job playing the `` straight man '' as it were . The humor is pretty spot on and flows naturally . The only thing keeping the movie from being really great is the pacing and the conclusion . The pacing is sort of all over the place and does n't build to a worthwhile climax . And the end of the movie is just a little underwhelming . Almost like the writer/director/star knew he had to come up with something after the climax , but ran out of steam before he got there . And even though it is a comedy , I would have liked to have seen some moral repercussions for the main characters.But it 's still a very enjoyable movie , and if you 're a rock aficionado you 'll love pointing out cameos from veteran rockers since just about every minor and bit role is filled by a rock star . Suck should be enjoyed by groups of friends , or better yet , bandmates .
 4 Stars = ClassicI 've been running into some great Vampire films lately out there underneath the bats radar , & 2009 Canadian film , `` Suck , '' is no exception . Clever , cutting edge Vampire comedy , with a drop of musical in it , about a struggling nowhere rock band , who turns into Vampires & finds success . Yes , this plot line has been used before , but never quite like this , as hilarious black comedy abounds , with imaginative twists on rock n ' roll life on the road & Vampires!You got to love a film that features surprisingly great , funny , witty appearances by , Alice Cooper , Iggy Pop , & Henry Rollins . A surprising , I 'd never know it was Alex Lifeson of Rush , as a gung-ho US boarder patrol officer , LOL ! Moby , as Buffalo , NY 's , biggest rock star ego is a hoot as `` Beef , '' the lead singer for a band who fans throw raw meat at while performing ! How about Malcolm McDowell as EVH , that is , Eddy Van Helsing . Funny stuff ! Then there is Dimitri Coats , as the Vampire who starts this all , who looks like Johnny Depp 's `` Mad Hatter '' character on steroids , turned Vampire , which makes for a pretty convincing bloodsucker!Wink 's & nod 's abound in this film to rock culture & Vampire lore . You have to watch intently to catch them all , & `` Hugo '' the roadie for the band as a Renfield type character about steals the show!This film does not take it 's self seriously , & you should n't either , otherwise the whole point will be missed , that point is fun ! You have to stick with it , as it gets funnier as it progresses , & Director , Rob Stefaniuk is one to watch!For lovers of Vampires with a wicked since of humor , you 'll suck this one up !
 A giddy , goofy piece of rock and roll camp that delivers on all counts , from the homages to classic rock albums and pictures to the cameos from Moby , Henry Rollins , Iggy Pop , Alice Cooper , Alex Lifeson , `` Suck '' makes glorious hash of the overworked vampire movie and rock band films . Dave Foley manages `` The Winners , '' a mediocre band that travels in a hearse and ca n't catch a break . That is , until the sexy female bass player gets bit and becomes a goth idol . Before you know it , the band is gaining fans by the thousands , leaving a trail of groupies in their wake and Malcolm McDowell on their trail.There is no real attempt to make this anything but a corny cult flick , even the ` animation ' is hokey . Alice and Iggy are obviously having a blast chewing their parts , and there 's an hysterical inside joke regarding Moby as the lead singer of a rival band . The original songs are just good enough to be Spinal Tapp-ish , but not too bad as to make you graon . The soundtrack itself contains the likes of Lou Reed , Iggy , Cooper , David Bowie and The Burning Brides , and is a true addition to the film . `` Suck '' is exactly the kind of film that should be on the A-List for a few decades ' worth of Halloween parties .
 I borrowed this movie from my local library for a Halloween movie night , and was pleasantly surprised about how good it was.Its a fun , campy movie about a horrible rock band that goes vamp -LRB- and one overworked , loyal roadie -RRB- . Throw in some famous rock star cameos , a creepy semi-master vampire , Malcolm McDowell as a hilariously awful vampire hunter , and MMMmmmmm ... delicious groupies , and you 've got a great movie .
 In the modern world of formulaic , contrived , unoriginal retread movie making there are small gems you find along the road thanks to Amazon and Netflix reviews , I added SUCK to my to see list . I dident have high expectations going into this movie especially with how they felt the need to pander and push the more noticeable names in this movie , seen all over the cover of this movie to attract people attention . This movie will become a classic in the Horror Comedy genre through word of mouth , in my opinion better than Shawn Of The Dead , Doghouse and Idle Hands , this movie was perfectly cast , a completely refreshing original idea . The stylized look of the movie was perfect , even with a bigger budget I could n't imagine changing any of the affects , it plays perfect the way it is . Cheesy stop animation with the opening bat to the car driving through different States , the lighting , colors of the landscape were perfect -LRB- from the purple sky to the glow on stage . Perfectly cast -LRB- from the creepy looking head Vampire to Frenchy the Roadie -RRB- , Not to mention this Movie is really funny , the French Roadie who hacks up the dead bodies for the band is FUNNY AS HELL . I see this movie for what it is ... Cool , Cheesy , Fun , with a Really Good Original Soundtrack , I 'll see this movie a 100 times before I pass away , and maybe my time will come while I 'm watch this movie , laughing my ass off with a pleased smile on my face ... I got ta go I think I got a nose bleed .
 Vampires , rock and roll , Alice Cooper , Iggy Pop , good music , hilarious script . I 've given several copies as gifts . It makes me laugh and laugh .
 Good movie . entertaining movie . thats what its all about . music , vampires . the late Peter Steele would 've made a great vampire in this movie . Jessica Pare is a sexy vamp in the movie and , oh yeah , it includes a few old school rockers as well .
 i just watched suck thinking it was going to be a bad movie but i actually really enjoyed it , its a rock comedy with a cool soundtrack.if your a big vampire movie watcher you have to see this its a must see !
 Suck was an awesome movie . I had low expectations . Usually these kind of horror/comedies are a dime a dozen and very low budget ... usually to the point of making them unwatchable . Unless they have a high budget , these films are usually easily forgotten.With it 's unknown but great acting cast , the LONG LONG LONG list of cameos from the likes of people like ALICE COOPER , HENRY ROLLINS , IGGY POP ... and SO many more , and the great storyline/writing SUCK does what most horror comedies do n't ... DELIVER.In an age where Vampires have become SO popular thanks to teeny bopping Twilight fans -LRB- ick -RRB- , it is refreshing to see a comedic vampire that you can laugh at but still like.I recommend this movie to all who love to laugh , rock -LRB- cause it is filled with awesome music -RRB- , and who want to see something than the NEW stereotypical vampires a ` la ' twilight.Suck is a MUST see .
 Suck is a very fun and clever movie to watch . The story and plot are pretty simple . It 's about a struggling local rock band . One of the members is bitten by a very creepy vampire and turns into one herself . All of a sudden they are more popular than their limited talent would ever had afforded them had she not been bitten . One of the very fun elements of this movie is how they keep `` accidentally '' creating classic album covers . It 's fun to watch for them and figure out who they 're emulating . They also seem to mock a lot of the horror and rock films from the past . I was especailly amused when their drummer dies -LRB- re
 I LUV this movie - especially the `` Winners '' tracks . A nice Goth version on `` White Heat '' - era Velvet Underground . But does anyone know if these songs have been immortalised on CD ? I know the official film site -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- has a link where you can buy downloads via Apple/iTunes but some of us still perfer hard copy .
 1 Blu-Ray disc , released September 28 , 2010 `` Suck '' is a rock vampire comedy written and directed by Rob Stefaniuk who also stars as the lead singer , Joey . The band , The Winners has been around for ten years now and is n't doing so well until Jennifer played by Jessica Par&eacute; leaves one night as a small town girl next door and goes to a party and comes back a pale , vivacious red-head with pale blue eyes . Now their bassist is getting all kinds of attention for being a smokin ' hot vampire onstage and no one can stop staring and cheering . `` Suck '' is like a endless string of really freaky , goth vampire music videos . The soundtrack is a must for getting in the mood for Halloween . This movie is a love letter to music fans with tons of music video homages , references , and a big detour away from sparkly vamps back to scary , goth ones with crazy contacts . There are more rock stars than actors filling up the cast and this could easily become a cult classic for a generation fed up with `` Twilight '' that loves rock . A running joke throughout is anytime the band is complaining about someone , those people `` suck ! '' It 's clearly a dreamy reality throughout where anything can happen like sudden songs in the middle of a scene or crazy jokes like sticking a straw in someone 's neck and drinking them like a slurpee.The band itself besides the lead singer and bassist includes Paul Anthony playing Tyler , Mike Lobel playing Sam , and the most fun is Chris Ratz playing the French Canadian , Hugo with a ridiculous accent who lets Jennifer walk all over him . They all kind of have a thing for her which is amplified by her vamp-hotness , but Hugo is like a lost puppy dog and is more than happy to help dispose of the bodies for her and is often walking around with the blood of her victims all over him . Boy 's going to need some serious therapy someday , hehe . Dave Foley plays their manager and is pretty hilarious in the role of anything to make money . At one point , vampires are drinking a groupie after the show and when he sees she 's still alive , he remarks , `` Oh , you 're still with us , how you doin ? `` This movie is a big who 's who with Iggy Pop , Alice Cooper , Moby , and Henry Rollins to name a few in the supporting cast . Iggy Pop plays Victor , a low key guy who 's out of the scene but still in touch with it and tries to give the band advice and it is n't a far stretch from acting like himself . Alice Cooper plays a bartender/crossroads vampire that appears to lead singer , Joey in his dreams and wears giant black feather wings . Moby plays Beef , this rocker who gets pelted with meat who 's pretty much a jerk and gets what 's coming to him and is pretty far from the easy-going guy he normally is . Henry Rollins is cast perfectly in a fast-talking , smooth radio DJ roll who gets to be a jerk to the band and ad-lib some of his lines -LRB- you can totally tell , it 's classic Henry Rollins ! If you have n't seen his DVDs , it 's a MUST for comedy story-telling ability -RRB- . He also wears an `` interesting '' wig that does n't show up until his last scene when you get to see his whole face.One other subplot in this film is that there is a mysterious man with an eye patch , Eddie Van Helsing played by Malcolm McDowell -LRB- Linderman on `` Heroes '' -RRB- who follows the band across the country to avenge a lost love , looking for information on the Queen vampire played by a VERY freaky-looking Dimitri Coats who turned Jennifer.The style of this movie is pretty awesome and exciting with its lighting choices and switching to slow motion for the vampires makes them look even more alluring than before . One fun stylistic choice is every time the band is traveling in their vehicle , it switches to a stop-motion format.This is a fun , silly movie and is a must see for people who detest sparkly vamps and love rock n ' roll with a comedy twist . Pick it up for Halloween and have some drinks beforehand.Bonus Features : There is a making of featurette that discusses how difficult it is to get everyone on the same page for a movie like this and mixing the music and film . The vampires in motion often switch into a sped-up or slow motion appearance so in scenes where they are singing , they had to do it double-time for it to slow down and sync up to the song . You get to find out who actually sang and played their instruments and who filled in for those who did not . Henry Rollins gives feedback on his character being based on actual people he met in the music business who were jerks and Calico Cooper who plays a barmaid tells a story of the group trying to get through customs telling people they were doing a movie called `` Suck '' and trying to explain it was n't a porno . Also in the bonus features is commentary from writer/director/star Rob Stefaniuk and cinematographer Gregor Hagey where they both talk about how the movie came together , effects and lighting , and how much fun it was to work with some rock legends .
 I am a seller on Amazon , and I had a few copies of Suck , both DVD and Blu-Ray . I watched it sell and kept wondering if it was something that I really wanted to see . I kept passing it off until I had one copy left . With my curiosity getting the best of me , I decided to finally pop it in and watch it . I was greeted with quite a pleasant surprise.Here is a movie that proves that you do n't need a huge budget to make a film entertaining and fun to watch . The basics of the story are this : A down-and-out traveling band , The Winners , are touring across Canada , trying to get a break . Their manager quits them , giving them some poor excuses why , but in the process , tells them that there is a show coming up in the U.S. that will have a lot of important music people in attendance . So we are instantly thrown into a road trip , but not before the bass player , Jennifer , played by the strikingly beautiful Jessica Pare , is turned into a vampire by `` Queenie , '' played quite adeptly by the front man for the band Burning Brides , Dmitri Coats . -LRB- He sort of resembles the comedian Carrot Top as a vampire . -RRB- The leader of the band , Joey Winner , played with heart and depth by Rob Stefaniuk , who also co-wrote and directed the movie , proceeds to guide his band from show to show to eventually reach the big event . On the way , he meets up with Alice Cooper , Iggy Pop , Moby , and Alex Lifeson , among other strange people and settings . The great Malcolm McDowell fits the bill perfectly as Van Helsig , a vampire hunter who carries flashlights around with him because he 's afraid of the dark -- there 's a bit of irony for ya -- and he is hot on their trail . All the while the band is gaining in popularity -LRB- according to the My Space hits and comments -RRB- due mostly to the allure of the bass player , Jennifer . There is no need to go any further into the plot . I do n't want to give too much away.According to the special features , Alice Cooper thought that this movie was a cross between horror , comedy , and musical . I did n't see much comedy here . It seemed to be quite a serious problem that the bass player was a vampire , and the rest of the band , especially the roadie , had to cope with the problem as they traveled . It was definitely more horror and musical than comedy , and the pace of the movie never gave way to a dull moment . I was glued from start to finish.The story was fun and inventive . The acting was n't Oscar caliber , but there was n't any cardboard , William Shatner-type overacting going on either . The direction was exceptional . With the usage of lightning and small special effects , the settings drew you in as if you were part of the crowd in those seedy bars . The character development was also very good . I found myself truly caring for the band-members in The Winners and their plight . The whole package was tied up nicely with a very satisfying ending as well.Suck is not Schindler 's List , but for what it is , what it tries to be , and what it accomplishes in the process , it 's definitely worthy of five stars ! *****
 Somehow , I was a bit hesitant in viewing this . It looked as though it could miss the mark by a long shot , or that it might have been made for a very young crowd , but I was wrong on both counts . This is a horror comedy , -LRB- more comedy than horror -RRB- that is very cool and very hip . It 's actually made for us older rockers and features cameos by the likes of Iggy Pop , Alice Cooper , Moby , et al.This Canadian production centers on a no name rock band who finds their popularity soar as they , one by one , become vampires . It 's full of a lot of in jokes , iconic images and observations about the rock music industry . Malcolm McDowell plays Eddie Van Helsing -LRB- get it ? get it ? -RRB- who follows the band trying to find the opportunity to do them in.The Kids in the hall 's Dave Foley has a smallish part as the bands manager and he does a nice job of being a slimeball . Jessica Pare plays the band 's bass player and the first to turn Vampire . When she 's in full turn , they get her make-up down tight . She looks stunning and makes it evident why the band 's popularity begins to rise . All the other cast members do a really good job.This works on a few levels and is a real hoot . Even most of the songs written for the movie are decent . The only place it lacked a bit was in the cinematography . It was n't at all bad , but it lacked that certain something that could have put it in the big time.If you 're at all a fan of movies like Shaun of the Dead this will probably be right up your alley . Dig it .
 i ordered it on net flix then had to own it , it has a great story and a deep complexity that is delivered lightly and with briliant acting by the likes of Alice Cooper , Iggy Pop and Rollins ! HUZZAH !
 Great for Halloween . Not real bad and not great with a minimum or gore . This is for the over 18 rock / vamp fan . Could be a cult classic in about ten years .
 If you 're a vampster , it 's a wan na put in the collection item . Alice Cooper played multiple roles which I thought was the best parts of the movie . If you do n't like Cooper or B-movies then do n't get it .
 A tongue-in-cheek horror flick with rock stars and a great style . It 's a cleaver , fun , popcorn flick that has more in common with `` Galaxy Quest '' than `` Vampires Suck '' or any other similar lame spoof film . The music 's awesome , the acting 's great , the rock stars hold their own ... especially Alice Cooper and Iggy Pop . I really do n't have anything bad to say about this film . If you like rock music and enjoy fun popcorn flicks then this is your movie !
 Wow . I was actually very impressed with this silly little vamp movie . Got a few laughs and an amazing soundtrack . Although , it is very hard to find the soundtrack ... it is out there . I ca n't really put my finger on why this hit the right spot with me but two thumbs way up.Now , with that being said , there is nothing new here . Not really . Is there ever anything really new ? Just different ways to tell the same story . But it is just cool and has some of my favorite rockers and loved McDowall as usual . It 's just a goofy fun flick with good music . What else can you ask for , for a bit of entertainment ?
 Was n't interested in watching this movie to begin with , but it is awesome !! The music rocks and it is hilarious !! Vampires meet rock & roll !!! Who would n't love it ?! Just give it a shot , if you have ever been in a band , or known someone who is a serious/professional musician , you will most likely greatly appreciate the humor of this film !! watch and enjoy !!!!
 The movie was really fun to watch . It 's not a horror . It 's more in a '' vampire killers '' style , which is really good . More of a comedy and I would n't categorize it as a black comedy . Just open your mind and laugh while watching it . The effects for the movie are also good . I like how they mixed a few styles and put it all together . The plot for the movie is good , but it could be a little predictable to some . Again we have Van Helsing , the vampire hunter , but it 's not all that bad to those who love vampires . Expect some twists in the movie . Too bad they did n't make the soundtrack for the movie as well .
 Suck is really quality comedy more than horror . The soundtrack and music is top notch as well . I am very glad I purchased this based only on a DVD trailer.The story is about a three guy , one girl band called The Winners . Their cheesy manager is leaving them to manage a J-Pop band . The lead singer gets some advice from a mysterious bartender who seems to be able to read his mind . The bass player , Jennifer , meets a stranger who takes her back to his house where she undergoes a strange and non-traditional vampire transformation with no biting involved . Trust me , it works.See this and laugh your head off like me !
 If you 're looking for a hardcore horror flick , this is n't it . What it is is a very fun romp as you follow a struggling band and their quest for relevance . This while dealing with the turmoil that arises from having a member of the band being a blood sucker.Guest appearances from a few rock and roll legends , coupled with some great songs performed as they play gigs , and you 've got a winner .
 This is on the run to become a cult classic !! I already have wathed it over 10 times . -LRB- could be the flowing hair scenes . -RRB-
 I been looking for this everywhere . . Came in on perfect timing . And nothing wrong with them . Thank you alot . Mean alot to me . Keep up the good work .
 I picked this up used because it had Henry Rollins , Iggy Pop , Alice Cooper , and Malcolm McDowell . I was expecting it to be stupid , but was pleasantly surprised . It was for real funny . If you liked This Is Spinal Tap , and dig cheesy vampire flicks , you 'll love Suck .
 With a cast consisting of Alice Cooper and Iggy Pop you know this is going to be a fun ride of a movie . Loved the cast , loved the script , and really loved the ending . Especially enjoyed the bonus features about how the movie became , each actor talking about the film and working with each other past and present .
 I love any movie with Alice Cooper in it . This movie is no exception . Everything that AC does is awesome whether it be music or movies . I ca n't and I wo n't live without Alice . I grew up on his music and movies . This movie shows how intelligent he really is .
 I found the trailer for this movie by accident and was interested enough to rent it . For being a relatively unknown , and low budget movie , its actually decent , and would be the kind of movie that could become a cult hit at some point down the road.The only problem I had was that the first half and second half seem like two different movies in some ways . The first half is funny , but has a serious side that still mostly roots itself in reality when it comes to vampires like any vampire movie . The second half goes the complete opposite direction . Its still funny in its own way , but now people are getting murdered left and right for `` food '' , and blood is everywhere , but there are no consequences . No police and nobody seems to care . Then they become famous as a vampire band and are all over the media like being a vampire is a normal everyday thing . Maybe in the world this movie takes place in vampires were always real , but this was n't the kind of film where they were going to explain the details . The latter part of the movie just seemed to be too off the wall and soured things for me a bit.The music for the movie was good , and the guest rock stars did a good job in their roles , as did the cast . Overall they did a nice job , but I think it should have stayed slightly more serious and rooted in reality than it did . Its definitely worth renting Suck when you want some laughs .
 Great comedy , interesting music , fantastic makeup and a different take on the vampire concept . The cast and the writing was excellent .
 Some people thought that Suck sucked , but I did n't . The film is about the rock ` n ' roll lifestyle and vampires , and the challenges presented to a group of young musicians on tour with a bloodsucker in their midst . The film has relatively low production values , although it makes do fairly well with whatever money there was for some good visual effects , camera techniques , slow-mo and sped-up scenes , great cameos , and lots of blood and gore . It has a fine-tuned and somewhat crackling -LRB- but maybe a bit too hip to be genuine -RRB- screenplay that occasionally indulges in cliche -LRB- the series of famous album covers done in tableau vivant in the first part , for example - see pictures below -RRB- . With all of its cameos , and great songs by Burning Brides - the band of Dmitri Coats , the actor who plays the major vampire Queenie - being played throughout , and the film is probably the most rock ` n ' roll film since Roadkill . But where Roadkill only had a famous cameo by Joey Ramone and Nash the Slash , this one has appearances by Iggy Pop , Alice Cooper , Henry Rollins -LRB- in a really bad mop top/wig -RRB- , Alex Lifeson of Rush , Moby and Carol Pope of Rough Trade -LRB- and also Alice Cooper 's daughter Calico Cooper , and Dave Foley of Kids in the Hall -RRB- . All of these cameos -LRB- except , perhaps , for Carol Pope 's -RRB- are stellar and any one of them is well worth the price of admission on its own , particularly Moby 's as Beef Bellows , the metal singer in the band ` Secretaries of Steak ' -LRB- Moby is well-known as a life-long vegan -RRB- , and Alex Lifeson as a psychotic border guard . Alice Cooper plays an elder vampire , so he 's just as Alice as you want him to be , while Iggy Pop plays it straight as an `` aw shucks '' studio producer who is n't happy seeing our young protagonist making the wrong decisions about the vampire in his band . He 's Jim , and we all love him.One of the more clever moments in the film is the use of footage of Malcolm McDowell , who plays vampire hunter Eddie Van Helsing -LRB- get it ? Eddie Van Halen , Eddie Van Helsing ? -RRB- , in his appearance in `` O Lucky Man ! '' from 1973 to show a young Eddie Van Helsing . Very good , very good .
 It 's really hard to dislike this film , especially when it introduced me to a new band & has so many awesome musicians with cameos in it . Come on ... Alice Cooper makes everything at least 10 % more awesome.The plot is decent enough . A group of never-beens suddenly starts taking off when their token female band member gets turned into a vampire by the uber-yummy Dimitri Coats . The acting is decent & the makeup that went into the vampire effects was pretty good for an indie-ish film . What 's really cool is the splicing in of old Malcolm McDowell footage into the movie in order to show a young Eddie Van Helsing -LRB- McDowell 's character -RRB- rather than hiring a lookalike to shoot the scene . It was cleverly done.But I 'll be honest here
 Awesome movie !!! Saw on cable , and found it at Amazon ... had to buy it . Dimitri Coats is the sexiest vampire ever !!! Love this movie !!!
 great music and story line yes its cheesy cause theres no blockbuster cinematography or special affects but reminds of rocky horror picture show a bit its better than the usual twlight wan na be movies and its a good change from previous vamp movies
 Just like the 80 's when horror movies had a touch of comedy . Not to much , not to little . I loved it !
 If your a big fan of bad or cheesy movies this is for you . If you do n't tend to find the bad movies funny this is n't for you .
 From the acting to the humor to Iggy and Cooper to the music -LRB- ! -RRB- and the whole story line and concept , I just totally enjoy this film . One I 'll watch again and often and as others have indicated - I wish they 'd put all the tunes on a solid CD format versus just seperate downloads off the film 's site !
 Great vampire entertainment for the die hard vamp fans . Great cast of characters and good music . I 'm thinking cult clqassic .
 You just have to see it . The cover says it all - `` the makings of a cult classic '' . Freaking hilarious movie .
 If you liked Rocky Horror ... If you liked Phantom of the Paradise ... this vampire-rock-horror comedy is sure to be the next film in the life-cycle of cult rock films . If the Uniondale Mini Cinema still existed , SUCK would be playing there for midnight showings for the next 5 yrs . Yup ... SUCK is this generation 's rock and roll obsession and its destiny is about to start .
 If you like horror-comedies with cheesy special effects , humorous dialogue and guest appearences by rock musicians you should like this movie . Follow the band the Winners as they decide how far they will go to be successful .
 This was a real surprise . We loved it . Probably , not everyone will . It sort of makes fun of loser musicians and the vampire craze at the same time . I 've seen a lot of vamp movies and read a lot of vamp books , but this one stood out as different and funny . Not bad music , either . Lots of cameos . If you know anything about Canada , that will be a bonus .
 I saw the cover art for this movie and thought it looked cheesy . Now keep in mind that I own over 100 vampire movies , everything from the supremely bad -LRB- Reign in Darkness comes to mind -RRB- to great -LRB- Bram Stoker 's Dracula in my opinion is one of the best -RRB- . I do n't usually care - if it has vampires in it , I will probably buy it . During the last few years I 've tried to curb my collecting down to vampire movies that have some redeeming quality . I had no intention of buying this , until I found it at a local movie rental place that was closing down . It was super cheap since the store was closing down . I am SOO glad I did !!! The movie was funny -LRB- intentionally so -RRB- , well shot , and the cameos from Alice Cooper , Iggy Pop , Moby , and Henry Rollins were great . The movie was done very well - production values were high , so the picture was crisp and clear with good color and lighting . The characters were likeable . Just go into this knowing that its not supposed to be scary , and you 'll have fun .
 I have to say that this movie is right up there with ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW and surpasses it on some levels ! The music is awesome ! Not a single song SUCKS ! Lol ! The acting is really great . It knows when to be cheesy , it knows when to be serious , it knows exactly what it is ! The makeup and hair are very well done throughout and the dialogue is quick and easy to follow . The lead singer of Burning Brides stars as the `` Queen '' Vampire and he is just AWESOME ! SEE THIS MOVIE !!! Oh , and Alice Cooper as `` something much older '' is just INSPIRED !!! This movie is chock full o ' rock !
 Which is to say , good enough that it is more enjoyable than an `` A '' movie.This is the kind of cinema I love . Fun , different , entertaining.The high points : Rollins
 Let me say right up front , I firmly believe the Horror Comedy subgenre is filled with more films of no worth whatsoever than almost any other film type one could name . For every success like Young Frankenstein or Shaun of the Dead , there are easily a hundred clunkers produced that are neither scary nor funny.One might reasonably presume my expectations for Suck were therefore pretty low going in , but this truly is one of the rare exceptions that shows that these type of films CAN work , as long as the filmakers apply sufficient intelligence and perseverence . Obviously this entire film cost less to make than the budget for coffee and donuts consumed during the filming of Avatar , but the filmakers turn their lack of big bucks into an actual virtue . The use of campy stop motion animation to tie live action scenes together right from the opening moment sets the tone for the film perfectly . And there is actual COMEDY in this movie . The laugh out loud kind -LRB- the `` nosebleed '' scene gets me even on the second and third viewings ... Classic -RRB- . The cast is extremely capable , and turn in appealing performances pretty much across the board . Even the one I thought was going to be a clunker when I first saw him -LRB- Dimitri Coats of Burning Brides , whose heavy vampire makeup when he first appears seems to bode poorly for the rest of the film -RRB- completely turns that initial perception on it 's head when he has a chance to sing -LRB- one of the highlights of the film imho -RRB- . There are smart little touches throughout the film , like the cast `` accidently '' recreating the covers of famous rock albums several times throughout the film . This is done in a sly way mostly , and you could miss them if you 're not paying attention.The guest cast of rock icons clearly were having fun with their roles , and their performances generally have a bit more meat to them than a simple cameo . Iggy Pop in particular stood out as the older rocker who 'd `` been there and done that '' and was pretty much past the desire for fame . Alice Cooper and Henry Rollins were also fun to watch . Moby channeling Rob Halford of Judas Priest with gusto was a hoot as well.Overall
 I was so happy to find this movie in blu-ray . It 's one of my favs . I like the characters , the actors , the vampires , the story and the music .
 Sometimes I Turn this on just for the music -LRB- something I really only do with other musicals such as Sweeney Todd and Repo ! The Genetic Opera -RRB- but it 's never long , as with those , before I 've stopped what I 'm doing and it 's gone from background music to musical distraction again , lol . It 's just that good!The cast is pure magic . We have Iggy Pop and Alice Cooper to name two rock Gods , and many new musicians as well that really sell it , I mean really just blow me away . My favorite song has to be `` she tried to kill me in my sleep last night '' , by The winners , the band of vampires the movie revolves around . It captures the plot as well as their new success and hot song.If you love horror , especially horror musicals , you 'll really love this as it has the best in the music biz ! I really just need the soundtrack for my car ! Highly recommended !
 I have not seen the movie but Rush guitarist Alex Lifeson has a cameo as a humorous cop/border guard so I am looking forward to seeing the show - yes , just for this scene !
 When my friend first gave me this movie . My first thought she has to be kiddding . But I glad I did n't let my judgement rule me . Because I would miss a great movie about empowerment , love and friendship . D.L. Hughley was hilarious . My Favorite is Lorena played by Roselyn Sanchez . But the cast was great . I would recommended this movie to anyone .
 Who needs plot ? We gots Sofia Vergara , -LRB- my future wife -RRB- Roselyn Sanchez and Lisa Vidal ! It 's a mindless jiggle-fest , and planet Earth is a better place for it . God Bless America . North AND South .
 A very recommendable movie this is ! A fun-filled romantic comedy , starring the 4 most beautiful persons on this planet!Fox 2000 struck gold with this hit , by hiring these 4 gorgeous people , and making this unique American/Latino movie.The fun starts when beautiful , gorgeous Mexican Superstar Eduardo Ver&aacute;stegui -LRB- playing Tomas -RRB- is being loved by three woman at the same time . Those 3 dazzling beautiful woman soon discover they all are in love with the same man , and this is the kick-off start of a spicy , hot , romantic funfilled comedy!All the four Latin/USA superstars are performing superb , and protagonist Eduardo Ver&aacute;stegui , the emerald green eyed super-talent from warm sunny M&eacute;xico , shows why he has won many prestigious awards as best actor.Everybody who saw this great young man at work never forget his name ! He starred in the mega-hit of Jennifer Lopez , '' `` Ai n't It Funny '' '' not long ago . There Eduardo was the unbelievably beautiful gipsy muscular hero , his incredible looks went around the planet in 100 countries ! This movie adds to the impressive credits of this fastest rising male star in Hollywood , the 21th Century successor of Tom Cruise , welcomed by the enchanted press.The three ladies of '' `` Chasing Papi '' '' are equally huge superstars , very talented as well , and too hot to handle ! They too are among the Hollywood newest generation superstars.Chasing Papi is the enjoyment of looking at beautiful people , in a fast paced very original funny movie , it makes you feel well after leaving the movie-theater . The enthousiastic , dedicated crew very clearly conveyed this by this movie , a movie uniting the Hispanic and Anglo Americans stronger together , and this movie contains the subtle hidden message of finding your inner strength , as the receipe for a happy and good life.Good life certainly implies seeing this wonderful movie , buy the DVD/and or video and enjoy!Anthonie van Vliet M.Sc .
 WHY DO PEOPLE DO COMPARISONS . Yes , this is not a masterpiece of Spanish cinema , nor was that it 's intent . This was just a funny , visual and auditory romp into another world . This movie is great for open minded invididuals who want to learn more about the Latino-American and not the `` LATIN '' in general . This movie was intended for the LATINO-AMERICAN audience and for other open minded invididuals . Their were a lot of comedic nuances that only a latino-american would understand , including Walter Mercado and how he is able to wrap the latino women around his horoscope finger , the spanglish between the chicas , the `` la Llorona '' jokes , Jaci 's `` blue contacts '' , and the Flaming Paul Rodriguez !! The women were georgeous , and hell i though Papi was hot too . It was funny , and it actually was a positive view of latina women and the diversity in the Latino-American community . The music was great , the actors were intresting , and it did bring in some good themes and issues that the Latino-american faces in this American nation . Hell i wish there were more movies like this made that dispelled some of the myths that americans have about latinos . If you want some seriously good Spanish Cinema , there are tons of great reputable Spanish films out and that contiue to be appreciated by U.S. . This movie is just for good ole fun
 As I said above , I wanted to see how Ms. Velasquez could act and she can act very well . The movie itself -LRB- a box office bomb -RRB- is actually a cute movie . It has a good story behind it , not just a movie making Latinas look like hoochie mamas ! It does more than that , it shows that Latinas can do alot -LRB- not that I ever doubted them -RRB- . The whole movie is about a big hunk of man -LRB- I 'm a straight dude saying this , good LORD !!!! -RRB- named Tomas Fuentes who has three girlfriends
 CHASING PAPI ES UNA MUY BUENA PELICULA , PARA QUE LA VEAN CON TODA SU FAMILIA ES UNA COMEDIA ROMANTICA Y MUY CHISTOSA !!!! TODOS LOS ACTORES LATINOS COMO EDUARDO VERASTEGUI , SOFIA VERGARA , ROSELYN , JACI VELAZQUES ETC. . TODOS ELLOS SON EXCELENTES ACTORES * COMPREN CHASING PAPI NO SE VAN ARREPENTIR !!!!!!
 Honestly , this is just a good movie to be enjoyed on a rainy day or with a girlfriend/boyfriend . It 's not supposed to be a great genre-defining movie , it 's just supposed to be FUN . The three leading ladies play their parts exactly the way they are meant to be played . Cici -LRB- Sofia Vergara -RRB- is the bombshell , Lorena -LRB- Roselyn Sanchez -RRB- is the strong intelligent woman , and Patricia -LRB- Jaci Velasquez -RRB- plays the rich girl . They have great chemistry on-screen and their rivalry is played very well . It accomplishes exactly what it sets out to do
 This movie is extremely funny . It 's a wonderful romantic-comedy . It 's pretty simple which makes it such a lovable movie . It involves 3 women living in different areas of the US -LRB- Miami , Chicago , and the other in New York -RRB- . The love interest of all three of these women , is Tomas , a business man who travels to each of his ladies because he ca n't choose just one . All three chicas travel to Tomas ' house in California . Tomas himself is already becoming stressed out by having 3 relationships at once and is afraid of any of them meeting each other . Well let 's just say his worst nightmare -LRB- besides La Llorona getting him -RRB- comes true and he is shocked as well are the women.That 's just the beginning , the rest is hilarious with some fun action scenes.This is a great DVD to add to your collection because you can watch it over and over and not get tired of it ! ** Also Nicole Scherzinger , from the Pussycat Dolls , makes a small cameo in this movie as `` Miss Puerto Rico '' .
 This movie has something for everyone . It 's kind of a `` girl movie , '' but the guys wo n't notice ; they 'll be too busy drooling , as the films stars three DYNAMITE Latin women ! Other people have called this film mediocre , or not so funny , but as a red blooded male , I did n't notice . I was too busy falling in love with the female cast .
 This movie is a cute movie with four beautiful and sexy female stars -LRB- and women assure me the male star is hot , too -RRB- . It helps that I am a super-fan of Roselyn Sanchez - one of the hottest women on the planet ! Is this movie great cinema ? No . Is it enjoyable ? Yes . It is one of those movies you watch , then put on your shelf . Years later , when you have forgotten many of the scenes so that it is almost like watching it brand new again , you can enjoy it again . That is why , when I found it here on Amazon , being sold used -LRB- like new -RRB- for $ 2.89 and still eligible for Amazon Prime free 2-day delivery , I went for it . I have n't seen this movie for years -LRB- but definitely remember I enjoyed it -RRB- , and when it arrives , I will enjoy it again and then put it in my collection .
 Cici -LRB- Sofia Vargura -RRB- , Lorena -LRB- beautiful Rosalyn Sanchez -RRB- , and Patricia -LRB- Christian Tex-Mex singer Jaci Velasquez -RRB- are all in love with the drop-dead gorgeous Tomas Fuentes -LRB- Eduardo Verastigui -RRB- . The trouble is that they do n't know about each other until a latino psychic guru tells them all to go after the one thing that they want . They all end up at Tomas ' home in lingerie he bought for all three of them , and the cat claws come out . There is a beauty pageant , drug money in a car , an heiress losing her fortune for running away with her cute little pomeranian , and a pro-bono lawyer who had no idea she was beautiful or sexy until the girls need a place to stay with Tomas ' overly tranquilized body . The movie is fun , if nothing original , and I watch it every time it comes on cable . Boasting a great soundtrack that features Christina Vidal , little sister of Lisa Vidal who plays the coolest cop on the block in this rompfest , you ca n't miss fun jokes on class distinction or the way three girls start out as rivals and become great friends . So it 's not rocket science . It 's enjoyable to the nth degree , and the soundtrack is to die for . Eye candy for both sexes is what you 're in for , and the idea that three women can better themselves for the mistake of being with a man who is looking for all their qualities in one woman . It 's obvious Tomas needs to keep looking and that these three girls needed him to find themselves . Fun , witty banter and gorgeous scenery do n't hurt anything either . By the way , the Charo-resemblant Sofia Vargura can really dance , and that is just a plus in this delightful comedy !
 ` Chasing Papi ' is a movie that has everything ; comedy , drama , action etc. . Papi is a man who ca n't make up his mind when it comes to women . He 's dating three women in three different cities at the same time . Now let 's say they all decide to go see Papi at the same time and accidentally meet . Add in Papi going through a slight melt down and some gangsters looking for some money with an FBI lady being mixed up as woman # 4 by the first three .
 If you are a hispanic woman you will DEFINITELY relate to this.I felt right at home watching this movie . Jackie is superb . I wonder why she hasnt made any more movies after this.A man , b/c of business , travels a lot and has a relationship with 3 women in different states.When the women find out its a race to see who can catch him and force him to make a choice.The hilarity of all the trouble they get into and how they grow as a result makes this movie a five star for me .
 When you talk about stellar casts , Robert Jackson looked no further than Chasing Papi . I mean , being one grande fan -LRB- that means big fan -RRB- of Latino soap operas -LRB- I tape them on Univision and Telemundo todos los dias -RRB- , I 've come to know and respect Sofia Vergara and Roselyn Sanchez -LRB- ellas son tan bonitas -RRB- . Considering I do n't watch movies without eating 4 boxes of Goobers -LRB- and sometimes Dots -RRB- , I was somewhat flabbergasted when Eduardo Verastegui showed his rear in this feature film . While I have inifinite admiration for Verastegui , I was hoping to see some nude scenes of the females instead , I think . I guess what I 'm trying to say here is this - Chasing Papi is pretty cool , but I wanted more flesh from the senioritas . I look forward to the deleted scenes on the DVD -LRB- that 's Digital Video Disc -RRB- as well as the upcoming sequel Chasing Papi
 This ia a magnificent comedy ! Hot , spicy and funny ! Strongly recommended !! Three women . Three cities . Three times the trouble.Handsome , gorgeous advertising executive Tomas `` Papi '' Fuentes is truly , deeply in love ... with three equally gorgeous women in three different cities . There 's prim-and-proper Patricia in New York , lovely Lorena in Chicago and spicy Cici in Miami . But when all three arrive in L.A. to surprise gorgeous Papi at home , the situation does n't just heat up , it explodes ! Filled with beautiful bodies , hip Latin rhythms and plenty of passion , Chasing Papi will leave you cheering!Beautiful Eduardo Ver&aacute;stegui , the most beautiful man on this Earth plays superb once again ! Anyone who saw this youngsuper-man at work never forgets his name ! Emerald-green eyed Eduardo , admired in 200 countries as the sizzling hot gypsy in Ai n't It Funny , the mega-hit with JENNIFER LOPEZ sizzles up your home-cinema too . Surrounded with the 3 hottest female superstars of the decade ! Watch and enjoy this spicy hot comedy ! Enjoy the 4 most beautiful people at this Hollywood surprise package of 2003 ! No wonder these 4 young people are the fastest rising new Hollywood super-stars at this moment ! & iexcl ; Caliente!Anthonie van Vliet M.Sc . Netherlands
 Perhaps this is not the best movie of the century , or one of the ten best ever , if you want substance see Oliver Stone or Orson Wells , but if you want to delight yourself by looking at some beautiful latin talent , this is the place . From the decent direction , to the musical score , and then how can you go wrong with Sofia Vergara . Please , the woman is a godess ! The other two ladies are nice two , but to close to my daughters age , so I stick to my age group , and watch this movie time and time again to put a smile in my face . Bravo !!! PS Sofia , still available ?
 I bought the Walter Mercado DVD , which I have reviewed elsewhere , I also saw this DVD and figured my wife would like it . It is a strange little movie , but entertaining . Once again Walter Mercado , even with his brief appearance , seemed to steel the show -LRB- at least for my wife -RRB- . Maria Conchita Alonso , is cute , so it is worth the $ 9 we paid .
 When I first read about Chasing Papi , I expected a very stereotypical lousy film . Little did I expect I would enjoy this film a lot . There are many twists and turns in the film , and all sorts of wild stuff that go on , that just leave you laughing as the three women fight over who `` Papi Chulo '' will choose , and learn along the way to not depend upon him.My main gripe is that I wish they would have placed the `` No Hace Falta Un Hombre '' video by Jaci Velasquez as well.And for those who have questioned Jaci 's role in this film , there 's more to it than people know . Go to ... . and find out .
 OH Yes I watched `` Chasing PAPI dvd on TV very funny good movie my enjoy !!!! Thanks , Pamela
 THE MOVIE TURNED OUT GREAT . I WAS A LITTLE WORRIED ABOUT A FEW SCRATCHES ON THE BACK BUT IT DID NOT MESS UP THE QUALITY OF THE DVD . NO SKIPPING AT ALL ... LOVED IT !
 What 's the matter with some of you people ? This was simply just a fun film to watch . No seriously intricate story , and no offensive content . It is truly a latina `` babefest '' , and who would n't enjoy that ? Just like the director Linda Mendoza said
 The dvd played very good I been ordering alot on amazon The best place to buy anything that you want . Have been veryhappy with the things I got on Amazon
 My daughter has been wanting this movie for awhile and I bought it for her birthday to surprise her . She loves it .
 This movie gives has a great female line up and is funny how the woman go to extremes just to get their love 's attention .
 The most Godard-like of the entire Bertolucci 's output , in a excellent edition , far better than the one released in Italy
 this movie has it all . drama , an edge of your seat - psychcological - story-line , handsome lead . partner is an adaptation of the classic book `` the double '' by dostoyevsky . this is the only movie made from a book i 've read and loved that has so captured the feel and integrity of the written work . if you are looking to see a great movie and have the patience to sit through one with subtitles then this is your movie .
 What a great movie about young women in Iran ! It was eye-opening . I never imagined that iranian women are so modern and in touch with the outside world . The film tells the story of 4 young women who come from very bad family lives and are taken in by a woman who helps them overcome their pasts and work towards a better life . Even after a week I still ca n't get the girls out of my mind . The film is beautifully shot and makes you feel like you are in the middle of the action . I highly recommend this film for people who want to learn about other parts of the world . It is inspiring and touching .
 This movie was very well shot and directed ! Even though the situation of these girls in it is very sad , it is not hopeless and inspiring because CHANGE is happening for the better ! Hopefully someday soon Iran will be FREE and many of these kinds of situations will be resolved and we will see a brighter future . I really liked the format of this movie -LRB- in Farsi with English subtitles -RRB- . If you are interested in Iran or have Persian friends then definately watch this movie ! : -RRB-
 `` The Monkey 's Uncle '' is an entertaining and funny sequel to `` The Misadventures of Merlin Jones . '' Set again at Midvale College , it is better than the first . This time Merlin Jones the student genius , played again by Walt Disney 's stalwart Tommy Kirk , gets involved with sleep experiments with his pet chimpanzee and a bicycle-propelled flying machine . Jones 's girlfriend again played by Annette Funicello still vies romantically for his attentions , as he still remains fixated with his goofy scientific experiments . Leon Ames returns as Judge Hornsby . One great highlight of this film is the title song `` The Monkey 's Uncle '' written from the genius of Walt Disney 's reliable Sherman Brothers . It is performed by The Beach Boys and Annette Funicello on screen behind the credits . This film and its predecessor seem like such minor efforts but they were the two films that attracted my daughter 's attention and got her interested for more of Walt Disney 's live action films . I wish they would put a lot of these old Walt Disney movies back in print because my daughter and a bunch of her friends really liked them . At that time I went out on quest and bought up every Walt Disney live action film I could get my hands on . I love these films and I still watch them . When I say that I recommend something from Disney I mean it .
 This movie is great both for those who grew up with Tommy Kirk and Annette Funicello and for the youngsters who will be introduced to Merlin Jones for the first time . Though this is not the first in the Merlin Jones series , viewers need not have seen the other movie to follow this one . Those who know other Disney movies of the time period will see many familiar faces in the familiar setting of Midvale College . In this movie , the school depends upon the brilliant but unlucky Merlin to save the academically challenged football team . Merlin , of course , suffers many amusing `` misadventures '' before the end of the movie . For poor Merlin , the solution of one problem is closely followed by the introduction of yet another problem . Misunderstandings and complications abound . His ingenuity is matched only by his misfortune . As always , Tommy Kirk is excellent . Annette Funicello and the monkey also help to make this cute little movie highly entertaining . Though the first of the Merlin Jones movies , _ The Misadventures of Merlin Jones _ , is in some ways a better movie , this one is also great . It is a fun and funny movie that the entire family can watch . As are most Disney films of that era , _ The Monkey 's Uncle _ is definitely worth watching .
 ` The Adventures of Merlin Jones ' has been available for years on DVD , but they have overlooked this funny sequel time and time again . It just does n't make sense and the way Disney regurgitates their movies every couple of years , I figured this was bound to come out sooner or later ! It 's bad enough that a lot of there older films get horrible `` pan & Scan '' releases , but I 'll take it anyway they want to do it at this point . I would hope it 's not a `` PC '' issue ! ... aargghhhh ! :--LRB- Please release the DVD !
 `` The Monkey 's Uncle . '' is really funny and enjoyable and I 'd recommend it to anyone who loves disney films and comedy . Annette and Tommy Kirk are great in it , really a funny and sweet couple . The monkey is like their adopted child . They have lots of adventures and misadventures . It 's great for the entire family .
 I like this movie . I remember watching it from my childhood . It is great to have it in my collection . No problems with view it .
 these guys set the pace for all future rock bands . Their music is FRESH and unpredictable . The lyrics tell a staory and the music is exceptional . Belittle rocked as well as their newest release
 When a mother is looking to find the perfect place to settle down and raise her family tragedy happens . Her twins are stolen . The way they meet as grown ups is mind blowing . Great movie , total entertainment . One of the best independent feature films out there .
 I used to watch this film on cable ALL THE TIME growing up in the 80 's . What I 've found over the years is how close we are coming to the realities presented in this film . This film is becoming more and more ironic and brillant each year . It HAS to come out on DVD ... PLEASE !
 this is in response to ophomike 's great featured review , wherein he felt there was an unanswered question . namely , why were they killing all the models if they just wanted to use computer doubles to get perfect performances?i have n't seen the film recently , but i think - if i recall correctly - the reason was explained by coburn at one point . besides the issue of perfect performances , building computer models also meant that they did n't have to deal with the flakiness and mood swings of real actresses and - most importantly - they could use their image forever without ever having to pay them . they would pay the models to submit to the series of full body scans , do some filming in private , and then the models would die . since no one knew of their process , they would keep using the model 's image indefinitely wthout ever paying anyone any royalties because everyone would assume all of the `` filmed '' content had been done prior to the model 's death.one of my favorite parts was susan dey in the scanning sarcophagus with all the grid lines projected onto her as she was rotated . it was in this creepy , dark , deserted lab - but her agency had arranged it , so she did n't ask any questions . haha . oh , and also the scene where a model feels she 's being stalked in her own apartment , even though she does n't see anyone -LRB- too many diet pills ? -RRB- and she then proceeds to work herself up into a fever pitch until she manages to tangle herself up in the drapes and fall over and out the window ... now , i can accept the fact that she was at some point zapped with the black-out gun and then lost bodily control , but please - her little model body did not weigh enough to rip those draperie hooks off the rod . haha.i love this movie and forgive me if my memory has clouded about the details . as a kid , this film left a lasting impression on me and i 'm sure it played a part in my fascination -LRB- my whole age group 's fascination , perhaps -RRB- with sinister technology and corporate conspiracy .
 This is a rather unique film , though the commercials in the movie are rather cheesy , but funny which adds to the essence of the film . The music , acting and dialog are your typical 80 's style . I guess that 's why I love movies from the 1980 's . I highly recommend this film who has a Sci-Fi interest . Albert Finney and Susan Dey do a great job .
 I recently saw this movie for the first time , and I 'll have to say that it was better than I expected ! Although I think there are some plot holes and a little lack of explanation , the movie is still very entertaining , thought-provoking , and it holds up pretty well against today 's movies of the same type . Great directing by Chrichton and good acting by Albert Finney . I especially liked how Finney 's character tried to act intelligent and rational in every tense situation he got into , unlike a lot of heroes in modern films . I also really liked the concept of the weapon that they used which caused people to blank out without knowing it ! Some really cool scenes using that , plus , an very entertaining -LRB- and slightly humorous -RRB- ending sequence ! Chrichton scores again ! For anyone who has n't seen this movie yet , pay no attention to Leanard Maltin 's review , I disagree with it completely ! Just because this movie is old , do n't pass it up .
 Camp dialogue , big hair and glowing , hypnotic eyes ... what more could you ask for in a film ? When this was first shown on television they added a few scenes ... and I only vaguely remember what they were , but involved someone walking on the roof and an extended dinner party . Hopefully whenever they get around to releasing the movie , it will be either an extended version or at least include the deleted scenes .
 I remember this movie as a favorite of mine back in the early days of HBO . They played it continuously and I spent long summers in front of the TV watching it . Cheesy and very 80 's , but that 's what I love about it .
 `` Looker '' attempts to analyze crass corporate marketing , the objectification of women by advertisers , and the potential misuse of digital animation . It will interest viewers to see how this movie 's technologies , envisioned back at the dawn of the IBM PC , have become near-reality . The smart story line and talented cast help compensate for often cheesy dialogue and superficially defined characters.James Coburn and Albert Finney make the most of their own stock characters -- an evil CEO and old-fashioned plastic surgeon . However , `` Looker '' reduces most of its female characters to disposable bimbos -- scantily clad in one scene , then stalked with high technology , then killed in a freak `` accident . `` Susan Dey and Leigh Taylor-Young are the exceptions to this treatment of women . In her role as a TV ad model chased by a murderous conglomerate , Dey projects some of the quiet emotional depth that won her fans in L.A. Law a few years later . Taylor-Young brings a cool , commanding and intelligent presence to her role as a co-conspirator with Coburn.Director Michael Crichton 's sarcastic vision of TV advertising -- and side effects of the movie 's namesake `` Looker '' device -- give a fresh , edgy , sometimes humorous spin to scenes that could have been predictable low-budget cliches -- auto chases , burglaries , and fight scenes.Make no mistake , the dialogue in this movie is a bit schmaltzy , the TV ads are laughably bad , and a key question is unresolved
 Though it does n't stand up as well as I hoped it would after 20 + years , it still retains some of the fun elements that captivated me when I saw it as a teenager . And I 'm not just talking about Laurie Partridge in the altogether ... Many of Crichton 's novels and movies seem to be close kin to each other -- `` Jurassic Park '' is n't too far removed from `` Westworld '' , and `` Looker '' even has a shade or two in common with `` Runaway '' . Despite the overlapping premises , Crichton has a compellingly interesting way of portraying developing technologies as a weapon best left out of the hands of Corporate America , and Criminal America too , for that matter.The developing technology in `` Looker '' might have seemed a bit absurdly fantastical in the film 's day , but it sure looks reasonable now given the nature of the corporate segment the ill-used technology appeals to . Or perhaps I am just more cynical now than I was when the film came out.As thrillers go this film is tame by today 's standards but was sufficiently intruiguing back in the early 1980s . But everyone should have a few Michael Crichton films in their DVD libraries , and at the low price offered here I recommend you add this one.Also get : `` Westworld '' `` The Great Train Robbery '' `` Coma '' -LRB- from the Robin Cook novel but directed by Crichton -RRB- `` Runaway '' `` Jurassic Park '' -LRB- from Crichton 's novel -RRB- and `` The Andromeda Strain '' -LRB- also from a Crichton novel -RRB-
 It appears I share a not-quite-guilty nostalgia for this creepy/campy/scarily prescient sci-fi/horror flick with most of the reviewers here . Like me , their psyches were indelibly impressed by Susan Dey 's collarbone after repeated viewings on HBO as 13-year olds . This was one of my absolute all-time favorite early-80 's cable movies . It 's about a hot-shot L.A. plastic surgeon -LRB- Albert Finney !? -RRB- who finds himself beset with models carrying lists of millimeter-precise changes they want in their faces/bodies so they can be Perfect . After two of these models are murdered post-op , he becomes a suspect , and starts to investigate the origin of the computer-mandated quest for Perfection -- a corporation with the rather sinister-sounding name of DIGITAL MATRIX . This movie is VERY 80 's in music -LRB- great shimmery horror-synth combined with femmy power-pop -RRB- and art direction -LRB- lots of pastels -RRB- so it 's fine to go a little MST-3K with it . At the same time , there are some really great scenes -LRB- Susan Dey re-shooting the suntan lotion commercial over and over to please The Computer is one that haunts me -RRB- and the general concept is not absurd AT ALL ... `` Hi ! I 'm Cindy ! I 'm the Perfect Female Type , 18 to 25 . I 'M HERE TO SELL FOR YOU ! '' I 'll admit , things do get a little silly in the end , but it 's still fun . And , oh yeah , there 's a subplot about a political candidate getting the same kind of subliminally appealing surgery/compu-jiggery in order to appeal to more voters . Whoa , now THAT 'S scary !!
 I loved Looker when I first seen it on HBO over 20 years ago and when I seen it on Amazon.com I just had to have it . I would recommend it to anyone who likes beautiful models , suspence , and action all combined into one movie . Definetly loved it . Enjoy
 When I first saw this movie I thought it was wierd but then I fell in love with it . James Coburn , Albery Finney and the mustache guy who always plays an evil henchman were great . The movie starts out were models were murdered while their faces and bodies were copied for a big company for commericals . Albert Finney plays a plastic surgeon who 's looking for answers then gets tangled into the mysterious web . A high-tech gun transforms people into freeze and do the person who used the weapon 's bidding . James Coburn plays the mysterious head of the company who is possibly behind the mysterious murders of the models . Check it out if you want to really know . Great 80 's movie .
 Yes , it 's a little cheesy and so 80s . lol ! But I really like it for some reason . I 've always liked it since it came out years ago , especially the chemistry between Albert Finney and Susan Dey and the way a particular gun is used in the film . And I also like the theme song . I have this movie taped , but I might have to buy me one , because it 's packed away somewhere . lol!Edit
 This is a kinda offbeat but interesting movie . James Coburn and Albert Finny give somewhat believable performances . Susan Dey is very good , and there is more to this movie then seeing Laurie Partridge nude , however having said that , Susan Day nude is a plus . Some of the other cast need to take acting classes , and there is a change to see a young Tom Sellec lookalike .
 This is an excellent thriller for the time period in which it was created .
 Hey , I bought this for Susan Dey . Always loved her on TV , and her face and figure . Looker gives you another nice long look at Susan , and it 's also a pretty good movie . Yeah , it 's a bit sexploitation , but there 's a time and place for that also . &#34; Looker &#34; makes the grade . Loved this movie , for Susan Dey and the plot and story line . Worth a look ` er .
 I had seen this movie in its theatrical release . I had not known what it was about , but I had enjoyed it thoroughly . It was about beautiful women as objects whereby the minutest `` flaw '' was analyzed and removed . The flaws were not noticeable . Women were putting themselves through this , as society expects perfect beauty in women . Susan Dey plays one of the women as does Terri Welles , a Playboy Playmate . Terri faces the camera topless while the doctor analyzes and describes the so-called flaws with her boobs . She looked fantastic to me . Susan Dey also bares her buns and boobs as she helps to stop the madness .
 The year was 1980 when this movie was released and the plot and graphics , I suggest , would have been ahead of it 's time at that time . I recall this movie as a kid . I was 8-10 when I saw it , though I was 7 when it came out . Good movie for those theoretical thinkers in the advertisement zone ... makes you wonder why we have not done this already , minus the murders . Aside from that , it paints a portrait of what advertising companies are willing to DO to make an EXTRA BUCK , which is true even in our world today with all the cosmetic surgery and fakery models & actresses are willing to put themselves through ... even today . The music is cool if you dig the Moog kinda early 80 's stuff as I do , Enjoy !
 I have the same thought as another woman that left a review ; I watched this movie more than any other back when it was released and I really do n't know why ; but I loved it and it left a lasting impression on me . I have now gotten a whole new group of people also loving it !! It is hard to go wrong with Albert Finney in any movie ; though !!
 I saw this movie back in the 80 's when we first got our cable television . I 've always wanted to see it again and am also a big Albert Finney fan . It was exactly as I wanted it , bringing up nostalga . It is not a four star -LRB- 1 1/2 -RRB- movie for many more than myself . I was excited to have found it and now own it . Thanks .
 This movie is extremely under-rated as a great sci-fi movie and as a great Michael Crichton story . Many aspects of it have been prophetic and it 's one of my childhood favorites !
 For an older and somewhat obscure film , this Michael Crichton picture is an excellent piece of science fiction . The interesting thing about it is how the film foresaw the trend in digital animation to replicate real life scenarios . The film uses few digital effects , but the ones used for the main plot point were very ahead of their time back then . It has a stellar cast an interesting plot and the DVD transfer is superb quality .
 I love this move , mostly because it was a movie my father took me to when I was a kid , and I thought it was great back then . It shows it 's age today , but it still a fun movie to watch , and takes me back to the early 1980 's I highly recommend the movie .
 A plastic surgeon -LRB- Albert Finney -RRB- finds himself in the middle of a conspiracy of mind-control and murder in writer / director Michael Crichton 's -LRB- WESTWORLD , COMA -RRB- brilliant sci-fi drama / satire . Filmed at the point when the mindless 70s gave way to the artificial 80s , LOOKER is a nice reminder of just how superficial the media truly is , and how willingly we submit to it . The idea of tele-hypnosis through commercials is pure genius ! Crichton lampoons our media-obsessed society by exposing its idiocy ! LOOKER deserves to be up there w / THE STEPFORD WIVES and NETWORK ...
 Not too long ago a advertisement agency named Dedonde Enterprises was under investigation for intrusion of privacy and misuse of confidential client information . It is believed that they were planting observation devices called `` InFind Sensors '' in clients homes in order to learn their behavioral patterns.Looker has a plotline that relates directly to the story of Dedonde Enterprises , but actually pre-dates it by a decade or two . The question with Looker is
 I remember this movie when it first came out . It was eye candy then , it 's eye candy now . The plot is really thin , but who 's watching it for the plot?I 'm glad I bought it .
 I loved this science fiction movie by Michael Crichton years ago and still do today . I see a few things in the plot that I originally did n't questions like why the bads guys were not stopped sooner in the story -LRB- where are police ? -RRB- or why the research boss and his henchman could n't deal with the good guys out of public view -LRB- risk shooting at people in full view of the meeting attendees ? -RRB- . They could easily have used the Looker device since they used it on other characters killed off so effectively , early on in the story . Well , I guess there would n't have been much of a story or at least an interesting thriller-type one if they did so . Still , it was a different time and movies tended to move at a much slower pace than today 's films . Michael was n't too far off the mark on his suggestion that advertisers will deploy all manner of sneaky tactics to get us to want , want , want , and buy , buy , buy . A known tactic was called subliminal suggestion and yes , they did try to get people to want and buy with this tactic , until they were caught . In general , this is still a great story about how far someone would go to get a job or move someone 's goods .
 I record various movies on my DVR according to what actors are in it , as well as sometimes just picking random movies according to their short description . The DVR picked this one because I like Albert Finney and have him set in the DVR.I actually liked this movie a lot . The first scene of the model in her apartment was suspensful . I actually put my crochet down and watched most of the movie -LRB- whereas I usually crochet or knit with movies in the background and sort of follow along -RRB- . The story was strange , but I was entertained for the whole time . It was n't the greatest movie of all time , but enjoyable . It brought back memories of the 80s as I grew up in that decade -LRB- turned 15 in 1981 -RRB- . I LOVED the music in this movie ! Haha.It 's a fun movie and I enjoyed watching it , so I recommend it .
 I saw this movie years ago and was concerned it would be dated . It was just as thrilling this time and I am really glad I added it to my DVD collection .
 i remember watching this movie a long time ago on hbo and all them years i tried to look for this movie and i got it here on amazon since then i been watching this movie like crazy . so if your thinking about getting this movie . get it . ok the only con is the theme song lol other then that its worth the buy :-RRB- . xoxo
 I was six when this film was released . I remember vividly , watching and being fascinated by this film . Forever since I have fondly thought back to the days of childhood and this movie is resident in memory . It is awesome that this film is available for purchase , it is shame that such a classic is so hard to find . This film is definatly a must see , if for nothing else , the impressive laser imaging of the nude models =-RRB- It was great being a kid .
 Wonderful thriller from Michael Crichton -LRB- Jurassic Park -RRB- about models that are being killed by a corporation -LRB- Digital Matrix -RRB- that is vying to fix a Presidential Election . Throw in some car chases , cheesy commercials for fake products , a naked Susan Dey , guns that shoot light , a great pop/rock theme song , and you have one interesting movie . The end is just genius as the real world is blended with the pre-animated CG commercials.Also , these are not cookie cutter one-dimensional characters either . They are very well developed and explored . The scene when Susan Dey goes home to get help from her parents is particularly sad but true in some households.I rate this movie right up there with Blade Runner , The Matrix and the original Stepford Wives . Movies that change my perception of the world are a rare breed.It def woke me up to the fact that advertising is such a fabric of our life and what could be done if technology -LRB- it 's all coming true now , in 2007 -RRB- could be used in a bad way.PLOT SPOILERS ! Please read on only if you 've seen the movie.While it is a subtle plot point in the movie , it is obviously alluded to that Digital Matrix is conspiring with a politician to basically hypnotize the public into voting for him . We can go on forever about why the models were really being killed -LRB- it 's because Digital Matrix did n't want to pay the girls -RRB- and why the Presidential race plot point was n't more prominent in the movie . But what I want to know is was the guy who was running for president even still alive ? The thought hit me the other day ... what if Digital Matrix has his CG persona and then killed him ? They would run the country with the CG puppet of the senator . Maybe it 's possible that the public could be hypnotized in such a way that they 'd never care to wonder why no one has physically seen the pres in a looong time . I would sure wonder why he only makes televised speeches from his secured office in the White House after all . Just a thought I had , too bad it was n't elaborated more in the movie : -LRB-
 With all due respect to Mr Maltin , I regard ` Looker as a very entertaining Sci-Fi flick from Michael Crichton.OK , the plot occaisionally goes off into a tangent , but the visual effects and original storyline make it compelling viewing . Excellent acting from Finney and Coburn also greatly enhances the atmosphere of the film . Overall , very entertaining .
 I enjoyed this movie when I first saw it about ten years ago and I came here today looking for it.Perhaps Maltin did not understand it , but I think fans of the work of Michael Chichton or Robin Cook would like this movie . The plot elements remind me of a cross between `` The Terminal Man '' and `` Coma '' .
 Nearing its 20th birthday , `` Looker '' still holds up today as a solid techno-thriller . Expertly tucking a government/industrial conspiracy beneath a blanket of computer-phobic tension , the film manages to predate the success of the `` X-Files '' before cyberspace became a household word . Finney and Coburn are subtly superb in their roles , while Crichton -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- satirizes a media-saturated culture ripe for the string-pulling . Barry De Vorzon 's score is hauntingly impressive -LRB- and sadly , unavailable in soundtrack form -RRB- as is the cheesy 80 's title track performed by Sue Saad -LRB- later covered by Kim Carnes on her `` Voyeur '' album -RRB- . Previous reviews of `` Looker '' have slammed the script for its lack of explanation ... however , a 15-minute scene depicting a rather detailed `` summing up '' of the plot was deleted from the theatrical/home video cut , but did make the film 's network TV airings . With or without the scene , the film is an often-overlooked gem I would strongly recommend to anyone in the mood for a slick , sci-fi thriller .
 I have been looking for this movie for years . I remember it from when I was just a kid . It was nice to have finally gotten my hands on it and been able to see it again . The movie was ahead of its time . The basic idea is a company starts using digital representations of real life models and no longer needs the real person anymore . This movie came out in the 1980 's , so imagine that ! The movie has more suspense too as the models are being killed .
 This is a fun and prophetic sci fi thriller . Butb see it because Susan Dey gets naked . That is why this movie was known at the time . I guess it must have been scandalous or something .
 I really loved this movie as a kid , however never really understood the concept of the freeze frame/light images . 20yrs later , I finally get it , amazing what college can do , huh ? The music is so 80s , and it makes me think of a carefree time , with strange synthesizers , and off-beat fashion .
 Quirky , fun , beautiful yet icky ... I love this movie ! Bang Bang ... your dead ... I DID N'T DO IT !
 Every time i read about LOOKER and WOLFEN -LRB- both of which i like and own -RRB- , a critic has written that actor Albert Finney chose eccentric rolls with which to resume his film career . This particular picture seems like a smart choice to me . With Michael Crichton both writing and directing , how can you go wrong ? the cast is swell . Yes , sometimes the protagonist takes too many risks . And yes , sometimes the films is stilted . It puts me in mind of some of the better aspects of WESTWORLD though and is fairly smart . If you prefer older movies -LRB- there again , pre 1979 or so -RRB- , for so many reasons , not the least of which is that you 're older now and remember when films were not crafted from video games and repleat with fast edits , C.G.I. , one liners and countless other modern concessions to target audiences of college age and younger , you 're apt to like Finny 's `` eccentric '' choices .
 The movie came timely and accordinly . I 've seen it years ago in the early eighties , and I enjoyed watching it again now . Thanks !
 I used to watch Looker all the time when I was a little kid . It was one of those that could be seen on HBO frequently , so it was hard to avoid . I even had it taped on Beta -LRB- yes , BETA !! -RRB- . As a child I never completely understood the plot details as they were a bit over my head at that age . I did know a plastic surgeon was investigating deaths of women and it somehow lead to a sinister looking guy with a mustache and some goofy fake tv commercials with no actors in them . Two things really attracted me to this movie as a kid . First , there was a brief naked shot of an attractive woman early in the film -LRB- since R rated films were shown after my bed time , I did n't see this often -RRB- , and for reasons unknown to me at the time , I found this brief sequence terribly exciting . Secondly , the Looker Gun . In this film , the killer uses a gun that shoots a beam of light and freezes people in a hypnotic state for varying periods of time . I thought this was fascinating.Until recently I had n't seen this movie since probably 1988 . Now I understand it , and it remains quite interesting . In the film , Albert Finney is a plastic surgeon who realizes that the television commercial actresses he has operated on are ending up dead . He plays detective and finds that the deaths are linked to a shady corporation headed by James Coburn , and that this company is dabbling in a new technology . The technology involves making tv commercials with computer generated actors that put the viewer in a hypnotic state and become engrossed with the product . You will WANT that perfume !! You will WANT that kitchen cleaner !! Damn it , you WILL WANT that box of Oaties cereal !! Along with the commercials , the corporation also designs the aforementioned freeze gun . So , it 's up to Finney to stop the killing and bring the corporation down before we start seeing these commercials in our homes.It 's a really cool movie ! As a kid , the name Michael Crichton meant nothing to me , but now it all makes sense . In 1981 this was science fiction . Computer generated actors selling a product on a tv commercial ?? How absurd !!! A lot of the things in this film have become science fact . Not all of them , but the scary thing about it is just how damn close we are to seeing some of these things in the near future -LRB- if not already and we do n't know it -RRB- Looker 's not a very poular film , more of a cult deal , but a lot of folks do seem to remember that freeze gun . Check it out , it deserves to be seen by a few more people . Snazzy theme song too .
 I 'm so happy this movie came out on DVD . It has a very catchy theme song as well as a great story line .
 This 1981 film offers an intersting glimpse into what is starting to become commonplace 26 years later . A company is having models obtain plastic sugery to make them look as perfect as possible . They scan the models into a computer and use thier digital likeness in commericals . The film directed by Michael Crichton , which was his first , is very good and still holds up for today . Especially the graphics that were used on the display terminals . For it being 1981 , they still look somewhat cutting edge today . The only gripe is that one must suspend all belief to think that a very young Susan Dey would want to be the girlfriend to a much much older Albert Finney .
 Wow , Maltin has one moldy view of cinema . This movie blens an interesting scientific concept , with a sinister plot line and a comedic touch . James Coburn does n't make turkeys , nor does Albert Finney . By the way , to hell with Vanna White . Look for a briefly nude Susan Dey -LRB- Partridge Family , LA Law -RRB- as the movie 's protagonist . This one 's fun.The everglades , Florida
 Without giving away the plot I can reveal LOOKER is an acronym in this science fiction movie . It 's another thriller from Michael Crichton , who gave us THE ANDROMEDA STRAIN , THE TERMINAL MAN , JURASSIC PARK , TIMELINE , CONGO and other notable works.The story in this case is actually a mystery thriller and for a time we do n't know what 's causing the strange deaths of beautiful women.If you like science fiction , particularly plausible fiction , you 'll enjoy this movie .
 This really is a great sci-fi flick from Michael Crichton and it really holds it 's rate even for today . In fact , I 'm surprised that Hollywood has picked it up to put into their churn machine . It 's worth the watch .
 Looker like Blade Runner when released in 1981 people were saying what the ! % # is this?It 's thirty years later and this movie gives a clear message of what we live in today.Michael Crichton was way ahead of his game that year ! Susan Dey is smoking hot and albert finney plays the perfect doctor.This movie is better than all the garbage released from hollywood in 2011 !
 OK -- so its not going to win an oscar . Its corney , predictable and the effects are low tech . In spite of all that I like it . The actors are good -LRB- considering the script -RRB- , the sound track is very good -LRB- though you wo n't find any chartbusters on it -RRB- and there is a load of subtle as well as in-your-face slap stick comedy . Seeing it once will not be enough to pick up on all the little touches in this movie . Overall its a great movie when you want something relaxing , simple and funny .
 It was a older version of the movie Snow Dogs but was a very funny movie .
 This is a strange movie , one of those that my husband used to suggest meant they had too much film and needed to use it up before it spoiled . Truth is it is n't all that bad , one just wonders why the people in it decided to accept the offer to make such a movie . I have never seen Nielsen do so poorly in a comedy role . And Skeet , who I love and follow , had good lines 50 % of the time ruined by a ten year old 's idea of comedy -- bathroom humor -LRB- NOT -RRB- the other 50 % of the time . I just am not into rolls of toilet paper and the reason for them being funny . Ignoring that 50 % of the film , Natasha T. Henstridge and Skeet make the movie enjoyable , the dogs are fun , Skeet and Natasha are really good to look at , and the idea of them with a baby in the end is the icing on the snow . With some negatives , it still had more positives and I had fun watching it . I regret that I bought the film from iTunes and am stuck with it forever on my iTouch rather than on a DVD . I wo n't make that mistake again .
 This movie cracked me up.I know i 've watched it prolly 5 times already . It has a good plot an has very funny scenes in it.Altho Skeet Ulrich acts dumb at times he still is hilrious . i recommend this movie to been seen . . TY Lisa .
 This film was much better than I expected . I was expecting some mediocre teen movie but this is stunning . A great simple story
 Well , I think that thrillers often get a little overdone . Anyone who watches many movies will probably agree . I felt like this movie was one movie that stayed believable , yet still kept the audience enthralled in the storyline.This movie started off kind of slow , which may irk some of the viewers who want to get into it . However , this movie had one of the best and unpredictable endings in a thriller I 've ever seen . This alone made the movie worth it.I thought the young actors , notably Reese Witherspoon , were admirable in their roles . There was not really any bad acting in this movie . The script was well founded , and I thought that this was an original and creative idea.Many of the twists of the movie are explained through characters actions rather than overt telling of plot sequences . This is a movie that starts a bit of a ways in , then retraces its steps , and then continues on through the movie.If you are a moviegoer that enjoys twists and unpredictable endings , then I think this is the movie to watch .
 This film illistrates the human desire for freedom . A man -LRB- Nivola -RRB- has fallen in a hole and he needs cash fast . His girfriend -LRB- Witherspoon -RRB- goes to the extremes to dig him out . This is Witherspoons finest role yet . She takes you deep inside her characters mind and shows how love and compassion direct the character through her toughest decisions . Lissa -LRB- witherspoon -RRB- and her boyfriend -LRB- Nivola -RRB- need to get out of this town - find out what they will do to do so .
 The film catches your attention immediately , and does n't let go until the climax , which is after we 've encountered a few surprising plot twists.This film is fresh , and unpredictable . I like that in a film . It does n't even aspire to be hip , it just comes naturally . This film substitues your average `` thrill '' with an intense , intelligent plot . Perhaps the people who have written other reviews wanted the typical shoot 'em up hollywood ending . I , on the other hand , prefer something better . The film is great as it is , and far from typical .
 see thisit will shock youmove youthrill youexcite youchill youfreak you outit 's one amazing , strange movieit really takes a while to understand it at timesbut it has many valuable lessons one can learnWitherspoons performance is shattering and remarkable among other things . a great movie . will be seen more times then I can count the next times I play it in my player
 I saw the scene , where they have Lissa chained to the pool table and gagged in the basement.I did n't understand most of the movie . I bet Kim Possible , Ron Stoppabl , and Rufus can deal with them .
 Screenwriter Ted Griffin -LRB- ` Ocean 's Eleven ' , ` Matchstick Men ' , ` Rumor Has It ' , etc -RRB- has provided a story for this little film that is successful on many levels
 This is a very early move for Witherspoon and Josh Brolin . The film may not have the best script but the plot and charcters progress enough to make it interesting . I do n't think is a movie to see over and over unless you are a rabid fan of the stars . The acting is good and actors sell the story , even it does strech the imagination . In general it is about greed and what people will do to get easy money .
 I must say that ` Best Laid Plans ' is in a league of it 's own . I have never seen a movie that took me for the turns this film did , and anyone who says that they guessed the ending is just lying to make their hatred for this movie resonate . This film may not be perfect , and there are some boring scenes as they try to hard to explain the state Nick is in , but the overall plot of this film is one I 've never seen done before . From the opening scene in the bar when Reese enters till you find her chained up in the basement and she tells Nick `` we 're screwed '' you start to realize that what you think you know , you do n't ... and thats the case throughout this entire movie . From the start to the finish you have no clue who 's involved in what . When Nick -LRB- Nivola -RRB- makes the bad choice of stealing some dope with friends and his friends are caught he ends up at the bad end of the gun . He has just a few days to get $ 15,000 or he 's going to be worse than dead ... Then his friend Brice -LRB- Brolin -RRB- moves back and Nick and Lissa -LRB- Witherspoon -RRB- come up with a plan , only it backfires , and then they find a way out of it , but that plan backfires and before you know it their back where they started , litterally . THis movie , for all it 's twists and turns and ORIGINALITY , while not being perfect still is a recomended film for anyone who wants to see something fresh and different than the normal popcorn munching drama . 4 1/2 stars .
 I expected this movie to be a teen movie , but it was n't . I was surprised at how much I liked the movie . What helped was it made you care for the characters + plus it had nice plot twists . The plot does seem familiar though , seems like a mixture of other movies like Indecent Proposal , Requiem of a Dream plus some that I ca n't quite put my finger on.Anyway it 's defenitely worth watching.Especially if you like Reese Witherspoon .
 This movie starts off with a bang and I was hooked from the first frame of the movie . The movie was an intelligent look at the great lengths a person will go to in order to save someone else and the ramifications of those actions . Reese Witherspoon gives one of her best performances as a woman trapped between morality and love . It should also be noted that Josh Brolin gives one of the greatest acting performances of his career . If you are looking for movie that is orininal , dark , and immensly interesting , I highly suggest Best Laid Plans .
 `` Best Laid Plans '' is an Ultra-Stylish , Ultra-Modern Film Noir Thriller that serves up Startling Performances from the Trio of Stars -LRB- Reece Witherspoon , Alessandro Nivola and Josh Brolin -RRB- , Stylish Directing -LRB- Mike Barker -RRB- , Slick Production Values , Top-Notch Story and Screenplay , Realistic Twists and Turns and a Corker of an Ending . -LRB- which is n't just Unexpected , it 's also Realistic , which is a Nice Change -RRB-
 I recently rented this movie , `` Best Laid Plans '' and fell in love with the fun loving relationship between the main character Nick played by Alessandro Nivola and his love interest on screen Reece Witherspoon . There on screen chemistry was GREAT ! It kept me rooting for them during the entire movie . I wish there could have been more scenes between them ... but , I digress . When , I first started to watch this movie I thought I had the plot/storyline all figured out , but I was WRONG ! The ending was a shock ! Just for that reason alone it is worth renting and checking out for yourself .
 An engaging neo-noir with many twist and turns , colorful characters and a delicious , intricate plot that held me.And the cinematography made a cool mood for the film , especially when so many things were happening.The main character Nick -LRB- Nivola -RRB- , and his girlfriend -LRB- Witherspoon -RRB- get into trouble with some drug dealers , and get thrown into a maelstorm of wild accusations and deciet.Although I liked the movie and it 's wild ride of a plot , there is one small problem , none of the characters quite go along with it all , but beside 's that point I recommend it to any one looking for a very stylish thriller .
 At first glance this would appear to be a VERY serious movie . The opening 1/2 hour or so reminded me of the movie BODY SHOTS , which is a rather disturbing film . What is most intriguing about this story is that it is a complete farce and the movie seems to change colors like some sort of a chameleon . What you end up with is something totally different than what you think you 're getting in the beginning.Reese Witherspoon stars once again as a sort-of young girl lost type persona . She seems to be somewhat typecast for this type of role as in many ways her character is not so different from the ones she portrayed in TWILIGHT and FREEWAY . While the present film is not quite as off-the-wall as FREEWAY , it is still pretty far out in left-field . If you 're a fan of Reese Witherspoon or films that are on the fringes of THE TWILIGHT ZONE , this one might be for you . While there are many obvious clues during the film as to what 's going on , I did not take them seriously enough to figure this plotline out before the final revelation . Can you ?
 Wow . ` Best Laid Plans ' is a great thriller . It has twice as many twists as ` Wild Things ' and is much more intelligent . It is an awesome film that will really leave you speechless ...
 Purchased this from Amazon when it came out simply because of the lead actress . I have several of her ealier movies , and I believe she is a talented young actress . Just finished watching it , and really enjoyed it . As you can see from the other reviewers , there is a large discrepency in their ratings . Anywhere from 1 to 5 stars . I think if you watch this without reading the ciritcs and knowing the plot , you will enjoy it , provided that you are not a professional movie critic and are watching movies as a passtime and entertainment .
 I really enjoyed this film noir story about hopeless people taking desperate measures to try to wriggle out of the trouble wrought by their bad luck and foolish acts . Ted Griffin 's screenplay is first rate with numerous unexpected plot twists and ironies . I defy anyone to outguess all the curves he throws . What is noticeable about the plot is that it was very realistic . The schemes were hair brained , but it was believable that the numbskull characters portrayed would cook up these kinds of cons.Mike Barker 's direction was very good . He was visually daring and unconventional with liberal use of tight shots and extreme close-ups that were mostly effective . He was a little too enamored with these techniques though , and used them to excess . Such shots are good to emphasize certain emotions or to add impact , but Barker has the viewer in the actors ' faces more often than your average teenage lovers . After a while the whole film has the feeling of watching characters with giant heads . Yet , this is a minor criticism for what was mostly a very good directorial effort.The weakest aspect of the film was the acting which was mediocre though not terrible . Alessandro Nivola gave a lifeless performance as the hapless Nick desperately scheming for a way out of his small town . He came across too wimpy and flaccid for the daring character who was planning this elaborate rip off.Reese Witherspoon was mostly window dressing in this film . Though she did a reasonable job with her character , the part did not have much meat to it as she was relegated to the role of sycophantic girl friend , a victim of her own weakness and bad judgment.Josh Brolin was the weak link . His interpretation of his character 's emotion is mostly measured by how loud he yells at the camera . Since his character was in hot water through most of the film , he was mostly screaming his lines at the top of his lungs . His portrayal was like surgery performed with a chain saw.The best performance of the film goes to Rocky Carroll as the intimidating drug dealer who threatens to kill Nick for swiping his money . Carroll stole every scene he was in with high energy performances.Overall , I gave this film a 7/10 . The acting was not compelling but it was not so dreadful that it detracted from a terrific story and a well crafted film by Barker .
 This G flick really is as good as it gets for one YOu have a monster kicking Godzilla but through out the whole fight.The suits as pretty good and the story was using the original invention or project they use to kill the original godzilla himself with.Must watch for all you G fans !!
 warning spoilers !!!!!!! ... this is the movie in which Godzilla dies.Yes , it is sad.But of course,G-cells can regenerate , so G never really dies.Awesome version of Godzilla , and great enemy , the evil Destroyah . `` not even Destroyah can do anything against the power of Godzilla.WHAT A MONSTER ! `` That quote sums it all up.And do n't cry little children,G-cells are indestructible and can regenerate indefinitely , so Godzilla , like Dracula , can be killed , but never destroyed .
 I THINK WAS ONE OF THE BEST YET . DESTROYER LOOKED COOL IN HIS FINAL FORM . I DID FEEL A LITTLE SAD WHEN GODZILLA WENT BOOM.I GIVE THE MOVIE 5 STARS AND ABOVE BECAUSE IT THE WAS THE BEST MOVIE I EVER SAW .
 Vs. Destoroyah is the movie to buy this DVD for . It is well done and one of the best of the Godzilla movies to date . Cool monsters and their reason for being is explained as well as any sci-fi creature has ever been explained . On the other hand VS. Space Godzilla is ok but a bit silly in the way he gets to earth and as for Baby Godzilla ... what a joke . I kept hoping Space Godzilla would kill him but no such luck . The only good thing about this one is that Mothra has a brief appearance along with some Fairy Mothras and the Cosmo twins . Five stars for Destoroyah and Three for Space Godzilla .
 Well I have to admit , this is a pretty cool movie , but I always thought their just something about that made seem less serious and more childish . I finally figured it out , it ` s the cheesy lines , but still , it ` s a good movie .
 It ` s an amazing film with amazing effects , my favourite is Godzilla ` s death , such sad music ... i loved it.The end scene was such a passionate and unforgettable one , just like the ending of Godzilla 1985 ... i loved the endings to both films . You should get a copy of Godzilla Vs. Destoroyah , Gary recommends it as a-must-see Godzilla film ... >
 This bewildering title explains the story very well . Godzuki finally grows up to monsterhood while his Dad gives his life to protect the earth.It is the finale in the modern series before Godzilla 2000 . Destroyah is the most evil of Godzilla 's opponents , bent on destroying everything and he is the equal to Godzilla . But Destroyah does not kill Godzilla . Rather Godzilla 's heart finally gives out . Godzilla , Jr. makes his appearance trying to defeat Destroyah before Godzilla , Sr. arrives . It reminds me of a teenage son trying to proves something to his Dad.While most of the movie is dark , it ends on an up note .
 It would probably be better for most people to just skip over the Space Godzilla portion of this DVD , as it is the absolute worst godzilla film ever made -LRB- next to the American version of G2K -RRB- . The 5 stars in this review refer strictly to to wonderful widescreen -LRB- as opposed to the full-screen VHS -RRB- presentation of Godzilla versus Destroyer , the conclusion of the Heisei series of Godzilla films -LRB- which began with the film Godzilla 1985 -RRB- . In it , a giant nuclear explosion has destroyed Birth Island -LRB- pronounced Bas Island in this version , but oh well -RRB- and has greatly increased the nuclear fission inside Godzillas body . His temperature has increased to nearly 1000 degrees C and is grwing steadily . To skip over the story -LRB- which is n't to bad for this film -RRB- , Godzilla will explode if this fission increase continues , wiping out all life on Earth . The Super X 3 is sent out to freeze Godzilla and slow down the fission . As soon as Godzilla thaws , the rate of fission begins to increase again , posing an even greater threat , an enormous nuclear meltdown . Destroyers -LRB- to introduce them before I forget -RRB- are a race of tiny crablike organisms that were mutated by the use of the Oxygen Destoyer in 1954 's Godzilla . They merge with each other -LRB- much like the hedriums in Godzilla versus Hedorah -RRB- until they create an enormous -LRB- and quite demonic looking at that -RRB- monster known only as Destroyer . Destroyer kills Godzilla Jr. at Haneda airport and is finally done in when Godzilla begins to meltdown and release all of his energy -LRB- cool pyrotechnics in this scene -RRB- . The super X 3 manages to freeze Godzilla and control his meltdown . All of Godzilla 's radioactivity is released , turning Tokyo into a dead city . Then , Godzilla Jr. absorbs ALL of the radiation , and reaches his next stage of developement as a full grown Godzilla.The movie , as always , could have been better , but it is a wonderful conclusion to the original Godzilla series . Akira Ifukube 's pounding musical score and more serious filming gives this Godzilla movie a much darker look than any of the other Heisei films . This is a definate must ; though , as always , I sugguest getting it on a subtitled Japanese DVD ... Well worth viewing .
 Godzilla 2000 is the BEST Godzilla movie EVER ! It had great special effects , and it had the best monsters . I went to see it when it first came out in theatres , and could n't wait for it to come out on video so that I could buy it !
 Dare i say this is the best Japanese Godzilla i have seen yet . ya i think i will say it , and i have seen all of them . FX were awsome , sound was awsome , the movie is just plain exciting the whole time your watching it , DVD please ? i 'll buy it if/when it comes out on DVD so i can watch it the way it was supposed to be with english subtitles and not the overdubbed english .
 The best of all G films . Ever since I started watching G films back in 1983 I have loved all of them . I grew up with Godzilla and will miss him . His kid is gon na have a tough pair of shoes to fill but if Toho is involved , I look forward to many more G movies -LRB- Godzilla RIP 1995 , we love ya big G !!!!!!! -RRB-
 This is the third movie to bring a tear to my eye , the other two , Godzilla 54 , Godzilla 85 . This movie rocked , it had cool sfx , and Godzilla looks awsome , Destroyah looks cool but could of put up a better fight , little G looks cool . A must have for all G-Fans .
 This is one of the best special effects Godzilla movies ever . I felt so sad for Godzilla . I wish it had ended different . Great movie . Great special effects !!!!
 This movie has great spaclie effects . The basic plot is Godzilla is going to have a melt down . As this is happing a sinentist discovers micro oxygen which is a lot like the oxygen destroyer from the 50 's . Then they discover creaters mutataed by the oxygen destroyer in the 50 's . These monsters begin a attack and befor you know it there is a 3 way fight between Godzilla , Destoyer , and Godzilla Jr. . All in All this is a great movie .
 This is definitely one of my favorite Godzilla movies , however , I 'm one of the lucky ones who has seen the original subtitled version . The dubbing stunk on this movie . It seems that Tri-Star , when they released these new Godzilla movies in the last year , put their C team on them . Anyway , The special effects are really good , except the scene where the little detroyers are swarming around . The story is great - Godzilla on the verge of nuclear meltdown . The movie is very emotional-Junior 's apparent death and the death of Godzilla . Man , that scene where Godzilla melts makes me want to cry . Akira Ifukube 's music during this scene is among his best themes . Amidts all of the movie 's apparent flaws , I highly recommend this movie . If you can get a copy of the subtitled letterbox version .
 I have seen all the godzilla movies and I must say that this is pretty much the best of them all ! The old movies are definitely classics but the 50 's -70 's effects get kinda old . This along with SOME of the new godzilla movies gives them a new veiw . When I began to watch the newer ones like G vs. Biollante , King Ghidorah , and Mothra/Battra I was a little disappointed to see the suit of godzilla , it did n't look that great . But the newest ones G vs. Mecha G , Space G , and DESTROYAH made me feel a little better . He has been around for along time and it was pretty sad to see him go , maybe his son will live as good of a life as he did !!
 Now I 've seen way more than half of all the Godzilla movies and this one has the biggest `` BITE '' of them all . I like the looks and loved the special effects ! You have to check out `` Destroyer '' , and `` Godzilla '' is bigger than ever!The story was great , espesially when Destroyer takes a great risk in Battling `` The KING ! `` This movie shows Godzilla 's ups and downs , but when Destroyer enters the scene , you never know what to expect ! You 'll have your mouth open while you watch this awesome Godzilla thriller !!
 Ever since I was two years old , Godzilla had always been my hero . When I first saw this movie , I was so heartbroken . It 's like seeing your parents melt away . This Godzilla movie had good f/x even for a Godzilla movie . I rate it the best of the new series . Along with the best villian . -LRB- even though Barney the dinosaur would have been an even more challenging than Destroyer -RRB-
 Godzilla fights a 120 meter tall monster.This is a really good movie.But really sad.Me.My self.I cryed.This is the only movie I cryed over.But all together it 's a good movie .
 What can I say . Godzilla has captured the imagination of my grandson * . If it 's anything to do with Godzilla then he 's right there in a sec . This one seems to be his favorite at the moment . He 's sure to wear it out from frequent watching . I do n't really get it -- for me if you 've seen 1 you 've seen them all , but he can go on and on and on about this movie . Too cute ! * Musta got it from my daughter cause she had an affinity for Godzilla at his age too and will sit and watch this with him even today ...
 Godzilla vs. SpaceGodzilla -LRB- 3 stars -RRB- - Several Godzilla cells mutate in outer space and the monstrous threat of SpaceGodzilla is born ! The -LRB- at the time -RRB- next to last Godzilla movie is a turgid affair . The plot -LRB- which is n't half bad -RRB- is poorly paced and the special effects range from above average to laughable -LRB- the styrofoam asteroids are just horrifying to behold -RRB- . Strictly for purists.Godzilla vs Destroyah -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- - This is one of my favorite Godzilla movies of all time and a wonderful good-bye to the Big G - who was going to move to American to make movies . Needless to say , he returned home after discovering that Hollywood had no idea how to treat him with anything close to respect . This calculated farewell has the oxygen destroyer from the very first movie mutating some prehistoric crustacean to city dwarfing size . Godzilla -LRB- who is beginning to meltdown -RRB- and Godzilla Junior show up to squash said threat . This is old school kaiju fun , and a perfect Godzilla movie for fans to introduce the unconverted with pride . Highest recommendation .
 You will not believe your eyes when you see the special effects on this movie ! When I first saw this movie , I thought it was the best ! Well anyway , Godzilla shows up in Hong Kong all red and hot . Well , it ends up that Godzilla is about to melt down due to the previous explosion by Space Godzilla -LRB- they do n't mention him , I just figured it out by watching G vs. SpaceG -RRB- . Uh , oh , now many creatures made from the oxygen destroyer from the original Godzilla are now destroying the earth ! Do n't want to spoil the rest This movie was supposed to be the last Godzilla movie ever made . Until this year -LRB- 1999 -RRB- ! Toho is now currently making another G-movie ! Look for `` Godzilla 2000 '' in theaters soon . It 's going to be released in Japan on Dec. 11 , 1999 . Anyway , BUY THIS MOVIE ! IT IS WORTH IT ! Take it from the most obsessed 13 year old Godzilla fan of the world !
 best godzilla movie ever almost better than final wars.destroyah is his cruelite enemy.and godzilla jr puts up a good fight.also godzilla dies in this one and godzilla 2000 is realy godzilla jr who exsorbed all of godzilla energy to became a full grown adult monster .
 I have n't seen the first one in this set , but Godzilla vs. Godzilla with mountains for shoulders is good . I 'm a huge fan of crappy , badly done cinema -LRB- just cause its there , I think -RRB- , and this one delivers.Apparently , Godzilla DNA out in space mutates , or something ... and it goes on from there . Then , the rubber clad lizards fight for a while , open beers , and forget what they were fighting about . In fact , they wonder why they even started ... And that 's when the fighting resumes . It 's over the affections of Rodan , beautiful Rodan ... They both want her , and in utter desperation , Godzilla pulls out a beautiful diamond ring and says his classic line `` You had me at hello . `` Rodan says yes to his proposal and Space Godzilla finds the nearest giant 12 gauge shotgun , puts the barrel in his mouth and pulls the trigger with his scaled toe ... a tragic end to Space Godzilla ... but Godzilla starts a new life in Paris with Rodan , and they forget about the whole mess ... life sure is a kick in the pants , huh , folks ? . .
 This is like 2 movies on 1 DVD , each movie is on ones side so I guess I have to split 9it in 2 : Godzilla vs Spacegodzilla : There isnt alot of eye candy stuff to look at in here , except for the cute little version of Godzilla -LRB- little Godzilla -RRB- and the cool evil twin of Godzilla -LRB- Spacegodzilla -RRB- , Spacegodzilla 's Crystal 's look so fake but his attitude is so demented and evil , very sadistic and sometimes ... scary ... ? I really didnt like how this storys goes
 These are awsome movies . Spacegodzilla is an awsome villain and definately saves the otherwise mediocre film . Destroyah , even though he looks awsome , is really kind of ... in his last form , all godzilla has to do is look at him to make him squirt blood all over everything . Overall Godzilla vs. Destroyah is the better movie , but they really should have made Destroyah tougher to beat . Definately get this DVD even if you only remotely like Japanese giant monsters .
 I will tell you about both movies : Godzilla Vs. Space Godzilla
 Godzilla vs. Destroyer should be watched by anyone who even has the faintest interest in Godzilla . Right off the bat , you 'll love the special effects . As soon as you see Godzilla rise from the ocean with glowing red patches and veins popping out of his body complimented by glowing eyes and spines , you just stare at it in awe . Added with a nice touch , there came Super X3 . It 's kind of like a cross between a jet and a tank . The scene in which its freezing weapons are used on Godzilla is pretty cool . And when the police fight the small crab Destroyer things , before converging into a monster , the attack is pretty well organized . You can tell the staff took a lot of time on all of this . The story is like this
 I watched all the 90 's versions of the Godzilla movies in one sitting and even thou the ` time line ' of the story line has enough holes in it to drive a mack truck thru . This movie stands as one of the best movies made . -LRB- if you ignore the holes from the other movies -RRB- This movie is a direct sequel to the Godzilla Vs Space Godzilla . In that movie you can actually see the moment when Godzilla pushes himself too far and overloads his heart . In the beginning of this movie we find out that Godzilla having damaged his heart in the battle with Space Godzilla is trying to find his offspring Godzilla Jr.Meanwhile the Japanese are trying to find a way to help Godzilla for once instead of trying to destroy him . Using the SX-3 they manage to temporaryly halt Godzilla 's nuclear energy by freezing him . In the mean time a scientist manages to make a air destroyer virus which is similar to one used in the original movie . -LRB- ignore the time line error here -RRB- . The problem is that the virus mutates and grows to the point where it damages a construction site.Godzilla Jr. attempts to fight the Destroyah but is defeated . Godzilla soon arrives on the scene and defeats the monster . During a touching moment between Godzilla and Godzilla Jr. . The Destroyah attacks and Godzilla Jr is killed.Godzilla mournes his loss and in one touching line from the movie . `` It looks like this will be Godzilla 's Last Battle ! '' Godzilla manages to impart some of his energy to Godzilla Jr 's body before finally defeating Destroyah.The death scene is sad and moving . I liked to think that the last cry from Godzilla was a roar of defience instead of farewell as his body melts . The ending is sad and will bring tears to all Godzilla fans over the world as the twist in the ending will also make the same fans give a cheer !
 To this day , I am still not sure whether if Godzilla is the good guy or the bad guy or perhaps a combination of both . The 1950 's I would have said Godzilla is the bad guy but in the 1970 's he seems to be a hero !!! Anyway , lets take a look at the 90 's version of Godzilla . Yep , defintely a combination of good and bad , one minute Godzilla is smashing up Tokyo , the next minute he is saving Japan from aliens or mutants or whatever they are . This movie Godzilla vs Destroyah being the final installment in the series continues on from the SpaceGodzilla film.Special effects , monster action is the main reason for the stars , forget about the plot if its too confusing that is . When I got this film , I knew that Godzilla would die at the end , because of reading other reviews , but if your a Godzilla fan you would get it too.I must say that Godzilla looks terrible , having half of his body covered in red and blood coloured eyes . However his red spines and new red laser heat blast has a lot more impact than the simple blue laser blast.Seeing Godzilla cry is another surprisement , but come on now , every living thing has emotions and feelings . The final part where he slowly melts down is sad and tearful , but remember Godzilla fans , Godzilla is one Monster that will never die !!! A very good film which surpasses SpaceGodzilla , but I still think that this film is equal to Godzilla vs MechaGodzilla II.Recommended to all G Fans !! Long Live Godzilla !!!!
 What can I say that has n't been voiced yet . the very first day that my video of Godzilla Vs. Destroyah arrived I watched it 6 times back to back . I could n't get enough ! Godzilla at his best . now I look forward to the 23rd movie to be released on tape . This Movie is a must see for any Godzilla fan . for me it awakened that child in me remembering those saturday afternoons watching Godzilla on my old b & w tv set , wondering if Godzilla was going to save or destory the earth . This is a great movie for both parent and child to see together . I just loved it .
 This movie was wonderful . It did n't have the action like MechaGodzilla II , but it really had it 's moments . I 'm glad that this movie really rebounded from `` Godzilla vs. SpaceGodzilla , '' which in my opinion was the worst new series Godzilla movie . This movie was n't cheesy at all and I liked how they added in Godzilla Junior in all of this .
 All I can really want to say is the color and picture quality is incredibly good , especially in Godzilla VS Destoroyah . Any Godzilla fan with a DVD player MUST buy this just to see what I mean . Sound quality is also excellent . BUY THIS NOW ! The color is UNBELIEVABLE !
 This DVD is of very high quality and the Destroyah movie was excellent , but that stupid , mediocre Space Godzilla movie brought this DVD down and prevented it from getting 5 stars . That movie is just loaded with stupid , boring characters and the fights are uneventful . The only thing that saved the movie was the awesome design of Space Godzilla and the cute Little Godzilla . Destroyah really needs no introduction to Kaiju fans . Needless to say , it rules .
 This movie is the perfect climax to this series of Godzilla films . The plot , graphics , and music combine to set the atmosphere for the death and resurrection of Godzilla . The ending of the movie will bring a tear to any Godzilla fan of any age.This movie is a great prequel of the Godzilla movies to come in the next century .
 Not many monsters out there can compare with Destroyah , except of course the other tite monster and his shining appearance . Honestly , bringing Jr. back to life as a full-sized big green one shows that Godzilla can be beaten but he will live on no matter how HOT the circumstances .
 this movie is great and is very cool to see , it has better special effects and was great !
 a must get movie for godzilla fan
 There just is n't enough to say about this movie . It 's fantastic . It has the best special effects of any G movie , the music from Akira Ifukube is superb -LRB- as always , -RRB- and it has an emotional side to it . Even though the destroyers look like Alien rip-offs , they 're stull cool . I was fortunate enough to buy the non-dubbed , English subtitled version of this movie . But it does n't matter either way . This movie will rip your heart out and keep you glued to the tube for 105 exciting minutes . But before you buy this one , buy Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla . It has the origin of Godzilla Jr. . But for now , this movie kicks serious monster tushy . Gamera eat your heart out .
 This movie rocks!Godzilla looked cool with that reddish glare.And that scene where Godzilla freezes and falls in the water was great.However , the end did kinda get to me.Godzilla 's heat ray looks even better than the last.And Godzilla jr. was n't little anymore.Overall , this movie was nothing less of a masterpiece .
 This movie is the BEST next to the first one . The Godzilla on the verge of meltdown is nothing less than spectacular . Even though I bought this a few months ago , it still amazes me . The Super X3 is a very fine machine -LRB- considering the other 2 Super X 's were destroyed . -RRB- The special effects are spectacular . Destroyer is really cool and the music is superb . Godzilla 's death scene is sad . However , the footage from the first Godzilla movie at the end is a nice touch . I hope Godzilla 2000 -LRB- the movie being made now in Japan -RRB- is as good as Godzilla vs. Destoroyah .
 This ultimately has to be the best Godzilla film ever ! Godzilla feals the pain of his loved one Godzilla jr. and has to come and kill Destoroyah ! This film will make you feel sad for both Godzillas !!!! I write this review only minutes after I see this movie for a second time ! You must see this film to see a Godzilla film !
 This has to be the best Godzilla I 've ever seen . If you can read this , your movies are and will always be my favorite . Brian Kelley
 I think this movie is a little overated and the special F/X look like they 've been downgraded from Godzilla vs. SpaceGodzilla but the acting is okay , monsters look cool , battle scenes are the best , and it has a good plot.When Godzilla dies at the end it 's kind of a tear jerker but Godzilla , JR. alive so we look forward to seeing him in Godzilla 2000 , which comes out in Japan in December .
 This is the last film of the Heisei line of Godzilla films , and is awesome as such . While it pales in comparison to the original `` Gojira '' and 1999 's `` Gamera 3 , '' it is certainly one of my favorite Godzilla movies . In this movie , a burning mad -LRB- literall -RRB- Godzilla arrives at , and destroys , Hong Kong -LRB- not Japan , for the first time in the Heisei series -RRB- , while Akira Ifukube 's awesome music plays in the background . From the opening sequences alone -LRB- including the title sequence -RRB- , you know that you are in for something different . The next scenes until the arrival of Jr. in Tokyo follows the story of where Godzilla will strike next , what happened to Little Godzilla from the last two movies , and what is up with the giant red crab-like creatures attacking Tokyo . When the crabs converge into one giant creature , Godzilla Jr. arrives in Tokyo and the two fight . Jr. is badly wounded , but he manages to -LRB- seemingly -RRB- kill Destroyer . Then , Godzilla arrives and communicates with his son until Destroyer is reborn in an awesome scene . Destroyer then grabs his first foe -LRB- Jr. -RRB- and proceeds to drop him from hundreds of meters up onto a building , mortally wounding him . Godzilla mourns the death of his son , until Destroyer attacks him from behind , laughing at Godzilla 's sadness -LRB- making Destroyer the only Godzilla , if any monster , foe that you truly start to hate -RRB- . After this , an epic battle takes place that is n't just a beam war like the previous few movies were . Finally , Godzilla hits 1200 degrees and dies as Destroyer is finally killed by a freezer attack . Ifukube 's haunting and powerful music along with a silence of all other noise creates a powerfully sad scene . However , through the radioactive fog after the meltdown , we suddenly see the silhouette of Godzilla Jr. in his final form , and then the movie ends . My only complaint about the movie itself are the crab vs. police scenes that are obviously a rip-off of similar scenes from `` Alien . '' Other than this , the movie is good , with passable SFX -LRB- except for several crab sequences -RRB- . My biggest complaint about this video release is that it cuts off the end credits -LRB- in the original movie , it shows more scenes from `` Gojira '' and then scenes from all the Heisei movies while playing to another Ifukube masterpeice -RRB- . Other than this , the movie is great . I highly recommend it .
 This is the 22nd film in the long-running , enourmously-popular Godzilla series . It is the second best , the first best being , with no doubt , Godzilla -LRB- 1954 -RRB- -LRB- The original cut without Raymond Burr -RRB- . The Plot
 this movie is one of the best in the heisi series , a very sad and emotional movie , i cried when the big G gave his last mournful roar . the very thing that granted him life , was also his death blow . -LRB- sigh -RRB- im just glad jr. is here for the millinium .
 One of the saddist movies I have ever seen ! But also one of the best ! The king is Dead . Long live the King of Monsters
 This is probably the best Godzilla movie in the 90 's series . Godzilla is melting down due to his nuclear energy . While Japan tries to figure out how to avoid Godzillas meltdown and their own destruction along with it , a new monster has been born . Destoroyah was born from the oxygen destroyer used to kill Godzilla way back in the original movie . Destoroyah attacks Japan and takes up a fight with the new Godzilla JR. . Godzilla soon arrives close to meltdown -LRB- death -RRB- to help his son and japan against his greatest foe in an action packed finale ' . This movie is entertaing from beginning to end . Two big thumbs up , dont miss this one , even if youre not a fan of Godzilla ! -LRB- but how could you not be ? -RRB-
 This dvd is really good but do n't expect HIGH QUALITY VIDEO ! From time to time you will notice minor issues with video quality but all in all an excellent dvd . The only reason I give this 4 STARS is due to the minor video quality issues . Good stuff !
 If you are a fan of Godzilla , this double feature disk is a must own ! Showcasing the final two films of the Heisei era , both films play vital roles in the Godzilla saga .1 . Godzilla vs. SpaceGodzilla - Okay , this one is definately the weaker of the two films on this disk . Actually `` SpaceGodzilla '' may be the weakest entry in Heisei series . The basic storyline is that there are two factions in the government fighting over the Godzilla problem faced by Japan . Should he be killed or controlled ? Using a psychic , one group launches Project T with hopes that Godzilla can be controlled and used to do the psychic 's bidding . On the other hand the military has created Moguera , a poor man 's version of MechaGodzilla in hopes of dealing with the rampaging lizard.While all this is going on , SpaceGodzilla shows up and kind of pees on everyones Wheaties by attacking Godzilla and capturing Little Godzilla.SpaceGodzilla probably looked like a good idea on paper , but on film he just comes off as clunky and not very threatening . Saddled with this HUGE -LRB- and I mean HUGE -RRB- Crystal shell on his back , he looks as though he can barely move let alone fight . Once he sheds most of the shell he 's still stuck with these two giant crytals jutting out of his shoulders and it looks as though it 's a struggle simply to raise his arms . Mothra is listed as being in this , but she is only shown in a brief shot still flying into space , basically a cameo appearance . There are a couple mini-Mothra messengers but that is about it . Overall this is a pretty weak film , but it is somewhat important as it sets up a couple events seen in the next film . 2 Stars out of 5.2 . Godzilla vs. Destoroyah - In case you were wondering , it 's pronounced `` Destoryer '' . This is definately the best film of the Heisei series , and for me personally one of the best films of the entire Godzilla series ! Godzilla is basically a walking nuclear reactor , and bad news for the world ... he 's going into meltdown mode ! Hoping to destory Godzilla before he goes nuclear , the military look to the success Dr. Kyohei Yamane had with the Oxygen Destroyer 50 years previously and bring in his grandson to work on another Oxygen Destoryer device . Unfortunately , a strange new life form has sprouted up where the original Oxygen Destroyed was detonated . This new life form begin to grow rapidly into a bunch of viscous 10 foot tall creatures that begin destorying Tokyo.This is a great movie , Godzilla looks phenomenal with his `` lava rash '' , Destoroyah is awesome looking , and poses a genuine threat . There is one great scene with a reporter stuck in a car trying to evade a Destoroyah that is simply nail-biting fun ! The film score is top notch with Toho and Godzilla veteran Akira Ifukube providing the music in what would be his last film score before his death . The special effects , the acting -LRB- both physical and the dubbing -RRB- are top notch , the storyline is a notch above most other entries in the series as well . Overall I give this entry 5 out of 5 stars !
 I bought this disc a while back , and I really liked it . It has two movies on one disc , one movie on each side . It 's performance is excellent . The japanese language is n't available , but it 's still great . I personally think Godzilla vs. Destroyah is the best out of the two . Godzilla looks awsome and the ending is very emotional thanks to Akira Ifukube who came out of retirement for Godzilla 's final bow . On that note , the music throughout the film is very powerful . It begins and ends the story perfectly.Godzilla vs. Spacegodzilla is good too . It 's a story in which Godzilla battles against another counterpart . But this time , his clone is evil . And of course , he has to put up with yet another man-made machine . It 's the sequel to Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla 2 , and yes , his son -LRB- who is very cute this time -RRB- is in the story . If you 're looking for the ending of the Heisi series of Big G , this is it .
 Lots of monster action and special effects that delight my grandkids the `` crumb brothers '' . We babysit them one saturday a month and when they walk in the house , it is Godzilla Pa , lets watch Godzilla . Entertaining movies that I enjoy as much as them . The movies are basic action that is easy to follow the storyline for them .
 these are both great movies , but godzilla vs. destroya definentaly has an edge over godzilla vs. space godzilla . They are really both great and for a great price , it 's definentaly worth it !!!!
 This movie started when the first movie left off . A brilliant concept . TOHO PICTURES LTD. should be congratulated for a job well done . I thought that the movie should Godzilla to be more human in this movie then in the past movies . It was a good story concept . However , I had a hard time to acquire a DVD copy of the original DVD of the first movie . Finally , though , I did get one -LRB- the power of the internet -RRB- . I thought that the movie contained good special effects and a good story line . I would recommend this movie to every Godzilla Fan .
 This movie started when the first movie left off . A brilliant concept . TOHO PICTURES LTD. should be congratulated for a job well done . I thought that the movie should Godzilla to be more human in this movie then in the past movies . It was a good story concept . However , I had a hard time to acquire a DVD copy of the original DVD of the first movie . Finally , though , I did get one -LRB- the power of the internet -RRB- . I thought that the movie contained good special effects and a good story line . I would recommend this movie to every Godzilla Fan .
 this is a great movie . I like the fact that the godzilla movies now have real story plots and make more sense not to say that the old ones were not good but they were more of a kids movie and they made godzilla a good guy . NOW all of the godzilla movies from 1985 thrue 2000 and on followed the original movie and acted as if none of the other movies have ever taken place . SO I guess if thats the way TOHO is taking it Mabe we will see another KINGKONG VS. GODZILLA MOVIE . but the ending of this movie was cool it showed GODZILLA HAVING A MELTDOWN BECAUSE OF THE RADIATION LEVELS . AND IT SAW THE RISE OF THE NEXT CHAPTER WITH LITTLE GODZILLA BECOMING A TRUE MONSTR AND HE BEGINS TO TAKE OVER WITH GODZILLA 2000 . WHICH IS SHOWING IN THEATERS ON AUGUST 18 IN AMERICA . THIS MOVIE DESERVES 2000 stars mabe more so buy it
 This was the saddest thing I 've ever seen ! I hardly ever cry , but I could n't help it ! It had spectacular SFX -LRB- waaaaaaaaaaay better than those cheep modern Gamera films -RRB- ! This is n't a must-see , it 's a ca n't - miss !
 This movie is absolutely the best Godzilla film I 've ever seen ! The SFX are the best I 've seen in any Godzilla movie , and the action is unforgettable . The scenes of the Destroyah creatures and the final battle between the way cool Godzilla Jr. and his slowly dying father are exciting and well done ! The beginning is exciting , and the opening theme is the coolest ever ! In this movie Godzilla succombs to a meltdown -LRB- it was sad to see him die , but the sadness is short-lived if you see this movie because it has a very surprising and well done finale -RRB- . This is Toho 's absolute greatest achievement and I look forward to the upcoming GODZILLA 2000
 I think that this movie was great but destroyah mainly appears only at the end at his final stage I think that this movie needed some more action in it they should have made where Destroyah appears in his final stage more often and attacks Tokyo instead of him just appearing at the end of the film . I still think that this movie was great . I liked the way godzilla looked like the reason why they wanted to kill godzilla off is because Japan wanted to stop making godzilla movies .
 I saw the original Japanese version of this film -LRB- subtitled -RRB- and thought that Godzilla could not have gone out more gracefully . The special effects were far superior than in the more recent films . I felt that the death of Junior was not exactly called for , but then again , there 's Godzilla 2000 which is coming out in Japan this December so Junior is definitely going to follow in his father 's footsteps .
 That one word describes this movie . I loved it , even if the best monster ever made dies in it . Get past the dubbing , and this movie is a flick that will keep you fixated as well as gut-wrenching . Akira Ifukube , as always , delivers a masterpiece of a score , and the FX are some of the best of the recent G movies . Destroyer , while in its first forms has a double mouth , id a very original monster besides . Created from the aftermath of the Oxygen Destroyer created by Dr. Serizawa , this movie is very good at keeping the mood dark , as well as it should . This is the darkest Godzilla movie made except the original . This movie is a must own for any monster fan .
 I saw this movie last year in subtitles , and the first words out of my mouth were `` Wow '' . I could n't believe Godzilla died though . Destoroyah is the ultimate Villian , and he is mutated from the only weapon ever effective against Godzilla , The dreaded Oxygen Destroyer used in 1954 . Godzilla and Jr have to uyse everything they both have , and so does the rest of japan , as Godzilla 's heart , the equivalent of a nuclear reactor , is melting down . If he is n't stopped , he will explode , causing all life on the planet to be wiped out , and the planet earth , destroyed . As Godzilla and Jr fight against Detoroyah , The G-force and Japan must stop Godzilla from melting down , in the end , he dies , and so does Jr , but Godzilla 's radioactive energy revies Jr , but th en meltdown also destoys the ultimate threat once anf for all , as Destoroyah is wiped out , forever .
 This Godzilla film is by far the best that Toho has made in their 45 year history . Godzilla , melting down and all , still delivers a great performance and he still manages to defeat his adversary with ease . Toho had the great idea of Godzilla Jr. absorbing all of Godzilla 's radiation and having him transform into a full grown Godzilla . It leaves Godzilla fans waiting to here what they are going to do with him . I recommend this movie to all people . Even Non-Godzilla fans will like this one !
 I have been a fan of the Big G -LRB- Gojira/Godzilla to those who do n't know -RRB- for a very long time and this is the only one to bring me to tears . I loved every second even though I knew that G would die at the end of it all . What I really had a problem with is the fact of G 's son dieing , something I remember differently from the Japanese dub where it stated he was hurt -LRB- please correct me if I 'm wrong here -RRB- very badly . Though definately surviving . This was deliberate to make a sequel in which the Big G 's son stars in -LRB- Gojira Millenium -RRB- . Still , despite this it is a very enjoyable movie and if you are like me , have the kleenex handy , you may need it .
 You can truly feel Godzilla 's pain when Junior is killed . And when Godzilla 's nuclear heart finally melts down , it 's the saddest day that ever dawned for G-fans . The only way to see this movie is in the original Japanese , subtitles if you need them . The dubbing on this is not bad , but the Japanese is just the best . And this film features the scariest Godzilla foe since Rodan . Watch . Learn . Weep . Wait for G-2000 .
 When I first heard about this film , I hated and said I would never buy it . Why ? BECAUSE GODZILLA DIES ! I been a G-fan since Kindergarden I 'm in the 6th grade now -RRB- and he was going to die . He 's better than even King Kong ! But this was because I thought the series was going to end . But soon I heard about and waited for `` GODZILLA '' -LRB- 1998 , and I must say I was really disaptend -RRB- . And `` GODZILLA 2000
 The Heisei series closes with what is arguably one of the best Godzilla films ever made . Abandoning any trace of humor , Destroyah is an apocolyptic and , at times , scary tale . Koichi Kawakita out-does himself with his burning Godzilla and assorted creature effects . Scenes of the Big G suffering at the hands of both his own radioactivity and the monstrous Destroyah are guaranteed to ellicit winces from the audience , especially long-time G fans . The cast is good , bringing an air of reality to the proceedings . Akira Ifukube contributes his last score and it is a thunderous masterpiece full of intense emotional expressions . G. vs Destroyah is a dark and moody film that hearkens back to the 1954 original . A must-see !
 Lush green tropical island settings , beautiful sunsets shared by a plucky elfish psychic and her future test pilot beau . Not the typical fare for a Godzilla movie . However , battles in Tokyo amidst crystalline stalagmites against a powerful cosmic opponent , with the help of a mecha . . well , now we 're talking . After being subjected to the putrid Ferris Bueller version last year it was with immense pleasure I saw that they were releasing the latest Toho versions on DVD . This is the second set , and includes Godzilla vs Destroyah as well . While the 1998 version lacked among most other things , the pedigree of the earlier films , these 90 's versions provide us fans once again with Godzilla the way it should be portrayed . Government factions bicker about killing or controlling Godzilla , we 're introduced to the controlling psychic , and her counterpart , a toughened military rogue intent on revenge . Japan 's latest tool against Godzilla is a giant mecha which appears to have been designed with a nod to the Mysterions . In the grand history of Jet Jaguar , it ends up helping Godzilla against . . Space Godzilla . Born of G cells cast into space by either Biollante or Mothra -LSB- whose twins make appearances , only to the psychic -RSB- , Space Godzilla does the ultimate Dolly the Clone and returns to earth to , well , kill it 's genetic progenitor . Miniya gets in the way , even though he 's now blowing more soap bubbles fires than smoke rings . I wonder what ever happened to little Ichiro , anyway . If you have n't seen any of Toho 's 90 's versions of the Godzilla films , and you 're a fan of the series , you 're in for a treat . Enhanced rubber suit , great camera angles , more intricate mini-sets , plus computer graphics combine for some awesome effects . The back story is tolerable as well , with the Yakuza even getting in on the act trying to kidnap the psychic . Caesar warned against the skinny guys , and it holds true in this version of Godzilla for the betrayer . For someone who 's enjoyed the series for 25 + years it was great to see these Japan-release-only versions make it to the states , and rekindle some of that nostalgic feeling that was so disappointingly lacking in the 1998 re-make . Side note
 Tell most people that there were many Godzilla and other Toho monster films made in the 1990 's they look at you with a blank stare . The only current Godzilla movies most folks are aware of is the big , lumbering , boring Tri-Star film of two years ago.Lots of fun , action , and the certainty that there is , in fact , an actor in a rubber suit smashing fake buildings ... -LRB- isnt that the real reason we watch Godzilla movies ? -RRB- much more fun than some nerd computer programmer pushing buttons , eh?I worked in a video store that owned a copy of the Japanese laserdiscs of these movies and they never failed to get a big response from our customers any time we played them!My only complaint is the lack of any supplemental material , and no Japanese soundtrack . But , I suppose having two films on one disk prevented that ... and dubbed in English is better than not existing at all ... and they ARE letterboxed , so I suppose that is all I can ask for !
 This movie is the BEST next to the first one . The Godzilla on the verge of meltdown is nothing less than spectacular . Even though I bought this a few months ago , it still amazes me . The Super X3 is a very fine machine -LRB- considering the other 2 Super X 's were destroyed . -RRB- The special effects are spectacular . Destroyer is really cool and the music is superb . Godzilla 's death scene is sad . However , the footage from the first Godzilla movie at the end is a nice touch . I hope Godzilla 2000 -LRB- the movie being made now in Japan -RRB- is as good as Godzilla vs. Destoroyah .
 This is what the TriStar atrocity should 've been like ! Fast-paced action , great story , and outstanding effects that did n't rely on cartoonish computer animation ! The opening attack by Godzilla on Hong Kong is terrifying , and the drama surrounding the monster 's imminent meltdown is top-notch . Fortunately , Toho is new working on their own new Godzilla film for December 1999 , `` Godzilla Millennium . ''
 Godzilla vs Destroyer is awesome ! If you have n't seen it , I wont say anything . This one is one of my favorites . My very favorite is Godzilla vs Spacegodzilla . The only one I havent seen is Godzilla vs Mechagodzilla 2 because it is not on video so no rating for that . I suggest you see and buy Godzilla vs Destroyer and Godzilla vs Spacegodzilla . I always say a godzilla movie is a good movie especially the heisis serie movies . You have to see THIS MOVIE !!!!!!
 THE HONG KONG PART WAS AN AWSOME , SUPER DUPER , COOL GODZILLA PART.GODZILA 'S STOMACH WAS COOL.HE LOOKED AWSOME AND BETTER THAN EVER.THE BATTLE SCENES ARE AWSOME.THE DESTROYERS PART WITH THE POLICE BATTLE WAS AWSOME.EVEN SUPER X 3 . THE PLACE THEY FIGHT AT IS COOL -LRB- THE AIRPORT -RRB- . EVEN LITTLE GODZILLA , HE GREW BIGGER AND WAS COOL LIKE THE FATHER -LRB- GODZILLA -RRB- . GODZILLA DOES DIE IN THE MOVIE BY A MELTDOWN DESEASE.THE END WAS COOL WHEN JUNIOR GETS BIG AND ROARS LIKE GODZILLA.THIS IS MY FAVORITE GODZILLA FILM.I THINK THIS ONE IS BETTER THAN GODZILLA 98 .
 Do n't expect your usual Hollywood F/X or acting as the budget for this movie is tiny compared to Hollywood standards . Despite this budget limitation , this movie is great . This is a true Japanese monster movie which comes closer to modern , impressive special effects . Excellent story line and acting . If you ever enjoyed giant monster -LRB- kaiju -RRB- movies , this is a must see .
 I love this movie . The Destoroyah 's are awesome , but it does have a lot of `` Alien '' powers , such as that stuff that it sprays , and that double jaw , ugh !!! The final battle and computer simulations of Godzilla 's meltdown really redeem the convulted plot . Destoroyah is the most confusing monster ever , both in genesis and weaknesses . The best power that Destoroyah has is his laser horn , nearly cutting off the big-G 's arm . Destoroyah was finally destroyed when the Super X-III 's freezing laser liquified his Micro Oxygen reserves .
 OK , I know that a lot of people here hate Space Godzilla , and that 's their right . But I do n't take my Godzilla too seriously , and I thought S. Godzilla had a lot of fun aspects to it :1 . -RRB- Miki 's haircut2 . -RRB- The weird , otherworldly atmostphere the monster creates in the heart of Fukuoka3 . -RRB- Those crystal torpedos ! 4 . -RRB- Miki gets a boyfriend5 . -RRB- Yuki , the Japanese Clint Eastwood6 . -RRB- Godzilla 's emerging from the sea . One of the best .7 . -RRB- That arc of electricity playing between S. Godzilla 's -- antlers , or whatever .8 . -RRB- One of the best-ever lines spoken in a Godzilla film , by the NASA representative : `` NASA was unable to come up with an explanation for this . We can only speculate that it must have been some sort of Huge Monster . `` Destroyah is thrilling . The ending is spectacular and appropriately epic . But I wish Yuki had been in this one , too . -LRB- NOTE
 Now most people hate this two G films out of all the Godzilla made in the 90 's . But what thefans do n't know is this two flims had one thing that the other Godzilla 90 's could never have ... a real plot.Godzilla vs. Space Godzilla is a great film . Sure some parts were pretty campy in here , but hey , it 's godzilla . I just hate baby godzilla , he acts so cute , it 's annoying . I like Space Godzilla because he 's is Godzilla but more powerful and he 's from space . Overall I like this one.Godzilla vs. Destoroyah was really good but too sad . This is the only time I like baby godzilla because he 's all grown up . The monster Destoryah was one of the best Godzilla Monsters ever , unlike the other bad monsters of Godzila 90 's films , Destoroyah is actully evil . Why well he almost kill Godzilla 's son , and no mmonster would ever dare to do that . I hated to see Godzilla die in here it 's so sad . I wish Toho used the alternate ending instead because in there Godzilla went out in a Blaze of Glory -LRB- u can only see that ending on the internet -RRB- . I really like this film .
 Yes , you read right folks - a tear jerker , but i will get to that later . This film really ca n't get much more exciting . Things start of Fast Paced as we have Godzilla in all his glory stinkin ' up Tokyo -LRB- He has had a radiation overdose from Obsorbing Space Godzillas energy so i reccomend you view that one first , so he is burning with red/orange on his chest and legs -RRB- And the brilliant G-Center brains find out its a Radiation and Godzilla is heading to a Thermonuclear explosion -LRB- In latter terms , the end of the world -RRB- . So they have to ` quietly ' destroy Godzilla . They create and ozygen destryer - and later in this film this ` oxygen destryoer ' goes nuts and turns into DESTROYAH -LRB- Destroyer is how to pronounce -RRB- And the G-Center gets to cool Godzilla off with the SX-III , and Godzilla goes underwater . This Destroyah is evolving to its Final ` Alien ' form - and Godzilla comes outta the Sea again burnin up - So G-Force gets Godzilla and Destroyah to duke it out - hopin the oxygen destroyah will kill Godzilla . Godzilla temprature is rising rapidly , and soon after he ` kills ' destroyah - his Dorsal Fins begin to melt . Then Destroyah comes back and tries to get Godzilla but godzilla iis now to ` HOT ' . His termonuclear breath is hotter than hell - and Godzilla takes out Destroyah . Godzillas temp . reachers 1200 celcius - and the SX-III freezes him . His temprature goes down so Godzilla here is melting down with a temprature of 900 c so Armagendon is prevented . Slowly - Godzilla discinegrates :--LRB- . This was supposedly the end of the Godzilla films forever - but it wasnt so i gave it 5 stars.I LOVED THIS FILM . This was an exciting action filled flick . Unlike Godzilla vs Biollante , the action is fast and there seems to always be action going on . Be warned you really should keep tissue at handy - the final scene really is sad . * sniffsniff * . A great G flick though - get this one AND Godzilla vs Space Godzilla -LRB- this is kind of a continuity of Godzilla vs SpaceGodzilla -RRB- One of the best Godzilla films ever - EXCELLENT . Get it now ! Click the friggin order button !
 Why do I say finally ? Well , just look at what Godzilla had become before this new generation of Big-G movies popped up
 The expertly-done conclusion of the Godzilla series . The basic plot is that Godzilla 's nuclear heart is dying and it will only be a matter of time before it melts down completely . While Godzilla goes on a rampage , a new enemy forms , little crustaceons that mutated from the soil where the oxygen destroyer was used to kill Godzilla in the original 1956 Godzilla . They are driven away , but keep coming back in bigger forms . Godzilla Junior , Godzilla 's thought-dead son , reappears and attacks the monster , Destroyah . But Destroyah mutates into his final 120ft form and kills Godzilla Junior . Godzilla comes , and , angry with rage , dukes it out with Destroyah , killing the evil monster . Then his heart melts down , sending a blizzard of radioactive energy into the air . Godzilla is dead . But the lifeless body of Godzilla Junior absorbs the energy from his father and mutates into his final form . Godzilla is reborn ! This is a can not miss for G-Fans , and a great film for non G-Fans also .
 Hailing from the UK , its not often Big G pokes his head above the water over here . For example , as far as I am aware , there are no plans to release G 2000 ; either theatrically or on video -LRB- rental or sell thru -RRB- . So to get our hands on this baby was , well ... ! Godzilla v Destroyah is a fine swan song for the mighty Godzilla . The premise of the Oxygen Destroyer , the multi-form Destroyah creature , the many homages to western sci-fi/action films -LRB- go spot 'em -RRB- and - in particular , a cameo from the Japanese actress Momoko Kochi , who originally played Emiko Yamane in the '54 ` Zilla , were inspired . Ifukubi 's soundtrack is fantastic , both dramatic and subtle as the plot requires . The sfx are excellent in the main . Everything we Godzila fans have come to expect from a good kaju Eiga . As for the finale-fabulous . The Adult Destroyah is a fantastic design , a worthy final adversary for the Big G . We liked the multiple spider form attack the best ! Yes , and by the end it was waaaaaarmbulance time ! Big G , gone but not quite ! Hurrah for G 2000 . On the down side -LRB- alas , fans there is one -RRB- , the dubbing though fairly typical for the genre , was a bit on the ` revisionist ' side with the plot . At times scenes are being explained before they unfold -LRB- same prob - only worse - with G vs MechaG -RRB- . Or , what was being spouted by the -LRB- ahem -RRB- ` voice actors , ' just did n't match the action on screen ! Confusion , or mere irritation were our watch words . Hilarious or infuriating - you choose . The end titles , looked forward to with dribbling anticipation , with their medly of images from the Heisei series , were chopped at about fifteen seconds in ; then finito . No credits , no nothing . Without as much as a ` by your leave . ' Come on Tristar - get yer finger out ! Then again , look at the lard buttocked puddin ' that was the remake . Disappointed , enough said . We have 18 of the series up to now -LRB- on VHS and DVD -RRB- . This one is a fine addition to our collection and well worth the wait and import duty , despite the latter comments-go buy now . You wo n't regret it !
 What a change . These movies differ completely from their ancestors in the sixties and sventies . Despite the fact that Godzilla is a desastrous creature , it becomes somehow a friend of mankind . The new introduced G-Force gives a nice - whereas also harmless - framework for the human actors of the movie . The picture quality is very good as is the sound . If you know the places in Japan it 's fun to watch how Space Godzilla destroys Fukuoka on Kyushu island and Destroyah is planing Ariake - the big fairground in Tokyo , an artificial island in Tokyo bay , build of GARBAGE . Guess what the director thought ... I was most amazed by the turn of the story towards the ` good ' Godzilla and for lovers of these movies it 's - IMHO - an absolute must . But I also have to underline what many other reviewers wrote
 At six bucks apiece , these two films are a pretty darn good deal . As a fan of forty years , all Godzilla movies seem enjoyable to me , but the second one -LRB- with the nasty Destroyah -RRB- is really well done . Heartily recommended .
 If you see one Godzilla film this year make it Godzilla vs Destoroyah . The story line is good , the action is some of the best to come out of Toho . The special effects are n't too shabby either . I highly recommend buying this movie .
 This movie was very sad ! The very thing that gave Godzilla life , destroys him . But as reviewer Robert Betts said , there is going to be a Godzilla 2000 , with Jr. taking the lead .
 Godzilla vs. Destoroyah is the greatest Godzilla film ever and will always be . It can never be topped . This of one of my top 5 favorite movies of all time !!! The ending scene is so great it will bring tears to your eyes and you will never ever forget it . THE LEGEND WILL NEVER DIE ! LONG LIVE GODZILLA JR. . !
 This movie was much better than Spacegodzilla vs. Godzilla . In this movie godzilla 's flames are much more impressive , it 's like red fire in a darker red fire spiral . It was sad when godzilla died but at least godzilla jr. took his place as king of the monsters -LRB- godzilla jr. absorbed his energy -RRB- . I liked the part when the Super X III was trying to cool down godzilla . When he froze it looked cool and the freeze missiles were awesome ! Destoroyah is my 2nd favorite character after Spacegodzilla . I liked destoroyah 's horn mainly for the horn katana attack -LRB- I really loved it -RRB- . Since I like fat things I thought it was nice toho made destoroyah fat . It was also sad godzilla jr. died -LRB- he was still growing up to be an adult ! -RRB- but he absorbed has dad 's energy and was revived . The beginning was pretty good with the king of the monsters running amok in Hong Kong -LRB- huh ? I thought he was supposed to be in Tokyo !? -RRB- . But I will always like Spacegodzilla better than destoroyah .
 Godzilla vs SpaceGodzilla is an awesome movie . SpaceGodzilla is a cool monster . Little Godzilla is so adorable ! I love that little guy.Godzilla vs Destroyah is a very sad movie . It is as sad as Old Yeller . Godzilla 's death is as sad as the death of Old Yeller .
 I like the security of knowing , when my grandkids watch these movies , there is a moral lesson and no vulgar language or nudity . That is very important to me . Thank you
 THE DEATH OF GODZILLA . NOT KIDDING . DEAD . GONE . NOT COMING BACK -LRB- unless cloned or actually his son in future releases -RRB- . Godzilla actually DIES in Godzilla vs. Destoroyah and is replaced by Son of Godzilla -LRB- Minya?I think that is accurate -RRB- . Godzilla history that is a MUST HAVE , pull out the stops , buy it at all costs purchase . I can not give a higher recommendation for a Godzilla movie -LRB- s -RRB- .
 Another well priced double feature . Anamorphic widescreen , multiple language options , subtitles . Good picture quality . good sound . And its the last two godzilla flicks of the 2oth century .
 Fun for the whole family ! The kids love it ! Easy menus , english dubbing available as well as original Japanese version ! Worth the money for a classic movie lover ! this double feature rocks !
 When I first watched these two movies , I liked them . Although Godzilla v.s Spacegodzilla is my least favorite movie from the Hesei series , if your ' e a Godzilla fan , you get over some of the wierdness.Godzilla v.s Spacegodzilla : the movie begins a year after Godzilla v.s Mechagodzilla . Godzilla 's resting in the pacific off an island called Bass Island . The JSDF is finished building their new Godzilla weapon , called Moguera . this project is called Project M , which is built to kill Godzilla . the other project is project Telepathy , or Project T. two people are trying to persuade Miki Seagusa , who does n't want to help control Godzilla . But when a tiny Mothra comes to her showing the Comsos saying that a space monster is coming to kill Godzilla , she agrees . meanwhile , two JSDF soldiers , Koji Sinjo , and Kiyoshi Sato have been sent to Bass island to find a man called Akira Yuki . when trying to find him , they come across some crystal prisons that Spacegodzilla made . Yuki kills a tarantula that was on Sato 's neck and they two soldiers follow Yuki and meet Little Godzilla , the baby Godzilla from Godzilla v.s Mechagodzilla who is now thirty meters tall . the Project T team comes to the island and Godzilla comes to the island as well . the mission fails and Spacegodzilla lands on the island after dealing with Moguera . it puts Little Godzilla into a crystal prison , defeats Godzilla , and flies off , leaving Godzilla to mourn the capture of his son . the Japanese mafia captures Miki and try to use her to get Godzilla to come to Japan . Spacegodzilla comes to Fukuoka . and the repaired Moguera is sent out to stop it . Godzilla also come and together the Moguera and Godzilla beat Spacegodzilla . but Moguera is destroyed by Spacegodzilla and Godzilla summons enough energy to wipe out Spacegodzilla.Godzilla v.s Destroyah : the movie starts two years after Godzilla v.s Spacegodzilla and Bass island has dissapeared . then all of a sudden , Godzilla attacks Hong Kong , some of his body glowing red and glowing dorsal fins . back on Japanese turf a strange incident at a tunnel going unde Tokyo bay , where the original Godzilla wa killed . later , an aquarium has a strange accident and some soil sample taken from the tunnel had some microscopic creatures in it 's case . the Oxygen Destroyer hit this creature and it began to evolve . Godzilla is then reportedly going to explode , destroying the earth . the micro scopic creatures have gotten bigger and invade a warehouse and when some soldiers come most of the soldiers are killed . Godzilla goes to a nuclear power plant and is frozen by the Super-X 3 . Godzilla 's son who fed on the radiation that destroyed Bass island is forty meters tall and is going back to Adanoa island , in the bering sea . Godzilla 's hearty is overloading and will melt down and the juvenile Destroyah creatures become one creature . Junior is used to lure godzilla to fight Destroyah , but junior defeats Destroyah and Godzilla 's in Tokyo . Destoryah becomes it 's ultimate form and kills Junior . Godzilla and Destroyah fight for a long while and Godzilla eventually kills Destroyah . the army comes into the battlefield and when Godzilla melts down , they try to freeze him to minimize the damage . and deep in the mist of what was once Godzilla , Junior is fully revived by his father 's energy and takes the title of Godzilla , King of the Monsters .
 I was blown away from the very start with the latest Godzilla movie.This movie is one of my favs , I mean I love this movie any person that likes the classic Godzilla movies , you must see this flick.The FX are very good and the plot is very coplex . The movie starts of when a Godzilla that has taken in to much nucler power and is melting down is attaking tokyo.Baby G is thought to be dead when Godzillas home on a Island is totaly leveled . But to top it all of a brand new monster has reared it 's ugly head this creature is the all power full Destroyah!This new monster ends up to fight Godzilla and Baby Godzilla -LRB- now called Godzilla JR. -RRB- in the climatic battel at the end of the movie only one will live who ... I will not say , you will have to find out fore your self !
 This is for sure the best of the Godzilla series . The new `` Burning '' Godzilla is great , and his radioactive heat ray is stronger than ever before . Godzilla Jr. has a great look and a strong ray like his `` father '' . Destroyah is the most powerful monster in all of the movies . I like his different forms and his micro oxygen beam and laser horn are cool , I actually flinched when Godzilla was hit with it . Jr. 's death was sad , the fights were cool , and Godzilla 's death was very touching . The humans were cool too . Miki , Kenichi , Yukari , Gen. Aso , and the return of Emiko from G , King Of The Monsters were great . Cool special effects and good dubbing . At the end , Jr. is reserected and the credit 's show parts of Godzilla 's first movie.Incredable . By Jed Nolan Age :15
 This movie has it all , it truly is the best Godzilla ever shot and ranks up there with many Sci-Fi films . It has fantastic special effects , a great score and a very thought out script . They even brought back Yemico , one of the main characters from the original King of the Monsters movie ! The action is fast paced and there are scenes unlike any of you have seen in other Godzilla movies . But be prepared , your going to get quite the lump in the ole throat toward the end of the movie . I HIGHLY reccommend this movie to anyone . The only thing I wish they could have done was brought Raymond Burr back for the big finale , but seeing as he is no longer with us I guess that would have been a little difficult .
 the melt down in the movie was awesome i didnt know godzillas body was going to disolve .
 Although I have seen both the English and Japanese versions , I would have to say to those Godzilla fans out there
 This movie was the ultimate . Godzilla looks cooler , and Destroyah awesome . At the end , when godzilla dies , I felt it . It was hard to watch him die . MIKE
 THE SPECIAL EFFECTS WERE EXCELLENT GODZILLA JR LOOKED REALY COOL GODZILLA LOOKED BETTER THAN BEFORE SAD BUT A REALLY GOOD MOVIE GLAD I GOT IT
 Godzilla vs Destroyer is awesome ! If you have n't seen it , I wont say anything . This one is one of my favorites . My very favorite is Godzilla vs Spacegodzilla . The only one I havent seen is Godzilla vs Mechagodzilla 2 because it is not on video so no rating for that . I suggest you see and buy Godzilla vs Destroyer and Godzilla vs Spacegodzilla . I always say a godzilla movie is a good movie especially the heisis serie movies . You have to see THIS MOVIE !!!!!!
 This definatly the best Godzilla movie yet ! The little B&W clip at the end of the movie was pretty cool to put in , but I 've heard that the Japanese ending -LRB- with a FULL rolling credits screen -RRB- is a lot better . Anyway , if you WOULD buy this movie from Amazon.com because I ordered mine from Blockbuster and had to wait 2 weeks without a dollar discount !
 THE HONG KONG PART WAS AN AWSOME , SUPER DUPER , COOL GODZILLA PART.GODZILA 'S STOMACH WAS COOL.HE LOOKED AWSOME AND BETTER THAN EVER.THE BATTLE SCENES ARE AWSOME.THE DESTROYERS PART WITH THE POLICE BATTLE WAS AWSOME.EVEN SUPER X 3 . THE PLACE THEY FIGHT AT IS COOL -LRB- THE AIRPORT -RRB- . EVEN LITTLE GODZILLA , HE GREW BIGGER AND WAS COOL LIKE THE FATHER -LRB- GODZILLA -RRB- . GODZILLA DOES DIE IN THE MOVIE BY A MELTDOWN DESEASE.THE END WAS COOL WHEN JUNIOR GETS BIG AND ROARS LIKE GODZILLA.THIS IS MY FAVORITE GODZILLA FILM.I THINK THIS ONE IS BETTER THAN GODZILLA 98 .
 Length :
 I did n't think G vs space G was that great , except that I watched it twice in one day , only a few hours apartvs Destoroyah was , well , the end of the second series , while a cliffhanger that never really gets resolved because Toei realised that they had killed off too many of the better monsters , leaving them with very little for future movies .
 Ok im here to say GODZILLA VS SPACEGODZILLA is NOT I reapeat is NOT a BAD MOVIE ! To be truthfull this movie is mainly about the monsters , and that isnt a bad thing because I like godzilla movies because of GODZILLA not the actors or story . Also the story is an ok story in this movie , nothing great but who cares . Also the special effect are the best in this movie out of any Godzilla movie to date . For this movie I give a 9.0 ! Now GODZILLA VS DESTROYER , this movie has one ofthe best story lines out all the godzilla movies , but the effects in this one just didnt do anything for me . So I give this movie a 7.0 .
 Godzilla vs. Destroyah - A Fitting EndThis was a great way to conclude the story of the mighty monster known as Godzilla . The story was fantastic and only made sense that the radiation would overcome him one day . Although the ending confused a lot of people . That is not supposed to be Godzilla 's ghost ; it is supposed to be Godzilla Jr. and indicating that he was brought back to life . I hope if they decided to kill Godzilla for a final time again , that they carry it out as well as they did on here . And we all know that this was supposed to be the last Godzilla movie , but it was n't . It goes to show just because someone dies ; it does n't mean it is the end of their story.Godzilla vs. Space Godzilla - Great Monster with OK StoryI enjoyed this movie more than I did Godzilla vs. MechaGodzilla -LRB- II -RRB- . This had good action . Godzilla gets revenge on Space Godzilla for hurting his Step-son Godzilla JrBetween the two , Destroyah is the superior for sure
 This is a double feature dvd set .1 of them is Godzilla vs Spacegodzilla and Godzilla vs Destoroyah.If your a Godzilla fan like me than i reccomnd this set .
 I own these two on DVD . Godzilla versus Destoroyah I little better because there is more military envolvement . Other than launch Moguera the defense department doe snot do much to counter Space Godzilla.These two have towns of destuction great special effects . The two most powerfull enemy godzilla fights in this series . Destroyah have been created by the oxygen destroyer has some powerful deadly attack . Like its laser horn which can slice through godzilla flesh.I like these together deals they are fun worth it . This is one of the good films . If hope strong suggest you do not she Godzilal versus King Kong or The Son of Godzilla fort they are the worst one sin the series
 Godzilla returns for the seventh , and last time in the final entry of the Heisei series . At the end , watching Godzilla 's poignant demise , I was on the edge of tears . The only thing to dull the pain is that this is one of the best ever ; only Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla II was better . Kenpachiro Satsuma delivers another awesome performance as Godzilla , Koich Kawakita creates some excellent special effects using more CGI than ever before , and Akira Ifukube delivers another beatiful score to accenuate the tradgedy of the mighty Godzilla 's demise . The movie is well done altogether , Destroyer looks very evil , and Godzilla Jr. is a far cry from the stupid , cheesy Little Godzilla of Godzilla vs. Spacegodzilla . The final scene , as Godzilla poignantly melts down , is the best directing work Takao Okawara has ever done , and it is a high note on which to end the series . Godzilla 2000 will come to theatres this August , though , so keep a brave heart , Godzilla ca n't be stopped by something so minor as death .
 What is lacking in Godzilla vs Space Godzilla -LRB- considering that this movie is kind of without a solid story -RRB- , Godzilla vs Destroyah -LRB- Godzilla 's meltdown is great -RRB- fills that void . This was a great buy .
 I loved this double pack . After rediscovering Godzilla again after 20 years I had no idea how Godzilla films have changed for the better . Great new special effects and monsters . I particularly like Godzilla 's new and improved atomic fire . Yes some people roll their eyes but as a long time Godzilla fan I hold these movies up . They are great fun and great worth to any Godzilla fan young or old .
 My son is a big fan of the Godzilla movies and has enjoyed each one he has ordered . We get very good service .
 Two great Godzilla movies for the price of one . These both have outstanding special effects and great monsters and fighting equiment like the X plane . Space Godzilla is one mean lizard and Destroyah is awesome . Video looks clean and well restored for digital on the DVD . menus are plain but who cares , this isnt the point , the point is lets get ready to crumble !
 I want to make my review short and sweet . No fluff from me . You already have many reviews . Destoroyah is a great movie . Good effects , good story line and good pacing . Space Godzilla is just ok . A little bit cutesy at times and the effects are somewhat lacking . Love to see Destoroyah on a blu ray .
 this ones cool cause there are literaly two godzillas in each . yay . the packaging could be better as in SPECIAL FEATURES . or lack there of . but its awsome space godzilla was messed up i thought every thing was going to die , and desoroyah was awsome cause it should have been GOZILLA VS a XENOMORPH crab that poped out of the chest of SATAN . yeah long title but its is what it is . Godzilla 's gon na explode to pave the way for zilla but baby is standing there looking like dad saying if the americans cant do a good job on tri stars 1998 version im gon na be back with godzilla 2000 a year later cause i know americans cant capture this . you cant redo this ! any way yeah great pack just wish it offered it in japanese also , throw some features at me to tri star . or releas GODZILLA 1985 !!!
 Spacegodzilla runs a bit long but Destoroyah , yes and H is a fun movie . The only negitive is that it does n't really explain what happens at the end .
 These two movies completeing the Godzilla stories of the 90 's are very powerful . Once again Godzilla is not just a reak havoc symbol of the 1950 's `` A '' bomb , nor the campy fun in the sun Gozilla of the 60 's and 70 's . Godzilla is in effect the gardian and conscience of the Japanese people . In addition , baby Godzilla gets to grow up in `` Godzilla vs Destoroyah '' . The way that movie ends , it will bring tears to your eyes , and set the stage for a whole new Godzilla saga . These are a must get !
 Second to Godzilla Vs.King Ghidora -LRB- 1991 -RRB- this is the best film Toho has made in the new series . More than the plot etc. . I think its the final scene when Godzilla melts away that WILL stay with you for a while.Evokes plenty of feeling especially if you have lived with Godzilla all your life.This movie is a must see.Long live Godzilla 2000 -LRB- Jr. . -RRB-
 I love this movie . The Destoroyah 's are awesome , but it does have a lot of `` Alien '' powers , such as that stuff that it sprays , and that double jaw , ugh !!! The final battle and computer simulations of Godzilla 's meltdown really redeem the convulted plot . Destoroyah is the most confusing monster ever , both in genesis and weaknesses . The best power that Destoroyah has is his laser horn , nearly cutting off the big-G 's arm . Destoroyah was finally destroyed when the Super X-III 's freezing laser liquified his Micro Oxygen reserves .
 This is the 22nd film in the series . Released in 1995 . A QANTAS airline is about to land into Hong Kong . Suddenly Godzilla II rises from the sea . He is steamy hot like lava . He was regenerated by the nuclear blast underwater , which gave him more energy . They think Godzilla 's son and the other monsters have been killed.A scientist has discovered that micro-oxygen can make fish grow bigger , but it can be used in making weapons . The tiny atoms can penetrate any metal . We do n't want a global war , but an oxygen destroyer is needed to kill Godzilla II . Meanwhile , mutated lifeforces have already entered into the Tokyo 's aquarium and are now destroying above and below the city of Tokyo . Even though Godzilla II got rid of those creatures he is still too dangerous for Tokyo . So they freeze him for six hours . Then at the beach , we are surprised to see Godzilla Jr. -LRB- his adopted son -RRB- passing by . He is now an adult heading back to his nest . Papa Godzilla is chasing after him . GodZilla is so nuclear now that he could cause something worse than The China Syndrome -LRB- also a USA film in 1979 -RRB- . Godzilla II could become himself a nuclear meltdown and destroy the Earth.This is the meanest and angriest I have ever seen Godzilla in any film . The grand finale will hold your interest and so much action is going on . I would n't mind seeing Godzilla reach a high temperature again . Where did they put that thermometer?The next films in the series is : Godzilla -LRB- 1998 -RRB- American Film.Godzilla 2000 Japanese film.Update
 Lush green tropical island settings , beautiful sunsets shared by a plucky elfish psychic and her future test pilot beau . Not the typical fare for a Godzilla movie . However , battles in Tokyo amidst crystalline stalagmites against a powerful cosmic opponent , with the help of a mecha . . well , now we 're talking . After being subjected to the putrid Ferris Bueller version last year it was with immense pleasure I saw that they were releasing the latest Toho versions on DVD . This is the second set , and includes Godzilla vs Destroyah as well . While the 1998 version lacked among most other things , the pedigree of the earlier films , these 90 's versions provide us fans once again with Godzilla the way it should be portrayed . Government factions bicker about killing or controlling Godzilla , we 're introduced to the controlling psychic , and her counterpart , a toughened military rogue intent on revenge . Japan 's latest tool against Godzilla is a giant mecha which appears to have been designed with a nod to the Mysterions . In the grand history of Jet Jaguar , it ends up helping Godzilla against . . Space Godzilla . Born of G cells cast into space by either Biollante or Mothra -LSB- whose twins make appearances , only to the psychic -RSB- , Space Godzilla does the ultimate Dolly the Clone and returns to earth to , well , kill it 's genetic progenitor . Miniya gets in the way , even though he 's now blowing more soap bubbles fires than smoke rings . I wonder what ever happened to little Ichiro , anyway . If you have n't seen any of Toho 's 90 's versions of the Godzilla films , and you 're a fan of the series , you 're in for a treat . Enhanced rubber suit , great camera angles , more intricate mini-sets , plus computer graphics combine for some awesome effects . The back story is tolerable as well , with the Yakuza even getting in on the act trying to kidnap the psychic . Caesar warned against the skinny guys , and it holds true in this version of Godzilla for the betrayer . For someone who 's enjoyed the series for 25 + years it was great to see these Japan-release-only versions make it to the states , and rekindle some of that nostalgic feeling that was so disappointingly lacking in the 1998 re-make . Side note
 Godzilla VS Space godzilla features amazing Kaiju -LRB- Giant Monster -RRB- Action , as Godzilla and Space Godzilla -LRB- A godzilla made out of cells ramed through a black hole , a white hole and a bunch of other random scientific sounding crap that no one cares about -RRB- duke it out with the help of MOGERA , the J.G.S.D.F Giant Robot -LRB- Okay to be Honest MOGERA does not really help that much . -RRB- One of my favoraite parts of this film , is that that baby Godzilla freak DIES ! Hooray ! Rejoice ! Praise the Lord ! We not only get some Good City Destruction scenes , but we get some good monster fights.Godzilla VS Destroyer - One of the All time best Godzilla films , it is the last in the Heishi Arc , and let me tell you , this movie is sad , not meaning its a bad movie , but it actually brought a tear to my eye . The special effects are very good , and BURNING GODZILLA LOOKS COOL ! Even the Godzilla JR. in this is not bad , and is quite different from that dang Baby Godzilla from the other film in this pack.Overall I say
 This DVD is a must have for Godzilla vs Destroyer alone , the best in the series IMO . The reason this get 's five stars is because GvsD is awesome and you get Godzilla vs Space Godzilla as well which is n't that bad of a G-Film either.This movie is great if you have widescreen TV or not it 's a shame that Tri-Star did n't release it 's previous Double Godzilla DVD set like this.I 'm not going to tell you anything about the movies because many people already have , I am going to tell you to get this if you do n't already have it .
 My 2 favorite Heisei Godzilla movies ! I would of expected extras on this DVD , like on King Ghidora/Mothra 2 -LRB- even though it only had trailers -RRB- . But what else can I say . Most people hated Spacegodzilla and loved Destoyer -LRB- I mean the movies -RRB- , but I just liked them both . Overall , the DVD itself is cool .
 I think Godzilla vs. Destoroyah was one of the best G-films ever made ! The FX were pretty damn good -LRB- even though they used no computer-aided design for the monsters and such -RRB- . The movie starts off when Godzilla was sighted in Hong Kong decked out in a whole new get-up of G-black and glowing fire orange -LRB- this is because of the explosion of Baz Island - talked about in the next paragraph -RRB- . Of course , he manages to destroy most of the city by just walking through it . -LRB- go figure ! -RRB- Miki Sagusa , the telepathic brain of Godzilla is going to Baz Island to check up on Baby Godzilla . Little did she know that the Island was destroyed by a huge nuclear-fission explosion . She now thinks Godzilla Junior is dead . The G-Force committee is now up-in-arms once they found out about the explosion of Baz Island and the `` new and improoved '' Godzilla . Because of the explosion of the Island , G received large amounts of radiation turning his inner reactor into a ` super-charged ' reactor pumping out excessive amounts of fission energy . The 2 things that can happen to him are either an explosion , or an implosion -LRB- meltdown -RRB- . He will have a meltdown , but it will only occur at 1200 degrees celcius . With his tempurature rising 100 degrees a day , they only have 6 days to figure out a plan . Godzilla runs into a new beast known as Destoroyah . Man is he ugly ! He was spawned back in the day of ` Godzilla
 Continuing were the Biollante , Mecha-Ghidora , Battra , Super MG , Space Godz movies left off Godzilla is dieing thanks to Rodan and torchered by the `` alien-like '' Destoroyah . Godzilla Jr. makes an attempt to fight the Destoroyah but to no preval but with the insane dad he has can G Jr. and the BIG BAD GREEN ONE stop the uncanny Destoroyah and the world from certain doom , find out in this classic Godzilla adventure known as , Godzilla vs. Destoroyah !
 Who does n't love Godzilla ? They are so bad they are GREAT . A wonderful collection to watch on a rainy cold Saturday as you sit on the couch eating cereal .
 I like Godzilla look better than old Gonzilla . Like the way Godzilla goes to ashes yet returns to fight again . Both opponents in both films are interesting opponents . Could do without Gonzilla 's son though .
 The lack of both special features and apparent lack of Japanese dub are very sadface inducing.Scene selection and subtitles are all you get on this two sided disc .
 Very pleased with this order , not a problem with anything , will order again from this seller . happy new years . Thank You .
 these are two of my favorite godzilla movies they work and have great desighed villians from a crystalized godzilla and a microorgaism from hell
 I 've been a fan of Godzilla since I was a kid and this is just another classic movie to have in the library ! I recommend this movie ! Ca n't wait til the new Godzilla comes to theaters 2014 !!!
 These movies are old movies and the picture is not the best , but I love watching Godzilla . I recommend this for Godzilla fans .
 Great double feature ! Great effects ... as Godzilla goes . And ... I got ta ' say ... Godzilla Vs. Destroyah has it all !!! One of the best plots in the Godzilla mythology , and one of the biggest and baddest monsters Godzilla must face ... brings us full circle back to his original film . This is a movie crafted by people who care about the Godzilla mythology , and care about good story telling . Some mind blowing film making on a not so huge budget ... and it really has to be the Godzilla film with the MOST HUGE and frequent explosions , incredible massive fire balls , fantastic devastation on a scale that takes it to high art - and you see Godzilla breath his radioactive breath is a way you 've NEVER seen before . Very creative , very imaginative , and not dumbed down for children . It 's one of my all time favorite Godzilla films . Love Godzilla ? You must see this film . Period.Space Godzilla is good , it also is a move that tries very hard to deliver something new and exciting on a limited budget , with hit and miss success - but very worth watching . a great evil Godzilla . Some very creative design work going on here . A GREAT bang for your buck and a wonderful addition to any Godzilla collection .
 My Grandson was thrilled with the Godzilla Action Figures he received from me on his birthday and they shipped on time .
 Not really but this is a great two pack , you get two of the greatest Godzilla movies of the 90 's series -LRB- the Heisei series -RRB- .
 The best Godzilla film made so far ! I loved it ! It made up for some of the fatal flaws in the plot of G Vs. SpaceG . Godzilla 's death scene will touch any big G fan and Godzilla Jr. and Destoroyah are two of the best Kaiju i 've seen .
 I 'm not kidding . Of its breed , Godzilla vs. the Destroyah is the absolute cream of the crop . Great FX , great tie in to the original film , and one of the best endings in movie history . If you have ever even casually enjoyed Godzilla , see this .
 Speacial effects : great Acting : great Character -LRB- s -RRB- : great Monsters : great Dubbing : good Movie
 wow ! I 'm suprised ! I would have never have thought a godzilla movie could be so good !
 This is one of the best Godzilla movies I have ever seen , and I have almost seen them all . The story line is great and the effects are awesome , it really makes you appreciate the old Godzilla compared to the new computerized one . In this movies , its a great movie with a sad ending . The big guy finally dies after his radioactive heart gives out . There a touching moment towards the end of the movie when it seems that Godzilla bids a farewell to his son . Youll need some tissue for this one . Destroyer is the fiercest of all the monsters that Godzilla has faced . Its an epic story with a sad , yet promising ending . You have to see . Lorenzo
 Today I just bought G Vs Destroyer , and I have to say it is the best G movie in the entire series . My personal favorite is Godzilla 1985 , second is now Godzilla vs Destroyer , and my third favorite is the first one . Anyways the ending is pretty cool after you feel kinda sad that big G is gone.When I frist saw the ending of the movie the first thing I shouted was `` GODZILLA LIVES ! '' , even though it was only little G . Now that I 've heard of G mellenium I 'm even more excited about Godzilla than I ever was before . I hope the next G film , whether it be the Japanese or American movie I hope they both turn out to be as good as this movie . GODZILLA IS HERE FOREVER !
 I got this movie in origonal Japanese format -LRB- subtitled -RRB- , and all I could saw was `` WOW '' ! Then I find out that it came out in the U.S. ! Basicly , it is a great movie with an amazing climax , but to understand it , you have to get G. vs. Machagodzilla ' 93 , and G. vs. Spacegodzilla ' 94 .
 This time the big G is back and better then ever ! Godzilla faces his original death again . The Oxygen Destroyer ! Although this time it is in a monster form . Destroyer !
 THE BEST PART ABOUT THIS GODZILLA IS THAT JUNIOR SURVIVES AT THE END @ WE KNOW G-MAN WILL BE BACK AND THE SPECIAL EFFECTS ARE GREAT TOO GO SEE IT
 The release of Godzilla vs Space Godzilla and Godzilla vs Destroyer marks the first High Quality American release of these two films . The previous VHS versions of these films were poor quality SLP and badly cropped , destroying the original composition . The DVD is both widescreen and enhanced for 16/9 high definition Televisions . The surround sound is well done , though lacks the punch of the original Import laserdiscs . The picture is excellent , with only a little artifacting occasionaly noticable . The only demerit would be the poor dubbing job for both films , that makes them seem cheaper than they are . Tri-Star should have re-done the dubbing , or better yet , Provide the original Japanese language tracks for people who would prefer subtitles . The films are the last 2 of the HEISEI series , and are both greatly enjoyable . SPACEGODZILLA is a lighter movie , filled with great action sequences and a clever , if sometimes confusing plot . Visualy the film is a treat . The effects are more stylized than realistic , something common to Japanese films , and sometimes off putting to American viewers . The weakest effects are a space battle between The MOGERA robot and Space Godzilla , but it 's so well edited and colorful that it can be forgiven . The final battle is great . The film can best be described as a 1970s Godzilla film that was GOOD ! -LRB- unlike the real 1970s films that were pretty bad . Some people have disliked this film , but most seem to have understood that this was a FUN film , and went along for a great ride ! Godzilla vs Destroyer is the last Godzilla film of this series , and is a dark , apocoliptic film , capturing much of the mood of the original GODZILLA movie . The effects supervisor , Kochi Kawakita , actually had less money and time than any Godzilla film since 1989s BIOLLANTE , -LRB- less than 3 months ! -RRB- which make the effects even more impressive . Godzilla 's attack of Hong Kong and his death are the visual highlights . The plot is well done , with nice echos , both thematically and visually . The movie proves a fitting end to Godzilla , and a must have for any Kaiju fan . After screwing up the previous DVD release of GODZILLA vs GHIDORAH and GODZILLA vs MOTHRA -LRB- both were mono and cropped ! -RRB- Tri star should be congratulated for not making the same error . I hope to see MECHA GODZILLA on DVD Soon !
 VIDEO QUALITY : The release contains 2 films on one disc - on Side A 1994 's `` Godzilla vs. Space Godzilla '' , and on Side B 1995 's `` Godzilla vs. Destroyer '' -LRB- using the title `` Godzilla vs. Destoryah '' since `` Destroyer '' ca n't be copyrighted -RRB- . Both sides were pretty even when it came to video quality . I 'll start with the positive which is , unlike Sony 's previous attempt with `` Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah/Godzilla and Mothra
 This , the 22nd Godzilla film , has a fine plot , with some good effects . I first saw this film on November 2nd , 1999 . I had recorded it on Halloween when AMC aired their Godzilla-thon . The characters are n't as bland as those in the previous film . Godzilla , who is dying , does something odd
 This double-sided DVD packs together two very different movies in that it combines one Godzilla movie that is widely considered to be one of the best ever , with one that is widely considered to be one of the weakest entries in the series . Both of these films feature Godzilla in what I like to call the `` reluctant hero '' role . Godzilla does n't care about humanity and would love to stomp flat all of our cities , but the emrgence of some unforeseen threat thrusts him into the role of the planet 's guardian . My four star rating is an average
 If you 're a Godzilla Fan , then these movies are for you . The first movie introduces a cosmic powered Godzilla from the furthest reaches of space , who uses baby Godzilla -LRB- a cute little bugger -RRB- as bait , to lure daddy into one titanic tussle . At the same time G-force uses the remains of Mecha-Godzilla , to create a new weapon to destroy Godzilla , and end up using it to try and destroy both monsters . Things get pretty interesting.The Second movie , reintroduces the weapon that was used to destroy Godzilla in the very first movie from 1956 , only it 's evolved . Meanwhile , daddy Godzilla is literally going through a nuclear meltdown and is not only terrorizing all of Japan , yet again , but is battling this new and improved monster , dubbed Destroyah . Junior gets into the mix and the battle gets insane , and the ending is one not to be missed.What 's great about these two movies are the touching elements that make you get emotionally involved with these larger then life monsters.I love Godzilla and thoroughly enjoyed these movies , and hope you will as well .
 Godzilla vs. DestroyahTruly this leaves a proudful filling inside you if you love Godzilla as much as me . The big G finally dies -LRB- not by Destroyahs hand though -RRB- Destroyah prooves to be pure evil with his cruelity in this film . I wo n't give it away but there are some sad scenes in here . Once you see Godzilla get into it with Destroyah you will witness a king in all his fury . Truly a great film.Godzilla vs. SpacegodzillaThe plot for this was not great but Spacegodzilla was amazing , and the fights were pretty good . Good movie IMO most people do n't like it for some reason .
 That was the only written text on the teaser poster in 1995 . This movie was released in by Toho in Japan , and is quite possibly my favorite of the twenty-two Godzilla films produced by the studio . Godzilla becomes a more serious threat to Japan when his atomic heart begins to overheat . The self-defense force is paralyzed when they discover that if they attack Godzilla , the monster could have a nuclear meltdown . The antagonist monster , Destroyah , is a menacing beast capable of reuducing the King of Monsters to a slimy skeleton.Toho stays away from CGI effects and prefers to use the traditional `` suitmation '' prevalent in Japanese monster films . If you ask me , I prefer the traditional techniques . Many of the recent Godzilla films have just been released on video , and any fans of the ORIGINAL Godzilla should see these films . Toho has made history with the biggest star of all time , and their final film is an excellent installment in the series . Every monster fan should watch this film . -LRB- This film is the direct sequel to Godzilla vs. SpaceGodzilla -RRB-
 This was the first chance we 've had to see either of these films legally in the UK , so it was was a great bargin to see both presented so nicely on a double disk , and that bonus overshadows even minor quibbles like the dubbing -LRB- and second audio track with Japanese and subtitles would have pushed me up to 5 stars ... -RRB- . SPACE GODZILLA is a tad repetetive , and dispite others saying it was supposed to be a fun film , it went a little too far for me ; fun = the dafter elements of GODZILLA vs KING GHIDORAH , not the mawkish waddling of Little Godzilla . It 's great to finally own this film but it 's not the reason I assume anyone would want this disc ... it 's DESTROYAH they 're after . An amazing film from start to finish . Impossible not to cry , either ... ! If you 're a G fan , buy this now , do n't let the dubbing put you off , it 's not great but I 've heard much worse . At least the voices fit the mouth movements and resemble the actor 's characters . It 's what they say that 's a bit odd ... A trailer or two would have been nice as would complete credits , but no doubt japan will release them soon . For now , you ca n't go wrong with these lovely prints .
 First off , it 's two movies which is pretty cool . But , Spacegodzilla is kinda disapointing , but is still good . The Destoyia one is really really amazing . One of the best Godzilla movies I 've ever seen . Lots of action , monsters look great , and a good plot-line .
 For Godzilla , the end is near . GvD capped off a series of Gojiro flicks of the ` 90 's that had a very mixed success . The nutty villainous-westerners of the future plot of `` King Ghidorah '' masked a movie that was n't really about anything . `` Destroyah '' is a different affair entirely , arguably taking the character full circle to his roots in 1954 . WHAT IT 'S ABOUT `` Destroyah '' is a mutated crustacean , created by the oxygen-destroyer machine used to off Gojiro in his very first appearance . At first , a horde of vicious , man-sized Destroyah 's run amok across Japan . When confronted by advanced Japanese weaponry -LRB- which includes special `` ultra-low-temperature lasers -RRB- , the creatures merge into a larger keiju-sized beast capable of flight and wreaking havoc on a much larger scale . The only hope is to draw Godzilla and his adolescent son -LRB- Godzilla , Jr. , or just `` Junior '' -RRB- into the fray . However , Big-G has his own problems - his nuclear-powered heart is threatening to meltdown , which may threaten life on Earth itself . Now both monsters are a threat , and each offers its own version of salvation . Meanwhile , the under-funded Godzilla task force struggles to deal with the impending double catastrophe.I have n't been much of a fan of the Godzilla movies in some time , but I enjoyed this flick which channels the monster 's iconic and tragic value as few other flicks have managed to . There are many slow parts , and often it 's hard to figure out what 's going on -LRB- Destroyah seems to be killed off repeatedly -RRB- but the finer points of the story manage to keep a grasp . The special effects are definitely a cut above the Godzilla movies I remember , with much more convincing wholesale devastation . Destroyah is a great monster - definitely a cut above other Keiju , with more menace and malice than your ordinary guy-in-a-rubber suit , and because he can change shape -LRB- or number -RRB- without warning , he 's often several monsters in one . But above all , `` Destroyah '' rules as a monster flick that stays true to its roots and themes , and makes the viewer do the same .
 Godzilla has been around since forever as long as i can remember . But seeing the 90s type Godzilla is truly awesome . This double feature is a very good and decent DVD to be honest . If you happen to get this Godzilla DVD , get it for `` Godzilla vs Destoroyah '' , which , in my view is the best Godzilla film of the 90s ... highly recommended !!
 I recorded these two on Sci-Fi one time , but the tape got ruined so I bought it . Godzilla v.s. Space Godzilla is not great , but it 's tolerable . I do n't watch the movies for the people , I watch them for the monsters . Space godzilla is cool , but Godzilla 's head and roar remind me of a rat . Mogera is really stupid , too . My rating :6.0 Godzilla v.s. Destoroyah is something else . Destoroyah is really cool monster , the guy looks dang evil , and his ability to lift Godzilla is incredible . Godzilla rocks , with the red heat beam and he 's a lot taller , too . Junior -LRB- A.K.A. little Godzilla is really cool and when he dies , it 's pretty hard to watch . and even more heartbreaking is when you see Godzilla 's one and only tear . Godzilla dying is an amazing way for the king of the monsters to go out with a fight and I know that even in his death , Godzilla is immortal . my rating :9.8
 I 'll refrain from retelling the story , since this has already been done by previous reviewers . This is probably the most emotional of this particular set of Toho 's series . Any father can feel Godzilla 's heartbreak as he leans over his deceased son , although his red breath being released and absorbed by the dead baby is an important bit of foreshadowing that is easily missed.Upon reaching the critical meltdown temperature , after he has defeated his enemy , you may find your eyes filling with tears as you watch the beloved monster begin to melt away in what seems to begin as an apocalyptic `` Planet of the Apes '' type of ending - especially through the simultaneous narration . However , just as you thought it was all over forever , the familiar silhouettee rises out of the ashes and projects the familiar roar , you are left with the thought that all is never lost , and there is still hope .
 If you like Godzilla these are pretty good movies , I highly recommend them and my triplet boys love them as well . I gave these four stars as far as Godzilla movies go , Space Godzilla is one of the better of the recent Godzilla films .
 I am true godzilla fan so I know alot about godzilla.This is the best film because the action is hot and the special effects are chillin ! Also the ending is sad and special . Destroyah is my favoritest godzilla enemy.This is also the best out of the heisei series . The craziest thing about on the DvD is that it 's a double feature with godzilla v.s spacegodzilla ! The worst out of the heisei series with the best that 's bad combo . What would be better is if godzilla v.s mechagodzilla 2 with godzilla v.s destroyah on DvD , but they do n't have it . I have it on vhs which is better . godzilla v.s mehagodzilla 2 is the second best . This got 5 and a half stars on a average customer reveiw . Are you kidding me ? This gets a pure 5 star . All the way recommended to godzilla fans ! Go to godzillafans.com or gvsdestroer.com . youwill find everything about the movie there ! and Takao okawara makes the best g film 's ever !
 People may read these reviews and not believe that they are for Japanese Godzilla movies , but these are great films . Keep in mind that the links between the movies are thin and they apparantly are not always intended to be part of an ongoing storyline although elements do continue through them . That said-sit back and enjoy some great entertainment!The eco-friendly slant on all the new Godzilla -LRB- and Mothra -RRB- movies makes them make you feel warm and fuzzy even during the destruction of countless Japanese urban areas . The tear that comes to your eye in Godzilla vs. Destroyah when Godzilla is mourning the loss of Godzilla Jr. is a true surprise , the ending sequence -LRB- about 20 minutes -RRB- is classic and should not be missed .
 Let me tell you that I am very appreciative to Tri-Star for making these films available to us Godzilla fans here in America . I am still waiting for Godzilla Vs. MechaGodzilla -LRB- ' 93 -RRB- -LRB- The Return Of Rodan - Yes !!! -RRB- to hit DVD.Both of these films have excellent pyro effects . In the early 90 's G films , Toho Productions still refrained from using computer generated effects . It was all done on the sound stage.Godzilla Vs. Space Godzilla has an awful script . It also makes he mistake of turning baby Godzilla into a wide eyed comic relief critter ala
 This is one of G 's Best films EVER The music is good the FX the monsters everything except there is hardly any comedy . I especially like the scenes where Destroyer kills the fish and when Godzilla melts I would get this movie if I were you .
 For me this is one of those great , underrated movies that I end up watching whenever I 'm channel surfing and I find it 's on . James Garner is great as a slighty cynical and world weary small town police chief in a coastal California town , but the supporting cast and the characters they are given to play are worthy of Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler . My personal favorites are Edmond O'Brien as the owner of the local liquor store and Arthur O'Connell as the proprietor of the town coffee shop . The details of the story are so choice
 They Only Kill Their Masters is a flawed murder mystery . A meatloaf dinner half way through stops it in its tracks . The female romantic lead is as bland and uninteresting as packaged custard . The director never establishes control over the movie.On the other hand , it also has a great deal of easy-going charm , a winning performance by James Garner -LRB- who carries the picture -RRB- and a deliberately misleading set of clues that lead to steamy speculation , smarmy behavior and committed kinkiness . There 's a sleight-of-hand solution that makes sense and a Doberman named Murphy with chompers big enough to rip out a throat and a tail that could power an aluminum smelter just by wags.Never trust small town values , especially if the small town is Eden Landing on the California coast . When a young woman washes up on the sand in front of a beach house , she has major mauling on her body and a prancing Doberman bouncing around in the surf next to her . It 's not long before the newspaper pronounces the woman dead by dog and Murphy is scheduled for euthanasia by Dr. Watkins -LRB- Hal Holbrook -RRB- , the town vet . Then Police Chief Abel Marsh -LRB- Garner -RRB- has a talk with the town coroner . Seems the dog 's bites were all on the body 's arms and legs . Looks like Murphy might have been trying to rescue her . Then there 's evidence that she drowned ... on purpose and it was n't suicide . Her lungs are full of tap water mixed with salt , not seawater . And she was pregnant . As Abel investigates , he finds more questions than answers . He gets bashed and beaten . And he finds he likes the vet 's new assistant -LRB- Katharine Ross -RRB- well enough to invite her over for a meatloaf supper . Abel also finds some erotic photos . Seems the dead woman liked to keep a record of her doings . Through it all Abel remains skeptical , likeable , wry and smart ... just like James Garner . The conclusion is tricky and nearly lethal for Abel.Some fine actors join Garner in this flawed but interesting murder mystery . Katharine Ross , unfortunately , brings little to the part . The character is bland , has a nice smile , not much personality and pours too much dressing on the salad she makes for herself and Abel to accompany Abel 's meatloaf . But as compensation there are all those excellent , aging actors who show up and demonstrate why Garner is wise enough not to go toe-to-toe with them in their scenes together . Tom Ewell is one of Abel 's cops ; June Allyson is the vet 's wife ; Edmund O'Brien is the liquor store owner ; Arthur O'Connell owns the local diner and Ann Rutherford is Abel 's police dispatcher . Even Peter Lawford shows up as a sleaze with a lot of hair . They give us more than cameos , but none of the parts requires actors as known as they are . The result is that each actor gets a little extra business to do so that we can appreciate their skill and we can remember their great roles . As much as they add to the movie 's pleasure , their presence distracts from the story.I 've always liked this movie . The solution is unexpected . Garner is Garner , and that 's a plus . And it 's still good to see in their old age just how skilled and professional were Edmund O'Brien -LRB- D.O.A. , Seven Days in May , The Wild Bunch -RRB- , Tom Ewell -LRB- Adam 's Rib , The Seven Year Itch -RRB- and Arthur O'Connell -LRB- Picnic , Anatomy of a Murder -RRB- . They Only Kill Their Masters comes from Warner 's Archive Collection , films from their vault that may once have been released long ago as a VHS and then disappeared . Warner slaps them as is on DVDs and charges a premium . The quality of each movie 's transfer is no better than the quality of the print from the vault . In this case , the quality is better than average . There are no extras and no chapter index . You can click ahead at ten-minute intervals . Check around for the best price .
 I just watched the Warner Archive Dvd version of They Only Kill Their Masters . It stars James Garner . It was made in the 70 's and is a gemI will not go into plots or bore you with a synopsis . I will tell you that it is a fun movie . With a stellar cast . Edmund Obrien , Peter Lawford and Harry Gaurdino just to name a few . The story is well plotted so you do not get bored while watching.Garner is the star and does well in carrying the movie . it is great to see him in something that did not just having him survive on his charm . It was this movie that had me actually start to check out other Garner films.I recommend this movie for mystery buffs and Garner fans . It is a bit steep in price so be willing to shop around .
 Great cast , good story and pacing makes this a fun and enjoyable murder mystery from the ' 70 's . Garner is a small town police chief investigating the murder of a women -LRB- initially thought to be the result of a dog attack . -RRB- Katherine Ross is the sexy new love interest . Hal Holbrook and a host of cameos round out the cast . Very enjoyable little crime-drama .
 Saw this movie about 30 years ago - maybe more . Always remembered the part about the Dobie in bed with the main charactors.Since then I have owned -LRB- ? -RRB- three Dobies . Just had to see the movie again . The dog was still terrific.The rest of the movie was only fair - a little dated concerning gays.Had major stars - at the time - in cameo . A real hoot . Tom Ewell reallly fat , Ednond O'brian funny , Peter Lawford pathetic . The ultimate bad person was a well known star at the time with about a minute of screen time.Only worth seeing if you love Dobies and have a yen to revisit yesterday .
 As I remember it . A long-lost James Garner classic film that still hold together after all these years . A good value for the money .
 Tape was promptly delivered in less than 10 days.Tape is in excellent condition , and like my other purchasesfrom your sellers , the postage charged is more than reasonableand the feed back
 OK -- so its not going to win an oscar . Its corney , predictable and the effects are low tech . In spite of all that I like it . The actors are good -LRB- considering the script -RRB- , the sound track is very good -LRB- though you wo n't find any chartbusters on it -RRB- and there is a load of subtle as well as in-your-face slap stick comedy . Seeing it once will not be enough to pick up on all the little touches in this movie . Overall its a great movie when you want something relaxing , simple and funny .
 It was a older version of the movie Snow Dogs but was a very funny movie .
 This is a strange movie , one of those that my husband used to suggest meant they had too much film and needed to use it up before it spoiled . Truth is it is n't all that bad , one just wonders why the people in it decided to accept the offer to make such a movie . I have never seen Nielsen do so poorly in a comedy role . And Skeet , who I love and follow , had good lines 50 % of the time ruined by a ten year old 's idea of comedy -- bathroom humor -LRB- NOT -RRB- the other 50 % of the time . I just am not into rolls of toilet paper and the reason for them being funny . Ignoring that 50 % of the film , Natasha T. Henstridge and Skeet make the movie enjoyable , the dogs are fun , Skeet and Natasha are really good to look at , and the idea of them with a baby in the end is the icing on the snow . With some negatives , it still had more positives and I had fun watching it . I regret that I bought the film from iTunes and am stuck with it forever on my iTouch rather than on a DVD . I wo n't make that mistake again .
 This movie cracked me up.I know i 've watched it prolly 5 times already . It has a good plot an has very funny scenes in it.Altho Skeet Ulrich acts dumb at times he still is hilrious . i recommend this movie to been seen . . TY Lisa .
 Blend `` The Terminator '' with `` Hell Comes to Frogtown '' and set it in a Post-Apocalyptic Charleston , S.C. -LRB- I am not making this up -RRB- and what do you get ? Well , probably a bad case of ocular herpes , but in this case you get `` American Cyborg
 First off , you have to watch this movie . They do not have it available from Netflix or Blockbuster , so you have to buy . Just kick it old school with a VHS . It is cool if you watch it by yourself , but I suggest get some friends together and prepare them for an awesome movie . You just have to watch it .
 American Cyborg was superb ! The character of Austin was a man full of passion , not to mention quite tasty to look at.The plot twist of finding out that he was a machine , yet still working against the ` system ' to improve mankind was a trait every person should partake in .
 The Eye 3 -LRB- sometimes marketed as The Eye 10 -RRB- is drastically different in tone from the previous two films . It 's a horror comedy about a group of bored teenagers who spend the summer trying to contact the other side . Though some of the ghost scenes are genuinely creepy , much of the slapstick comedy is purile . None of the characters from the previous films appear or are referenced in this one.Fans of the first two Eye films should not expect to see a similar thriller when they purchase this video . If you are the type of horror fan who can see the humor in a breakdancing ghoul , and if you can forgive a few fart jokes , then you might enjoy The Eye 3 .
 Eye 3 was not as scary as the previous 2 but still it was creepy even with the comedy involved . Did n't understand how the beginning scene interlaced with the rest of the movie . Asian horror fans ca n't miss this one , I gave it a 4/5 .
 How does anyone cope with a situation that 's almost intolerable ? In young Albert 's -LRB- Osment -RRB- case , he invents an imaginary friend `` Bogus '' -LRB- Depardieu -RRB- when his Mom dies and he 's forced to move from familiar Las Vegas to New Jersey with a Godmother , Harriet , -LRB- Goldberg -RRB- that he 's never met before.But , Bogus is n't just a figment of Albert 's imagination . He 's a just a part of the magic that connects us all . `` Bogus '' is a film that both parents and kids can enjoy . It 's warm , funny , and worthwhile . I think Osment and Depardieu have to be one of the best acting teams ever . Whoopi Goldberg is always a delight .
 I think Bogus is a great movie . I never saw it in the theater because I did n't like the title and I think obviously a lot of other people felt the same way I did about the title and did n't go see it for that , too . Albert -LRB- Haley Joel Osment -RRB- has to go live with his godmother , Harriet -LRB- Whoppi -RRB- , that no one knew existed until Albert 's mom was killed in a car accident . At first , Harriet does n't like the idea of him coming to live with her and what seems to bother her most is that he is white and she 's black . His mom 's death was very sad for him and then going to live with some stranger in New York probably made everything worse . So Albert ends up metting an imaginary friend , Bogus , that no one can see but him . Even though I dont like the title , the movie makes up for it and everyone should go see it cause it is a great movie !
 Although not many people have seen it , Bogus is an absolutely wonderful movie . It stars Haley Joel Osment -LRB- The Sixth Sense -RRB- as Albert , a boy who is forced to live with his godmother Harriet -LRB- Whoopi Golberg -RRB- after his mom dies . Along the way , he invents an invisible friend -LRB- Gerard Depardieu , The Man In the Iron Mask -RRB- named Bogus , and the film is basically about Albert and Harriet learning to love each other with the help of Bogus . Filled with subtle humor and superior acting by Osment , I highly recommend this film to anyone with an imagination.A great family film , completely deserves 5 stars .
 Bogus is a movie that makes you feel that every child deserves to be loved and cared for . The actor Haley Osment is the real soul of this movie . He acts so well that he is the best actor to be casted on this movie . Recommended and highly rated by most of our community here !
 this movie is wonderfull . I think alot of people are noticing it now because of haley sixth sense succecess . this movie is great family film . it is bacsilly aboutn a kid whos mother dies . he goes to live with goldberg at frist the dont like each other . he invets a imagnary freind named bogus to help him cope.i love this whole movie .
 BOGUS is a movie about a young orphan boy -LRB- Haley Joel Osment -RRB- who is reluctantly acquired by a career-minded temporary mother -LRB- Whoopi Goldberg -RRB- . In his loneliness Osment invents an imaginary friend -LRB- Gerard Depardieu -RRB- . The film is dominated by the interplay between these three characters and the result is very satisfying . The director is Norman Jewison who directed many other movies including IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT and JESUS CHRIST , SUPERSTAR .
 this item is exactly what it was described as . works fine and i am very happy with itthankskirsty
 This seller was prompt with the movie , Bogus , in getting it to our home when scheduled . My grandchldren loved the movie and will watch it many more times before it is shelved . Thannk you .
 I love Whoopi Goldberg . Haley Joel Osment is adorable , and Gerard Depardieu is a charming Frenchman . How could this movie lose?Albert -LRB- Osment -RRB- is left without family when his mother is killed in a car accident in Las Vegas . He had plenty of friends in the circus -LRB- du Soliel , I think -RRB- , but no family at all . But in his mother 's will , she named her foster sister and best friend from her childhood , Harriet -LRB- Whoopi -RRB- as Albert 's godmother and guardian . Harriet had not seen her in years , did n't even know she had a son , and as she put it , did n't have a motherly bone in her body.So who is Bogus ? He was originally a drawing in the coloring book the stewardess gave Albert during the flight from Las Vegas to Newark , New Jersey , where Harriet lived . Once Albert drew him a mouth , he started to talk to him . When his seat-mates -LRB- both adults -RRB- asked him who he was talking to , he said `` nobody , '' and took his coloring book with him to the restroom . There he started crying because he missed his mother so much , and Bogus called to him in a muffled voice from the pages of the coloring book . Finally he asked to come out , and turned out to be a tall Frenchman who became Albert 's best friend . Only problem was , nobody could see him or hear him but Albert.Or can they?The individual incidents in the story are not all that big , except from the perspective of a little boy , but they add up to a very touching story which oddly combines fantasy and reality in such a way as to be really quite consistent and believable . In fact , at one point the babysitter falls asleep in front of a TV that is playing `` Harvey , '' thus giving us all a reference point for the thread of the story . Harvey was sort of real , too.I 'd call Bogus a guardian angel , except that he never has wings and is not at all pious . He 's quite playful , although he does warn Albert when what he 's doing is a `` very bad idea . `` Have a box of tissues handy , although the laughs are more frequent than the tears .
 I loved this movie when I was little and would anxiously check the TVGuide for it every week . Now I can watch it whenever I want : - -RRB-
 The first time I knew this movie existed , I found it movie in the DVD section at my local library . I never heard about it ... never saw a trailer anywhere ... never saw or read any reviews about it anywhere . So I borrowed it because Haley Joel Osment was in it , whom I think is a wonderful child actor . What an absolutley delightful and beautifully crafted movie this is . Others before told you of the plot . I will just say this
 This movie is well written and performed . Very insightful into the thinking of children and adults . Wonderfully funny and very entertaining . Great casting of Whoopi , Gerard Depardieu and Haley Joel Osment -LRB- who will steel your heart -RRB- . I can not imagine this movie with anyone of these actors not in those parts . THEY ARE PERFECT .
 Whoopie !! Need anyone say more ? No matter what she does , it is done with taste and humor . Even when the language gets a little blue , I have to ignor it and enjoy her acting ability . I am in the process of finding all of her many movies on Amazon , and ordering them one or two at a time . Many thanks for having one of the lesser known ones-Bogus-I have been searching for it for years . It really touches your heart and fills you with laughter . Yours as usual , Patricia A. Adams
 Why do some of you think Whoopi 's character did n't like the boy because he was white ? I 'm pretty sure his mom was white and she and Whoopi were friends!This is such a cute movie . I just love the little boy and the way he acts .
 OK , here 's the movie in a nutshell . Albert lives in Vegas with his mom , who dies in a car accident . Albert has to go to New Jersey to live with a friend of his mom 's who has n't seen her in 15 years . This friend is one of those child-free people and likes it that way . While on the plane , Depardieu -LRB- Bogus -RRB- appears as an imaginary friend who keeps Albert company while he copes with all of this.Without spoiling the rest of it , let me say that Haley Osment and Gerard Depardieu complemented each other as actors to an astounding degree . It was as if they had been acting together for decades - a bit like watching Jack Lemmon/Walter Matthau . The fantasy scenes , particularly the one where Bogus serves Albert ice cream in an imaginary ice cream shop , make this movie particularly worth watching . I 'm surprised it has taken this long to put Bogus on DVD .
 And do you think Leonard Maltin has any sort of fun whatsoever ? This movie is lift-hearted , cute and a real feel good . If you can admire resilience in small children , see it .
 lol it 's funny I was trying to figured out what the movie was called when the invisible friend slides under a women and says `` eeuu cob webs '' ... lol wierd thata that movie comes out on DVD just as I try to remember it and finally found it . I loved the movie . not a big fan off Woopi but the boy and the friend are great
 Anyone who loved Haley Joel Osment in all his other roles will definitely love him in this ! He 's a little boy who loses his mother and ends up going to stay with his Godmother , Whoopie Goldberg , who normally is one of my Favorite Actress 's , but in this movie I thought she was pretty cold hearted . Who could not love such a Sweet Little Boy . But thanks to Bogus , Gerard Depardieu , he changes her around to appreciate and love this wonderful and amazing boy . This is a movie that warms your heart , and makes you want to go and give your own children lots of love , or anyone else 's . Haley Joel Osment once again gives a 5 Star Performance .
 I agree with the viewer from Marshfield ; `` Bogus '' is a terrific family film with good performances . This is a film that `` respects '' the audience and does n't talk down to them . It is funny , intelligent , and touching . Director Norman Jewison -LRB- Moonstruck , Fiddler on the Roof -RRB- does it again . Highly recommended .
 says Whoopi did n't want the kid because he was white is a moron . Race had nothing to do with it , you complete cretin . She did n't want him because she did n't know how to deal with kids.That being corrected , this film has its heavy-handed , corny and hammy moments , but it 's truly touching and charming overall . Worth watching and yes , you probably will shed a tear or two , despite telling yourself you wo n't .
 Glad I found this . Took me back decades . Fun to watch . As a movie , its pretty cheesy ... but hey , what do you expect ?? Suspend reality or any expectations and enjoy the ride . Life is short .
 I last saw this movie when I was little kid I cried when giant robot died I would always watch the movie when it came on T.V.I really like the film I wanted to buy the film back then but I could never find it.I first saw the movie in the late 60 , s or early70 , s I recommend this movie to other sci-fi enthusiast
 Monogram Pictures presents `` TRAIL RIDERS '' -LRB- 4 December 1942 -RRB- -LRB- 55 mins/B & W ;-RRB- -LRB- Fully Restored/Dolby Digitally Remastered -RRB- -- With the success of Republic 's Three Mesquiteers , several forces came together around 1940 to develop a new ` trigger trio ' for the screen -- The star was Ray ` Crash ' Corrigan , a producer named George W. Weeks and Monogram Pictures -- With a character of his own name . Ray starred in 20 of the 24 films in this series between 1940 and 1943 -- The Range Busters was clearly a lower budget copy of the Mesquiteers -- Big , muscular Ray ` Crash ' Corrigan was the lead , the second lead was John ` Dusty ' King , a big band singer -LRB- Ben Bernie Orchestra -RRB- with a reasonably good baritone , who would vocalize a tune or two in each film -- And comic relief was in the hands of ventriloquist Max ` Alibi ' Terhune -LRB- and his wise-cracking dummy Elmer -- Monogram would distribute the Range Busters but not be directly involved in the productions -- The deal gave Corrigan a substantial share of the film profits -LRB- in an interview years later , Ray said he received 50 % -RRB- . Under the production staff of : Robert Emmett Tansey - DirectorGeorge W. Weeks - ProducerFrances Kavanaugh - ScreenwriterRobert C. Cline - CinematographerFrank Sanucci - Musical Direction/SupervisionRoy Claire - EditorThe story line and plot , Our heroes Dusty -LRB- John King -RRB- , Davy -LRB- David Sharpe -RRB- and Alibi -LRB- Max Terhune -RRB- members of the Range Busters ride into town to clean things up after the sheriff of Gila Springs is murdered by gunmen , leaving the town wide open for corruption -- Some of the best B-Western character actors ever to ride the dusty trails Charles King , Forrest Taylor , Steve Clark , Kenne Duncan , Milburn Morante , Bud Osborne and Kermit Maynard gives this oater some class . . the cast includes : John ` Dusty ' King ... Dusty KingDavid Sharpe ... Davy SharpeMax Terhune ... Alibi Terhune -LRB- as Max ` Alibi ' Terhune -RRB- Elmer ... Elmer , Alibi 's DummyEvelyn Finley ... Mary RandForrest Taylor ... Mike RandCharles King ... Ed ColeKermit Maynard ... Henchman Ace AltonLynton Brent ... Jeff RandJack Curtis ... Ranch Hand TinySteve Clark ... Marshal Jim HammondKenne Duncan ... Marshal Frank Hammond -LRB- as Kenneth Duncan -RRB- Frank Ellis ... Alton HenchmanFrank LaRue ... Banker JamisonMilburn Morante ... BarflyBud Osborne ... Alton Henchman SlimTex Palmer ... Alton HenchmanBIOS :1 . John ` Dusty ' King -LRB- aka
 Great movie ! It was interesting and witty . Surprise ending with a twist ... I would recommend it to anyone . Hope you like it
 This movie was a wonderful , funny romantic dramedy . It 's very realistic and very entertaining . The writing and acting was great .
 This is a good movie for someone who wants to mop over a bad break up . Break out the rocky road and sob away .
 I ca n't believe none of the reviewers talked about Joel Kinnaman -LRB- Luke the dumper -RRB- in this fantastic movie . While the movie centered around Lola , all the scenes that Joel came onto the screen , he eschewed them , hands down , and charmed the viewers with his unbelievable tenderness , sorrow , and real panic when he realized that he was making a big mistake and wanted to make it right . Yes he was drop dead gorgeous , all skinny long loose limbs , the occassional shy smiles that instantly lit up the screen and those tattoos on his arms , oh , you got ta see them to believe them . Joel first got my attention in the criminally underrated tv series The Killing , highly recommended to anyone who appreciate genuinely good shows . He was truly amazing in that one too .
 This movie will make you laugh and cry . We 've all been through the break up and healing process , and Lola 's journey will remind you that we 're not alone . I called my single dating friends and told them to rent this too ! Well written and well-acted .
 This movie was awesome and inspiring . It 's realistic with todays society . A young girl trying to find herself after a bad breakup . I found it very easy to relate to the character and she reminds me of myself a lot . It 's like that expression `` everything is going to be okay '' . Time heals all emotional wounds . Im glad of her choice that she made at the end , we all like romantic happy endings of movies but that is just not a realistic approach . Great movie for anyone going through a breakup !
 Greta Gerwig has become a bit of the indie it-girl lately , and Lola Versus is a perfect example of why . Her girl-next-door sexiness and quirky sense of humor make her characters lovable and relatable . Lola Versus is a fun film about a young woman in the big city facing the tribulations of love , sex , and life in general . It 's an honest and heartfelt film that is as fun as it is emotional . The Blu-ray looks fantastic as well.Source
 This was a really good indie movie to watch on a rainy day ! I will buy it someday or rent it and watch it again !
 I love , love , loved it . It is not simple or straightforward being an almost 30-something or 30-something woman today . So many options , so many expectations , and so much ambiguity . This movie captures it all in a really simple , honest way that is just enjoyable . And you wrap it up feeling completely alright even if all the loose ends are still loose .
 Lola Versus is a great movie for girl 's night in . Lola is an ordinary girl whose fiance leaves her just weeks before their scheduled wedding . What follows is her humorous and heart warming journey as she tries to find herself . It is n't all victories . In fact , at first there are no victories at all . She flounders through panic attacks , drinking binges , and jumping into bed with all the wrong guys . She even falls into that trap of going back to the guy who broke her heart , just because its familiar . Most of us have been there , and we will relate to the conflicting emotions Lola feels . But in the end , she makes choices that I definitely approve of . It was also great seeing Lola interact with the other characters . Her parents were throw backs from the seventies , and her friend Alice was hilarious . They merged together perfectly to create the perfect combination of romance and humor .
 After reading some pretty bad reviews for this movie , I finally decided to watch it myself . Being in my late 20 's , I found Greta Gerwig 's character relatable and not as spoiled as other reviewer 's have mentioned . I actually felt empathetic toward Lola and imagined myself making the same silly choices she was making had I been in a similar situation.Zoe Lister-Jones was my absolute favorite person in this movie , I loved her role as the quirky/weird best friend . I wish I had a best friend like that ! Her lines were hilarious , perhaps borderline offensive for those who are sensitive , but her character was one of those who actually says the things we usually keep to ourselves.The movie is pretty funny , especially if you are a female . I do n't think my husband would have liked this movie , but it is definitely geared more towards young women . Lola Vs. is a great movie to watch with girlfriends and a bottle of wine .
 This is definitely a movie geared toward women , but more than that , it is a story of love , loss , renewal , friendship and so much more . I had no idea what to expect in this movie , but came to find it to be a fun , enjoyable film with good acting by the whole cast and a strong plot that kept me engaged throughout.One of the other things that made this movie unique were the relationships between the characters , as the actors in the film did a great job at developing these relationships and you could tangibly see this throughout the movie . I have to say that if you like a movie that is edgy and engaging , as well as a bit effeminate , this is definitely the movie for you !
 Greta Gerwig 's characters are weirdos . Not self deprecatingly hilarious like writer creator director twitter twatter Lena Dunham . Lister Jones is the Lena Dunham . Her lines were the killers . Gerwig is not easily lovable . She 's cute and awkwardly sexy , but off enough to scare most folks . I like her . I like this movie . I doubt I would get along well with the character , and I honestly ca n't tell what kind of friend Gerwig would be in person . I like the mystery . I 'm going to keep watching her . And this Wein/Lister Jones work . No , I 'm not tired of New York movies yet . No , I 'm not tired of irritatingly well off and well educated bohemian New Yorkers . Their privilege allows them to self wallow in ways the rest of us do n't have time for . It 's interesting and the architecture is lovely .
 A young woman is preparing for her wedding , when her fianc&eacute; suddenly leaves her . Heartbroken , she tries to get over it , while dealing with new relationship problems . The fianc&eacute; reemerges and she must decide whether or not to get back together with him . The underappreciated Greta Gerwig carries this one well , as the jilted woman who is trying to find her way in world of love and relationships . There is a solid combination of laughs and emotion here as the film touches on s subject many of us are familiar with . Big Screen portrayals of the pursuit of companionship are as old as film itself , but when done in a quality manner , they are always enjoyable .
 I liked this movie . Even more so now that I 'm in a happy relationship and have to watch all chick-flicks with my girl . She was actually tiny bit emotional watching it - perhaps past memories ... Overall , a good rental
 `` Lola Versus '' -LRB- 87 min . -RRB- is the second feature film for real-life partners Daryl Wein -LRB- co-writer and director -RRB- and Zoe Lister Jones -LRB- co-writer and co-star -RRB- , after the promising 2009 feature `` Breaking Upwards '' . I caught `` Lola Versus '' just recently at the Esquire , the Cincinnati indie-movies theatre . `` Lola Versus '' brings the story of Lola -LRB- played by Greta Gerwig -RRB- , who is in a seemingly perfect relationship with boyfriend Like -LRB- played by Joel Kinnaman -RRB- , as it is portrayed in the first 5 min . of the movie . In fact Luke proposes to Lola , who happily says yes . But alas , with only weeks before the wedding date , Luke breaks up with Lola . In the rest of the movie we see Lola struggling to cope with this devastating news , counting on her close friends to help her , including best girl pal Alice -LRB- played by Lister Jones -RRB- and best guy pal Henry -LRB- played by Hamish Linklater -RRB- . It would ruin your viewing experience if I spelled out how it all unfolds , you 'll just have to see it for yourself.Several comments
 This is the quintessential girls night in movie ! Get some bottles of wine and the girlfriends that know all of your relationship details and you will have one of the best nights in a long time . I promise !!
 A young woman is dumped by her soul-mate , just before her wedding day . Lola experiences the trauma of heartbreak , her age , and where her life is heading . After taking the advice from friends and family , she decides to venture out on her own healing journey . Emotional , intriguing , and entertaining throughout . Acting Performance Good , and a Great summer movie . Highly Recommended !
 the supporting character was my favorite part of the movie . she 's funny and had the best lines . overall , pretty entertaining movie and enjoyed it . parts stuck w / me for days and even still now . that usually indicates was worthwhile to me .
 great romantic movie . especially because it 's about learning to love yourself before being able to love others . funny and heartwarming .
 A Woman , A Gun and A Noodle Shop *** Slapstick Drama Full of Twists and Turns `` A Woman , A Gun , and A Noodle Shop '' was interesting in several ways . It is a Chinese movie with subtitles and very odd characters . The camera work showed sharp colors and beautiful desert hillsides as the sun and moon rose and set over several days of complicated actions . I had no idea what to expect , but thought it would be a straight-forward comedy . It turned out to be a drama and comedy full of plot twists following the owner of Chinese noodle shop and his adulterous wife . The gun must have been just invented or brought to China . I am guessing the time is 18th Century China . The wife of the owner of the noodle shop buys a gun at the start of the show from a crazy character that looks like Captain Hook . He also shows her a cannon which shoots out into the desert and creates a black cloud . The cannon shot attracts a goofy group of feudal soldiers or police who arrest women who commit adultry . They bring four women into the noodle shop to show their shame . The owner of the Chinese noodle shop is informed by the feudal police detective that his wife is commiting adultry with a noodle shop employee . Then a series of twists and turns keep the story flowing full of unintended consequences . I was told after seeing the movie it is a remake of Blood Simple , which I can not compare it with as I have not seen it.All the same , the movie was different and kept me interested to see what the next plot twist would be .
 I needed to watch this for a compare and contrast college assignment , comparing Blood Simple , by the Coen Brothers . I liked it better than the movie Blood Simple , since it was more slap stick and straight humor , although I love them both ! Watch this . It 's lots of fun ! Sub-title English - but simple , sparse lines . The scenery and costumes are awesome .
 I saw this on HBO or some premium channel and loved it . Left such an impression , I just wanted to own a copy so I can watch whenever I want .
 When the beautiful wife of an abusive , cruel and wealthy older husband finds comfort in the companionship of a weak-willed but sweet young man who works with her -LRB- for her husband -RRB- in the noodle shop , trouble is bound to ensue . In this production , it comes in a surprising blend of comedy and tragedy -- most surprising of all , perhaps , in how well it works . -LRB- Spoilers -RRB- This movie starts on a peculiar note , with a set of Persian merchants selling the aforementioned wife a gun ; this scene is peculiar for its uncharacteristic flamboyance , which is very unlike the rest of the film . With this introduction , one expects something very outrageous and silly ; what follows is a pleasant surprise , then.The weapons-dealing brings a squad of officers into town , and one of them in particular is interested in the couple 's relationship . He reports their relationship to her abusive husband -LRB- who , we learn , had bought her ten years ago , and abuses her regularly -RRB- ; he pays the detective to do away with his wife and her lover and bury them both where no one will ever find them . The detective agrees , and presents him with bloodied clothing as evidence of the successful completion of his task . Alas for the abusive old pervert , he 's lying ... shooting him with the wife 's gun , the detective sets out to rob the old man 's safe . Except , he does n't know the combination.Meanwhile , no one knows that the old man is dead ; his wife is planning to try to force him to agree to their divorce ... or else to kill herself -LRB- or him -RRB- . At the same time , one of their coworkers , who is owed money by the old man , has learned the combination to the safe.A comedy of errors ensues , where bad timing , accidental discoveries , and ill fortune sees the characters stumbling onto the scenes of murder , interrupting robberies , and misjudging each other 's motives . This comedy comes to a cruel end , however , when , inevitably , the various characters ' paths intersect with one another . As the body count goes up , the humor takes on a more morbid tone , coming to its eventual end with two townsfolk alive -LRB- one still in town , and another fled -RRB- . -LRB- end spoilers -RRB- As bizarre as such a hodgepodge of happenings and characters sounds , it was really quite good . The ending was very sad , and the very beginning silly , but overall it was very good . 5/5 stars , for a unique and interesting film .
 Chinese filmmaker Zhang Yimou is known for his epic films such as `` Hero '' , `` House of Flying Daggers '' , `` Curse of the Golden Flower '' and he also happens to be a fan of the Coen Brothers 1985 film `` Blood Simple '' . So , as a departure of the kind of films that Zhang is known for , a Chinese -LRB- loosely-based -RRB- adaptation of the film was created and `` A Woman , A Gun and a Noodle Shop '' was born.Shot in Northwest China at the Gansu province , `` A Simple Noodle Story '' is a mixture of a dark thriller but also comedy . Praised for its visual look and vibrant colors -LRB- as Zhang Yimou was praised for his use of colors in `` Hero '' -RRB- , `` A Woman , A Gun and a Noodle Shop '' was nominated for a Golden Bear when the film had its international premiere at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival.VIDEO : `` A Woman , A Gun and a Noodle Shop '' is presented in 1080 High Definition -LRB- 2:40:1 -RRB- . When Zhang Yimou 's `` Hero '' was released , the film caught everyone by surprise by its use of color and the overall vibrant colors were a magnificent accomplishment by cinematographer Chris Doyle . And since then , every production , may it be for the Beijing Olympics , Chinese New Year or any film that Zhang Yimou has taken part in has embraced color.This time around , Zhang Yimou collaborates with his cinematographer Xiaoding Zhao , who he worked with previously in `` House of Flying Daggers '' and `` Curse of the Golden Flower '' and once again , color use in this film is magnificent.For one , the characters are wearing colors that pop . Wang 's wife in green , Li in pink , Zhao in orange and Chen in blue . The background of where the film is shot is very close to these hills that are red and earthtone amber colors and those colors absolutely pop!Also , what I found amazing is the detail . The details of the hills and mountain around the area , to the wood-based design of the noodleshop . But you can also see the detail of the clothing and fabric . The curvature of the police uniform that Zhang is wearing and everything is so detailed , that I found it to be amazing in HD . And typically when you get these colors , you expect to see some banding and I did n't see any banding at all . Nor did I see any crush , especially during the scenes with Wang -LRB- who tends to stay in the dark in the cellar -RRB- . Blacks are nice and deep , I did n't notice any artifacts or edge enhancement . `` A Woman , A Gun and a Noodle Shop '' looks amazing in HD!AUDIO & SUBTITLES : Similar to the picture quality , `` A Woman , A Gun and A Noodle Shop '' has its moments where the lossless audio track really catches your attention . Presented in Chinese Mandarin 5.1 DTS-HD MA , from the opening scenes with the cannonball being blasted or when a gun is being shot . But where you will hear awesome audio is when the noodle shop is working and you can hear the flames through the surround channels , also the ambiance of the police men inside the restaurant or when they are traveling and you can hear the whirl from a fan that they are carrying.While the majority of the film is dialogue and music-driven and a lot of it through the front and center channels , you do get enough of noise coming through the surround channels as well and it 's well-utilized throughout the film . Even for little things such as Li 's clumsiness as he keeps tripping , Zhang firing off arrows or hearing him unsheat his sword or trying to break into the safe , these moments really come alive as if it is happening right near you in real-time . So , overall , the lossless audio soundtrack is amazing.Subtitles are presented in English , English SDH , French and Spanish.SPECIAL FEATURES : `` A Woman , A Gun and a Noodle Shop '' comes with the following special features : * Creating A Woman , A Gun and a Noodleshop - -LRB- 1:59:14 -RRB- Presented in standard definition , this featurette actually comprises of probably close to two dozen mini-featurettes . This special feature goes through so many elements of what took place behind-the-scenes of the film and also featuring mini-featurettes focused on the director and the six major talents of the film . From covering the costume design , casting , what the talent like to do during the off-time , singing , learning dance moves , stunt coordination and also giving us an idea of a behind-the-scenes look at the filming of `` A Woman , A Gun and A Noodle Shop '' . But also to showcase how busy a director Zhang Yimou is because while he was working on this film , he was also working on a Chinese New Year event . * Theatrical Trailer - -LRB- 1:55 -RRB- The original theatrical trailer to `` A Woman , A Gun and A Noodle Shop '' . JUDGMENT CALL : Absolutely enjoyable , fun and a bit twisted ... `` A Women , A Gun and A Noodle Shop '' was a pleasant surprise!If anything , Zhang Yimou is a fantastic filmmaker . He knows what he wants , he has been able to create these visually fantastic films and also epic Chinese films but `` A Women , A Gun and A Noodle Shop '' is a big surprise . For one , I never expected to see Zhang take on a Coen Brothers film and do a loose adaptation of it . And because of the departure from his previous films , many see this film as a way for the director to try something experimental , crazy but also a homage to the Coen Brother 's 1984 debut classic but done in a Chinese way , using impressive and visually appealing colors.I have to admit , I 'm still surprise by how he was able to take the storyline of the Coen Brothers ' `` Blood Simple '' and transform this film to a Chinese period film.As mentioned , `` A Women , A Gun and A Noodle Shop '' relies heavily on visuals , physical comedy , even the use of gags that may have been seen in '70s and '80s Chinese comedy/period films , these are not the type of films that Zhang Yimou is known for . But he is able to craft this film , using `` Blood Simple '' as a blueprint and having fun with the storyline . And to see this balance of comedy , vibrant colors to moments of dark twisted planning , with wonderful cinematography , beautiful costume design and also impressive set design as everything is shot with these breathtaking red/amber-colored hills and blue sky , this movie was not only artistic , creative and fun , it 's another great film among the many awesome films in Zhang Yimou 's oeuvre . It 's literally a work of art!And typically with many Chinese period films , there are so many characters and special effects that at times , the storyline can get convoluted or even derivative of past Chinese films but this time , the story is kept simple within six characters . The visual storytelling and how each of these characters are displayed was quite fascinating.The performance by Honglei Sun as the police detective Zhang turned crooked and literally a murderer , was quite interesting and there is this sinister feeling that among the five other characters of this film , this lighthearted comedy was going to quickly change to a sinister , dark and twisted drama of who will be the last person standing?Actress Ni Yan does a wonderful job playing Wang 's wife . Submissive to him but also strong-willed in front of the employees , this is a woman who has been hurt so much by her husband that she seems to be staying because of the financial convenience . The only person keeping her sane is the employee Li who has become like a good , listening friend for her . Mischievous , playful but also a woman trying to find her inner strength.The comedian Xiao Shen-Yang does a wonderful job playing the paranoid Li . A man who knows between right and wrong but yet feels sorry for his boss 's wife and thus has her interests in mind , despite trying to keep his job at the noodle shop . Li does his own stunts but just captures the look and feel of a paranoid man quite well!Dahong Ni as Wang is the elder man who is jealous that his wife is having an affair behind his back and now wants her gone . Dahong Ni does a great job of playing the rich man who has power because of money and knowing he has control over his wife which he bought and over his employees.As for Ye Cheng as Zhao and Mao Mao as Chen , these characters are almost like characters that seem quite common when you watch a Shaw Bros. film . But this time in a Zhang Yimou film . Zhao is not very bright and has the big overbite , while Chen is the good friend of Zhao , who just works at the noodle shop and wants to keep out of trouble.The Blu-ray release is magnificent and once again , Sony Pictures Classics gives us an incredible visual film that definitely stands out amongst Zhang Yimou 's previous , magnificent work . The special features has plenty of mini-featurettes and about two hours worth of material on the making of the film and also showing us how life is quite busy for the world renown director.Overall , `` A Woman , A Gun and a Noodle Shop '' was a fantastic film and also a refreshing escape from the kind of film that we are used to seeing from Zhang Yimou . I 'm not sure if I would qualify this film as being a masterpiece because of it 's crazy use of comedy at times , but still , it was an impressive film that I can see myself coming back to quite often.Entertaining , fun , twisted and beautiful ... `` A Woman , A Gun and a Noodle Shop '' may be loosely-based on the Coen Brothers `` Blood Simple '' but Zhang Yimou creates a different but yet fantastic film all on his own . Visually impressive , fantastic cinematography ... this film is definitely recommended !
 Loce Coen Bros films and this adaptation of one of their best is simply great . Blood Simple from an Asian perspective . Loved it
 This is a Chinese film -LRB- English subtitles -RRB- based on the 1984 Coen brothers ' production of Blood Simple . I think both films are excellent and would be hard pressed to rank one above the other.The basic story
 In 1984 two film making brothers , Ethan and Joel Cohen , bust on the scene with a film called BLOOD SIMPLE . The film offered a philandering wife , a sleazy bar owner and a man who 'd kill for money . Stylishly made it put the Cohen brothers on the map and led to a string of hits that culminated last year with TRUE GRIT . It also resulted in being remade in China under the name A WOMAN , A GUN AND A NOODLE SHOP.The movie this time around changes not just locations but time period as well . Taking place in the not too distant past , a woman purchases a gun during the opening sequence . She is the wife of Wang , the owner of the noodle shop and a woman unhappy in her marriage . As we find out , she was purchased and nightly punished by her husband , Wang . It 's little wonder she 's taken up with one of his employees , Li.The movie shifts back and forth from drama to comedy depending on the circumstances and actors involved . Li comes off as a bit of a buffoon , always concerned that the boss will find out about their indiscretion and do him harm . The wife -LRB- as she is known -RRB- shows less concern and more of a plotting attitude , not planning on killing her husband but still attempting to find a way out of the marriage and into the arms of Li.As for Wang he appears to be an older man who knows his wealth buys him power . So much so that when he learns of the affair between his wife and Li , he asks a policeman/solider named Zhang to kill them both for a fee . They discuss the amount and Wang goes to his safe to retrieve the money for Zhang who sees just how much the safe holds.The culmination of these events , the purchase of the gun , the affair , the planned murder and what happens to each of these characters makes for an interesting story . But what makes the film better than most is n't just the tale but the arresting visuals used . The reddish dirt covered hills around the shop , the deep blue skies with pure white clouds , even the night time sequences all seem to pop off the screen with some amazing camera work.Director Yimou Zhang is well known for his films like RAISE THE RED LANTERN , HERO and HOUSE OF FLYING DAGGERS , each having the same sort of visual appeal . He does n't disappoint here with some amazing things to see and experience . The colors are the brightest I 've seen on film and work well , everything from the costumes to the setting.The actors all come off good as well ; even through the barrier of language -LRB- the film is in Chinese with English sub titles -RRB- . Keeping in mind these characters live in a time very different from our own , they each display characteristics that are original rather than simply playing them as they 've been done before.On the whole I would recommend this movie to anyone who has n't seen a film from China yet . There is a whole world of wonder to be experienced out there . Forget the washed out visuals seen in tons of poorly made kung fu films in the past , the doors have opened for something different from this country .
 A WOMAN , A GUN AND A NOODLE SHOP -LRB- 2009 , dir . Zhang Yimou , U.S.A. release 2010 -RRB- is one of the most delightful , weird and suspenseful arthouse type films I have ever seen . It was laugh-out-loud hilarious yet it had a combined air of Hitchcock and Kurosawa . A remake of the Coen Brothers ' first film , BLOOD SIMPLE -LRB- 1984 -RRB- , NOODLE SHOP got the ancient Chinese treatment , and I 've never seen Chinese actors excel like this since they did CROUCHING TIGER , HIDDEN DRAGON.Set someplace in the Taklimakan Desert in China , along the Silk Route , set around the late 1700s , this is a tale of four young innocents and a nasty , bitter old miser . Wang , the old miser with the fortress-like little mini-village all his own along the Silk Road , keeps almost as a prisoner his young wife of ten years . She is nearly insane with boredom and the desire to flee old Wang . But she is trapped.In a hilarious rickety train wreck of a story , the restaurant employees -LRB- a chubby simple fellow , another young woman , and the rather gay best friend to Mrs. Wang -RRB- entertain a group of Persians . The leader -LRB- an incredibly goofy Julien Gaudfroy -RRB- , dressed a bit like a colorful Captain Jack Sparrow , sells Mrs. Wang a pistol . The most powerful weapon in the world , and the sales pitch , haggling and general dialogue is some of the best I 've seen . They try to sell her a 6 '' gun -LRB- meaning a typical ship 's cannon -RRB- and the crazy Persian fires it into the distant desert to show it off . `` I 'll just stick with the gun '' Mrs. Wang says dryly . The cannon fire brings along a Monty Python detachment of Imperial police , their leader one of the funniest performers I have ever watched . I called him `` Officer Cookie Monster '' because of his Muppet-like demeanor and his goggly crossed eyes . Absolutely fall-down-on-the-floor . It is his ` best detective ' who will play a role in this sad , evil story of four innocent people , an idiot paranoid old miser , a robotic Imperial police officer and a murder scheme.I will not spoil it further
 This is one of the most startling beautiful films I have ever run across.It is set in desert region that neither Utah nor Arizona can duplicate . The basic story is , I suppose , a farce in which various people come to untimely ends , the action interspersed with fabulous ballet -- a canon advertisement , a pizza style noodle preparation involving numerous people , and so on -- It includes some character types only found in Chinese films like a sort of `` Baby Huey '' character , one assumes to be an eunuch but who seems to have eyes for one of the girls in the shop , and an old miser who is preoccupied with his image , and so on . All this takes place somewhere near a gate in the great wall in some ill defined time in the past when guns and bullets were made one at a time . It is n't , however , just a noodle shop in the desert , it is a beautifully created and lighted noodle house in the middle of a fabulous desert where it has no business being at all . Every shot is a study in chiaroscuro in colors both brash and harmonious such as Caravaggio would have approved.There are a few things that I really do n't understand . In the opening sequence the lady manager of the house buys a gun from a traveling merchant in order to have power that she lacks in her social setting . In the course of dickering over the price of the gun they go through the old routine of one character offering an ever rising price starting at one and ending at ten while the other offers and ever decreasing price , but instead of meeting in the middle at five they keep going until they arrive at the other persons starting price , the seller offering the gun of one dollar and the buyer offering ten . It 's an old gag , yes , but it is nicely done here except for one thing , the haggling is done in English . This DVD is in Cantonese but i first saw it in Mandarin . The merchant looks persian , as do his assistants , and the Chinese are all Chinese . Why are they arguing in English ? I have no idea , but it is one of those moments when you feel like you missed something and it is my guess that it is a Chinese joke that nobody will ever explain to me . They all apparently know English because they just finished a short argument over the phrase `` must die , '' which someone misunderstands as `` moose die . '' I do n't believe they have moose in the desert in China , but , again , I have the feeling that I have missed something.All that as it may be , I highly recommend this film . Did I mention it is one of the most beautiful films ever made ? Yes , I think I did .
 The Hollywood buzz about this movie was mostly negative with lots of comments about it being overly acted and overly directed . Frankly , I found the movie excellent with many flashes of the cast and director 's great talent . The location of the Noodle shop on the edge of a great painted desert-like wilderness reminded the audience of an early 2,000 year-old version of the Howard Johnson chain motels and cafes . These inns were placed along roads so that travelers would n't starve or run out of water . The only thing that was missing was a series of stone signs reading `` Last Water Stop For Two Day 's Walk . `` The movie was kind of slap-stick Chinese Theater , but it worked fine . Much has been made out of the director 's adaptation , actually homage , of the Cohen Brother 's movie `` Blood Simple , '' but frankly most people wo n't even recognize that . This story works just as well in Chinese cinema as it did in America . The humor is funny , the characters are large and obvious , but oh so human . As is the usual case with this legendary director , the cinematography is wonderful . Some of the landscapes are stunning . Over-all the film also has a Clint Eastwood , Italian Western feeling about it . It 's kind of a successful chop suey-spaghetti western . It 's a very entertaining escape from the boring daily routine .
 The number of films I 've seen more than 9 times within 3 months is limited to one
 Another film that was showing in selected theaters only - not where I live !!!!! Could n't wait to get this one after seeing a brief trailer . This movie was a lot of fun . I enjoyed the whole shabang . Easy to watch , great goofy characters , comedy , fantastic landscape , wonderful cartoon costumes , sillyness , and wonders abound . Fast paced beginning - a total improbable romp that is eye poping . Very hollywood , but with a Chinese sensibility.Recommended for the `` noodle dish '' acrobatics as well . Made me want to chow down on those darned noodles!Wonderful cinemaphotography - whats new - Zhang Yimou is an absolute master of cinemaphotography.Go for it !
 The `` A Woman , a Gun and a Noodle Shop '' is a very hilarious , noir film , spectacular views and color that I have enjoyed since its arrival . DVD in impeccable and mint condition .
 THE TALL MAN is a social morality play disguised as a thriller disguised as a horror . It takes place in Cold Rock , a Washington mining town that has been devastated by the economy . Most of the citizens are dysfunctional hicks and rednecks who seem content to scrabble among the woods , getting drunk , fighting , or just rocking in front of the diner and watching it all waste away . Everyone , that is , except for Julia -LRB- Jessica Biel -RRB- , the widowed nurse/wife of the town 's only doctor -LRB- `` He held this community together , '' more than one persons says -RRB- . She is beautiful , poised , and has the determination and grit of a Terminator-era Linda Hamilton as she saves the lives of illegitimate babies in her ramshackle clinic -LRB- which used to be a school -RRB- , or confronts abusive molesters in their trash-strewn front lawns.Big problem with the town
 Okay , this movie wants you to believe that it is a horror movie . The setting is gloomy and drab , set in a coal mining town hit hard by economic hard times ... Honestly , while I sit here watching the 2012 Presidential election , I realize it is a movie that millions of Americans can relate to today . In addition , as a high school counselor , a lot of discussion could be had after watching this movie ... Remember , I absolutely LOVE movies that make me scream ... . keep me on the edge of my seat ... . and keep me totally engaged while I 'm trying to figure out what is actually going on , without being subjected to Scream-esque bludgeoning with squirting fake blood ! This movie does just that.The Tall Man is a movie with a lesson ... one that we have discussed over lunch at school.I recommend this movie ... . it will leave you satisfied at the end ... Let me know what you think after you watch it ! That 's all I 'm going to say so that I do NOT give too much away ... . Enjoy !!
 This very good film shocked me as few others did since `` Seven '' , surprised me as few others did since the `` Usual suspects '' and in a couple of scenes also scared me -LRB- although ultimately it was not half as scary as I expected -RRB- . The story happens in Cold Rock , a little half-abandoned town in the state of Washington , where for the last couple of years somebody or SOMETHING abducted seventeen little children , babies or toddlers . There never was a viable suspect and no bodies were ever found . Terrified local residents nick named the person or THING behind those appearances `` The Tall Man '' . A local nurse , Julia Dening , will finally become extremely concerned by the question `` Who , or WHAT , is The Tall Man '' . A mute young girl , Jenny -LRB- Jodelle Ferland -RRB- , who is the only one to really have seen `` The Tall Man '' with her own eyes , holds maybe some clues to solve the riddle ... This is a very clever , very surprising thriller which manages to preserve the suspense for a very long time . I managed to understand what is going on a little bit earlier than it was openly revealed , but still , it was only 10 minutes before the end ... Actors are doing great . Jessica Biel is here excellent and as always extremely beautiful . Joelle Ferland proves once again her great talent - she will be a great star one day ! William B. Davis , the `` Smoking Man '' from X-Files , plays the role of the local old and slightly hapless sheriff - or is he really so hapless ? Stephen McHattie , a Canadian veteran actor , does a great job as a tenacious detective , Lieutenant Dodd -LRB- he is mostly known from second roles , but his threatening face is rather unforgettable ... -RRB- . Last but not least , there is Colleen Wheeler , who plays Ms. Johnson , a local crazy woman - Ms Johnson is a secondary but important character and Colleen Wheeler played her perfectly.I would advise to NOT read more detailed reviews or even watch the trailers , so you can go see this film like I did , without knowing anything else other than what we can guess from the poster at the cinema entry . The surprises are important and the director did all he could to give us lots of false clues to prevent the secret of being found too early.Now , if what you need is a classical horror , here you risk to be a little bit disappointed , because this film is ... well , something different . As father of little children myself I must say that I was quite troubled by the whole story and GREATLY shocked and upset by the solution . But I am not giving any more clues . Enjoy the film and decide yourself what you think of it .
 The Tall Man is not a Horror film but a thought provoking Drama/Mystery that is well written , acted and executed.It morphs from one Disguised genre to another with shocking revelation and ease.I found myself so engrossed in the film and it really left an impact on me , I ca n't say a lot about the plot as not to give too much away but I will say that if you are looking for a Horror film this is n't what you want but if you want an intelligent film that leaves you somewhat conflicted watch it.It will have you thinking about it long after the end credits roll.I think the bad reviews are from people that expected and wanted to see a Horror flick and I can understand that as I love Horror as well but was not at all disappointed when the Tide turned.Jessica Biel and Samantha Ferris are stand outs in their roles and the rest of the cast is impressive as well
 Jessica Biel gives one of her best performances to date ... Not a Horror film but a tense thriller that keeps you on the edge of your seat ... The final premise leaves you wondering if it is really happening throughout the world !
 This was surprisingly a pretty decent movie . It had a couple of twists and turns that I did not expect .
 I enjoyed this movie and will watch it again . Very well done with interesting plot twist . Great for giving as a gift .
 I actually liked this movie . It left me in suspense which I love but even better was the ending ... very messed up but it will make you think is this right or wrong ... you have to watch it to understand . Overall it was a good suspenseful movie .
 Tall Man was about a small town that had a number of kids that come up missing and what did the Tall Man have to do with the missing kids . I wanted to watch TM because it has the same director that did the movie Martyrs . You ca n't go into TM wanting to see Martyrs 2 . This is slower and a lot less blood . Not to give to much away the first part of the movie seems to tell the story in mystical way and the last part of the movie seems to have a more real world solution to the story . TM had a couple of twists you may or may not like but I think it 's worth a watch .
 I guess I was looking for a typical horror plot . Instead this is a social commentary ... sort of , manifested as a horror story , and the result is really something disquieting and scary . After reading some other reviews I admit I was disinclined to watch it but I 'm glad I decided to check it out . I have to wonder ... were we watching the same movie ? It 's scary , and surprising , and ultimately thought provoking . Not earth-shattering , but definitely Good .
 The Tall Man -LRB- Pascal Laugier , 2012 -RRB- The first thing to know about The Tall Man , the third feature from French wunderkind Pascal Laugier , is that unlike his first two films , it is not in any way a horror movie . I was as shocked by this as everyone else seems to have been , but then upon reflection it 's not outside the realm of the probable ; Laugier 's first two features , while both superlative , were about as diametrically opposed as it 's possible to be and still both be horror films -LRB- Saint Ange is a stylish , lushly-shot haunted-asylum picture , while Martyrs is a claustrophobic torture porn film with a studied absence of atmosphere -RRB- . Unfortunately , it has been marketed as such , probably to cash in on Laugier 's name , so a lot of people have been a lot more disappointed in this than they should have been had it been marketed as the mystery/thriller that it is . That said , it 's not up to par with Laugier 's earlier movies , but that 's a relative thing ; it 's still better than at least 85 % of what you will see this year . Laugier , after all , set his own bar very , very high over the past decade.Plot
 I have to admit that I spent a lot of time being completely confused by the plot of this movie . It did all come together by the end though and when it did , I liked it . Some people are disappointed by this kind of movie . It looks like a horror movie and then turns out not to be . I liked it though . It 's definately worth watching .
 Watched this today on Netflix and wow ! I loved the imagery of this movie ! I was taken by total surprise at the ending as well . You do get an idea of what 's going on at a certain point when she explains some things . I think this movie was wonderful and it was actually refreshing to see something different with good intentions . The sad thing is , so much of what this movie is about is true . Either way I love it and plan on adding it to my list of movies to buy ! Highly recommend !
 The movie is original and suspenseful . The plot really throws you for a loop and you 'll be trying to figure out who is the good guy even after finishing the movie.It 's worth a rental and it 's also available on Netflix -LRB- as of writing this review . -RRB-
 The Tall Man is an origional thriller that keeps you guessing , when you thing you know who the bad guy is your wrong , it keeps you guessing untill the end . If you like departing from the origional style Hollywood from of plot this is a movie you will want to see .
 I really enjoyed the movie . I realize it wo n't seem good to everybody , but you should give it a chance and watch for yourself . Do n't discount it because of the reviews of others . You might like it , as well .
 The title and preview made us think this was a slenderman movie which was exciting to my son . I watched it to make sure of the content -LRB- he is 14 -RRB- and was surprised . I wo n't give spoilers but I will let him watch with the warning that it is not what he was hoping . I liked the movie because it did cause some thinking and had a interesting twist .
 Possibly Jessica Biel 's best performance . I think of her as an average actress but here she does above average work . Now this movie is 4 stars because it above average horror movie . It is not a bloody slasher flick , torture porn , or other gory type . It is a modern story that is built on a basic concept executed with competence . It can create some thought after the movie is over , but nothing that will have you talking too far into the future . The fact that a discussion can be had about this movies plot after it is over -LRB- and I mean this in a positive manner -RRB- earns it points.If you are looking for interesting horror movie that at least some thouhgt went into this movie can be a little surprise .
 The town of Cold Rock has been terrorized by `` The Tall Man , '' who , the townspeople believe , is responsible for a series of missing children . A French-Canadian production `` The Tall Man '' centers on Julia Dunning -LRB- Jessica Biel -RRB- , a widowed nurse respected in the community , whose young boy David is abducted by a hooded stranger in the middle of the night.Without giving anything away , `` The Tall Man , '' set in a small Washington State ex-coalmining town , is less about the titular person and the truth behind the missing kids , than about the community 's people trapped in this dying town - including Jenny -LRB- Jodelle Ferland -RRB- , a lonely young girl Julia likes - and how the `` truth '' will be revealed to us in an unconventional way.Written and directed by Pascal Laugier -LRB- `` Martyrs '' -RRB- , `` The Tall Man '' is suspenseful throughout , with enough surprises to keep us interested , though those who expected more orthodox-type horror might find it disappointing . Like Daniel Stamm 's `` The Last Exorcism , '' much of the film 's appeal lies in the flaunting , or disregard , of genre conventions.I am impressed with the way the film , without using fragmented narrative , tantalizes the audience 's curiosity as to what is really going on , and Jessica Biel 's fine performance . This is more a mystery than a horror and it works as such .
 Arrived promptly , in good shape and was an intriguing movie . A good recommendation for anyone who wants to watch a movie that makes one think .
 This movie was fantastic ! I ca n't believe how few reviews there are and how negative they are . This is not the B horror flick you 're expecting . For most of the movie you will not know what the F is going on , which I love because I am so sick of movies that I know what 's going to happen within the first 30 minutes . There is mystery , suspense , twists and turns , and most importantly there is a question which the movie poses ... that goes unanswered . I love this movie . I was so pleasantly surprised with it and I hope others will watch and appreciate it as well !
 Great Movie , loved the Twist!The movie leads you in one direction while still keeping you on the edge ! only untilthe very end does it come clear !! its really a sleeper ! Great Movie
 Complex , unpredictable , worth watching . I never saw an ad for this movie and did n't know what to expect . watch it .
 this movie is not bad at all only thing is it should have beed 30 mins longer than it was
 Liked this one allot , suspense right up to the very end . Keeps you guessing and creating all sort of possible scenarios , in the end ... . I 'll not tell see for yourself .
 So there 's essentially nothing I can really say about the plot without giving anything away that 's vital to the enjoyment of this thought provoking and fairly controversial film . I was looking at reviews and people either hated it , loved it or raged the hell out over it . Basically , you got a tiny town where kids are disappearing without any trace whatsoever and the only leads anyone has is a strange myth about `` The Tall Man '' , a creature that lurks deep in the woods . The movie starts out incredible , hits a dry spot , gets very , very confusing to the point that you 're almost done with it and then its throws everything in overdrive , answers all your questions and ends the best way it could.I have pretty much no reason to not give this a perfect rating except that it had a few very pointless dry and somewhat pointless parts and it was advertised as a horror when its not very scary but is defiantly a thriller.p.s . this is not a slenderman movie as a ton of people want to think it is . I had originally thought it was until further inspection
 This crime/drama/mystery starts out with glass being picked out of Julie 's face -LRB- Jessica Biel -RRB- then we flashback 36 hours to briefly build character . Cold Rock , Washington is a dead mining town where children frequently go missing . The town folk blame the `` Tall Man . '' Julie is a nurse who runs the community clinic . She has taken over for her husband who was a doctor.During this time we are introduced to Tracy -LRB- Samantha Ferris -RRB- , her biker boyfriend Steven -LRB- Teach Grant -RRB- , and her two teen daughters Carol -LRB- Katherine Ramdeen -RRB- who recently had a child by Steven , and Jenny -LRB- Jodelle Ferland -RRB- a self imposed mute who has seen the Tall Man . When Julie 's son David is abducted , mom springs into action without thought for her personal safety.Then the movie turns weird . We discover that the town 's police car rear doors can open from the inside and poverty is a cycle that results from a broken system . The twist caught me off guard which is why I liked the film . In fact it flashes back and let 's you see the clues , in case you missed them . The film raises social questions , but does n't supply definitive answers . Good acting . Well written . I liked how the story developed . It spent just a touch too much making social comments , rather than just have the film speak for itself.PARENTAL GUIDE
 This movie is not a horror movie but it is a very good thriller/mystery . It 's unfortunate that it may be associated with the child stealing Slenderman legend . I though the acting was good and the story pretty interesting . I would recommend it . It is better than most of the stuff that comes out these days .
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- THE TALL MAN is based on a true story . Look around you . The poverty . The anguish . The suffering children . It is an emotionally charged ride . You will feel your heart pounding in your throat at times . You will cry at others . This movie brings action and emotion together in a way that few have . The concept is not cliche . If you like a movie that is anything but predictable horror-mill cut-and-dried tapioca flavored pablum , you will find this entertaining . you will find it quite thought-provoking . I think that is where a lot of people left the party . The drain on the brain falls mainly on the plain ??? I will highly recommend this movie , especially if you are looking for something out of the norm . However , if thinking is not your strong suit , maybe try an animated feature . Warning
 This movie turned out to be the weirdest that I have seen in a while . However , the originality of the unpredictable plot twist was a pleasurable relief from the common mediocre blueprint that many movies seem to be following these days . The Tall Man addresses issues of child rearing by unappreciative or at least incapable parents and the effect it ultimately has on society as a whole . This was a strange one indeed , but I liked it .
 Loved the suspense , but i need to watch it again to figure out the plot . When it ended i was confused . It seems very close to the Movie &#34; The Village &#34;
 This is a raw look at a dying town that 's been hit by a series of mysterious disappearances . Children have been vanishing practically out from under their parents ' noses . We see the fear piling on top of the economic depression that has struck this town . There are the cars up on blocks in front yards full of junk - the suspicious , careful exchanges among the patrons of the local diner - and the general bitterness that 's settling like volcanic ash over the town.After some twists and turns , this movie does provide a resolution to the mystery , albeit a rather improbable and partial one . Along the way , you 're sometimes not sure if you 're being projected into a dream or if you 've just been taken to another level of stark reality.However , it 's not the overall plot that 's really important here . It 's the atmosphere that draws you in , and individual harrowing scenes , such as the town nurse 's grueling pursuit of the snatcher 's van.Above all , I appreciated `` Tall Man '' for its courage in photographing women as they look in real life , rather than as the finished products of Hollywood make-up departments . The women featured in this film look out at us , unpainted , unvarnished - raw in their emotion - and therefore singularly beautiful .
 All I can say is you have to watch it , a number of twists , not who you think or what you think or why you think ... sorry but that 's all ... or I 'll spoil the whole movie . I think those who rated it it low were expectiong a horror movie , which I do n't like because most are predictible and not scary . I did n't know who Jessica Biel was untill I saw this movie ... she did a good job .
 My press contact for Image Entertainment 's `` The Tall Man '' could n't be more correct . It 's the sort of film you come away from either really liking or really hating . I enjoyed the movie and found it to be a unique little thriller.A nurse -LRB- Jessica Biel -RRB- takes over the duties of her deceased husband in a small mining town . Her son -LRB- Jakob Davies -RRB- is kidnapped and she believes it 's the work of the Tall Man . Local legends tell of a man who comes out of the woods and abducts their children . Can the citizens track down the abductor before he strikes again?Director / writer Pascal Laugier put together a smart indie thriller that looks like a slasher / torture porn movie from the outside but upon closer examination is much more intricate and elaborate . It 's a great movie that keeps the viewer wondering what 's happening all the way to the end.Jessica Biel gives a convincing performance as the nurse and single-mother of missing child David . This is a role like none I 've ever seen her in . Biel 's no longer the teen she was in `` 7th Heaven . '' It 's hard to wipe the memory of her as Mary Camden from your mind and accept her in the role of a mother and nurse but she pulls it off quite well.Jodelle Ferland plays a girl named Jenny who claims to have seen the Tall Man . She does an impressive job of portraying her as a mute . Ferland displays different emotions with just the use of her facial expressions which can be hard for any actor.The high-definition transfer of the movie gives audiences a clean picture which thoroughly captures the gloomy ghost town it takes place in . The 5.1 surround mix lends to the atmospheric flavor you 'd expect from a thriller / slasher film . The soundtrack startles you when it needs to and all the creepy sounds are here to make your skin crawl just the way horror fans like it.There are a few special features but not the ones I was looking for . The story leaves one with questions you would love to hear director Pascal Laugier address through an audio commentary or featurette . Unfortunately , we do n't always get what we want . It does contain visual concepts , deleted scenes , and a trailer . `` The Tall Man '' takes the familiar elements of mainstream thrillers and the genre horror and slasher films we all love and blends them together to serve up an enthralling film that will leave you muttering , `` What 's going on ? '' to yourself . There are some predictable moments , but the end justifies the means in this situation . Just do n't buy the Blu-ray version hoping for answers or insight into the story or characters ' motivations . I 'm afraid viewers are left on their own to make of those what they will .
 I am extremely critical of movies these days . I am not easily entertained . This movie was not what I expected at all . It kept me engaged and guessing the entire time . This is a great movie , and I absolutely recommend it to everyone . It 's one that I would definitely watch again !!
 Outstanding movie . Asks a lot of questions . Please watch it with an open mind . It is NOT a horror movie , is more like a social thriller . Do n't listen to the naysayers on this website , they most likely did n't understand or do n't agree with the final question the movie asks at the very end as the titles role . . The action takes place in a small mining town in Washington state in the middle of the woods . The plot is poorly described on the cover of the blu ray . I will do my best to describe it without spoiling the story for you.Jessica Biel is a nurse -LRB- Julia Denning -RRB- who lives in this small town . She was married to the town 's doctor who died and now tries to take care of everybody in this small town . This was a booming town with everybody working at the mine . Everybody was prosperous and happy . The mine is closed now for some time and the town is loaded with jobless poor people and a lot of young kids running around aimlessly while their parents drink , smoke , fight , and make more kids -LRB- ... wonder where all the money comes from , for cigarettes , food and alcohol -RRB- . The kids grow old and then they get married and make more kids on their own , while sitting in a bar drinking , complaining about how hard life is , and smoking all day long . After the mine closed and the town started deteriorating , young kids started disappearing . Everybody talks about a tall man who is most likely responsible for the abduction of the children . While everybody is uptight about the tall man , the kids are still out playing while their parents seat around in the town 's small restaurant drinking , eating , and doing nothing . The movie starts when already 17 young kids are missing and Jessica Biel 's son -LRB- David -RRB- is abducted too . She is chasing down the person who stole her son , and ... I am going to leave it here because I do n't want to give you the really interesting plot and the unexpected ending of the movie . Unlike other movies that let you guess at the end or create your own ending -LRB- ... sic ! -RRB- , there is a full explanation at the very end of the movie -LRB- last 2-3 minutes -RRB- and a question that begs for a discussion and an answer . It is difficult to give a straight answer . The director wants to make sure that we know exactly where he is going with the movie . After watching the movie please come back here if you want , and let 's have a philosophical discussion about the story and its purpose . Do we need to break the cycle?Jessica Biel is outstanding and the supporting cast provides a great performance . Five stars all around for the very clever plot and the acting , and remember ... `` knowledge is the key that opens all the doors '' .
 This is an excellent work that straddles the line between tense drama and psychological suspense . It starts off slow and almost seems cliche at first , but that 's just to lull you into a false sense of having seen this whole act before . Hang in there because it becomes a taught thriller with clever twists and turns all the way to the end . About 30 minutes in I found myself thinking , `` Wow , what the heck is going on here ?! '' and , soon thereafter , `` Holy cow , I ca n't figure this thing out ! '' I was wracking my brain trying to figure out which of the many red herrings might lead to the correct conclusion.As mentioned , during the first 30 minutes the acting seems almost wooden and TV-movie-of-the-week-esque , but there 's a reason for that . In truth and in retrospect , the acting is superb , the dialog exceptional , and the script pretty well thought-through . Looking back , I realize there are many neat details that add to the believability of the primary story . Admittedly , there are a few moments that are n't presented or fleshed out particularly well -- e.g. the flashback scenes in the diner . Although these gave me pause for thought and caused me to drop suspension of disbelief momentarily , they did n't ruin the overall experience of the film.What 's key is that this film is n't just about entertaining or getting your blood pressure up -- both of which it does well -- it 's also deeply thought-provoking social commentary.There really is n't much gore to speak of -LRB- it really is psych suspense and not horror -RRB- . The cursing is minimal and there is no nudity . I 'd advise against reading too many reviews prior to watching this movie , by the way . Part of the fun of this flick is trying to figure out what the dickens is going on . For me , this one is worth a second watch.If you like your movies brain-busting , head-scratching , high-blood-pressure-inducing , and thought-provoking , this is one not to be missed . -- A related aside
 Atmospheric and clever , this movie was not what I expected . To her credit , Jessica Biel does a fine job delivering her most layered role to date . One particular scene weakened the story , delving too deeply into social commentary and discarding the momentum leading up to that point . Just the same , this is worth a rental on a cold , rainy night .
 Fun twists and turns , good suspense and action and nary a horror or supernatural element at all to goo up the works - what 's not to like about this more than adequate B-movie ride ? Jessica Biel , all washed out and working classy , does a strong job fully clothed -LRB- sad to say -RRB- but the story supports her well . There are at least two major detours that lead you where you do n't expect . B movie thrills and something that forces you to think as you watch . Do n't like thinking at the movies ? Go see Avengers again .
 DO N'T read too many reviews about this movie , just watch it ! If you read too much into what it 's all about it will ruin the effect of the movie ! Do n't listen to the 1 star ratings ! If you like smart , keep you on the edge of your seat , keep you guessing type of movies then this is the one for you !
 -LCB- 4.5 stars -RCB- `` The Tall Man '' has all the appearances of a standard urban legend abduction/murder thriller , but it turns out to be deeper and more challenging than anything in that genre could ever be . Just when it seems to let you down by unraveling too quickly , a new thread emerges , and the surprises continue right up to the very end . No , it does n't answer all the questions for you , but there is a very solid plot-line here , and it leaves just enough to the imagination . `` The Tall Man '' 's biggest weakness is probably that it 's just too hurried
 I very rarely write reviews on movies that are listed on Amazon , but after watching this movie on Amazon Streaming , I had to write something . Being a fan of Jessica Biel , I probably would not have watched this movie at all . Wow I 'm so glad I did . I am amazed that this movie did n't receive the credit and better reviews that it did . Jessica Biel 's Character/Part was outstanding , and she definetly showed us another side of her acting abilities , not another comedy or action film . First of all what made this film so unique was that it was n't another re-make or another catchy action/drama flick that we 've all seen before . I love the way this film was layed out , the design and scheme of it and of course keeping us intrigued till the very end , the best part ! I certainly do n't wish to give away too much of the movie and spoil it for those who have n't seen it . I gave this movie four stars and believe it is well deserved . For those of you who have n't seen this movie , instead of watching another action/adventure , drama movie tonight ... Please do yourself a favor and watch this movie !
 I rented this movie expecting the typical horror movie based on a local urban legend killer , something akin to Candyman , nothing new , nothing that has n't been overdone , just mindless fun for a Friday night in front of the tv.What I got was something very different . This is not a horror movie . The fact that it is billed and marketed as one , may be part of what causes some disappointment for some viewers . This is more a crime drama . If you watch this movie with that in kind , you may be able to remain more open to it and appreciate the fact that it is more thought provoking and has more depth than a typical serial killer movie normally has.There are a lot of twist , turns and misdirects aimed at getting the viewer to think they know where the story is going , only to find it suddenly veer off into a different direction.I think the movie could have gone just a bit longer and spent a little more time on some character background and maybe filled some explanation for a couple of things that seemed a bit implausible .
 This film is very obscure , and to finally see it in widescreena and great print quality just adds to the bonus . I ca n't agree with the other reviewer . Unlike most Japanese creature features , which were aimed totally at kids , this film is a serious attempt at adult themes , with some great action and firey explosions . I did n't find it bizarre or esoteric at all , unlike some film critics have noted . It reminds me a little of some of the other adult oriented Japanese sci-fi , such as Dagora , Secret of the Telegian , H-Man , and Mushroom People . As with some of the Amazon downloads , the motion is a little jerky , so anyone interested in a `` hard copy '' should get it from Sinister direct .
 This Russian road movie finds a father and 11-year-old son traveling hundreds of miles on foot from Moscow to a village on the Black Sea . The pace is slow and hypnotic ; the situation is unpromising . They are out of money and the season is turning gradually toward winter . The storyline itself is elliptical and relies little if it at all on exposition . We simply watch as the two trudge onward , under leaden skies and across rain-swept distances , depending on the kindness of strangers . The boy , worldly wise beyond his years and distrusting his father , dreams of flight and wind sailing . He has a mysterious sort of second sight that permits him to see himself and his surroundings from high above . Meanwhile , earthbound , the camera follows the two of them across endless sodden , forlorn landscapes.The people they meet along the way are often little better off than they are , living in a kind of defeated ennui , making do , getting by , lonely , and often sustained by alcohol . One man offers them shelter and a roofing job on a house that seems to be abandoned and falling down . When a more generous householder makes the boy even more impatient to reach their destination , the father 's unwillingness to press on precipitates a final crisis . Finally , the movie is a long , melancholy but lyrically told story , with fine performances , about life journeys and the contrast between youthful dreams and desperate realities .
 A father and his 11 year old son embark on a journey across Russia to reach Koktebel , the Ukrainian seaside town . With no money they hop on trains and rely on ` kindness of strangers ' , who at times are not that kind at all.Through a series of unexpected events , we see how their relationship if affected by quite often the opposite stands they take , but at the same time the support and warmth they have for each other.This is a very emotional journey in the depth of family bonds and self-discovery . Gleb Puskepalis -LRB- son of Sergei Puskepalis , star of Popogrebsky 's later film Simple Things and Zvyagintsev 's The Banishment -RRB- is excellent and very moving in his role of the son .
 It 's too bad the other reviewers could n't enjoy this film . The whole idea of a ` road movie ' is that the characters encounter different things and different people along the way and these things and people make an impression . The story - and there actually is one - is that the boy does n't want to go in the beginning but when he realizes the significance of the journey , is compelled to finish it on his own .
 I agree that the pace was slow , but the story was very well drawn out for viewers . I look for films like this because , again , it was more about the disturbing -LRB- and somewhat depressing -RRB- story than ` the stuff that happens between the special FX ' . Hollywood does n't seem to make cool movies like this anymore -LRB- Except for `` The Road '' -RRB- This was n't the best film I 've seen , but it was a welcome ` Change of pace ' film , who 's style seems to be disappearing . At least in the US.Spasibo and Do SvidaniyaJSIf anyone is interested , see if you can find -LRB- and watch -RRB- `` Lilya 4-Ever '' -LRB- or , depending where you look , `` Lilja 4-Ever '' -RRB- w / Oksana Akinshina ... it 's a ` sad ... but very real ' story
 It is amusing to read the 1 - and 2-star review of this film - I wonder what these reviewers were expecting ? This is a movie with a slow , reflective pace , but not extremely so . But having endured through Bela Tarr 's 7 hour magnum opus Satantango recently , I guess I am more than sufficiently conditioned!Anyway , in spite of the generally meditative pace of the movie , there is a lot of latent tension between the main characters , and I find it managed to maintain dramatic tension even during scenes like the laundry scene ridiculed by another reviewer.A more well-known movie with a similar theme is &#34; The Road &#34; with Viggo Mortensen . If you liked that one , definitely give &#34; Roads to Koktebel &#34; a try .
 `` Roads to Koktebel '' is a film for the patient . It unfolds meticulously and slowly . After the opening titles , we focus on a drainage ditch underneath a road . We see a car go by . It rains . A dog comes and barks . Finally , our two main characters emerge and slowly pack up their meager belongings . About two minutes pass on the opening shot from the same camera angle . The scene shifts . We see the boy on a train . A long shot reveals the father asleep and the son staring out at the countryside passing . This takes about a minute and a half . This is a film that creates a compelling cinematic experience in a style the polar opposite of our stateside cinema.Boris Khlebnikov has subsequently directed `` Free Floating '' in which Evgenii Sytyi who plays the railway inspector in `` Koktebel '' also has a part . His partner in direction and writing is Aleksei Popogrebsky who has since done a film with the English title `` Simple Things . '' They are not in a hurry , which allows the subtleties of the experience to show . The Russian dialogue is sparse for those wary of subtitles.Gleb Puskepalis plays the son . He does an excellent job . In a tightly controlled performance , the boy shows us his dependence on his father , his need for independence , his growing into manhood as he bravely takes off without his father , and his childhood self as he breaks down and cries . Aleksandr Ilyin who has been in over 30 films since 1960 plays a truck driver who transports the son to Koktebel and the Black Sea.Igor Csernyevics who has done 10 films including `` Junk '' and `` Guys from Mars '' -LRB- English titles -RRB- also does a good job as the father . We see emotional levels peeled away . At first he is the down and out dad out of work and forced to travel to his sister 's apartment in Crimea . The he stops at the home of Mikhail played by Vladimir Kucherenko to earn some money by repairing a roof . We discover the father 's alcohol problem . Events take him to a nurse Kseniya -LRB- or Xenia in translation -RRB- played by Agrippina Steklova . We see the father 's growing attachment to her as she nurses him back to health . The son discovers his father 's relationship as he sees his dad 's boxer shorts draped on a chair in Xenia 's bedroom one night as he heads to go to the bathroom . Csernyevics obviously loves his son , but has manly needs that the death of his wife created . The final wordless frames bring the relationship full circle.Being a viewer from the USA , I have to admit that while watching this DVD , it seemed tedious to me . I did come to appreciate the subtle performances as the relationship between father and son developed . The DVD has an animated short called The Box Man that won awards . This is an interesting film for those prepared to slow down and take a break . The countryside is beautiful . Enjoy !
 Great 80 's flick to add to my 80 's movie collection . My daughter is 19 years old and loves all the 80 's movies , says she wishes she was a teen in that era .
 love rob and andrew being the best of all time friends . they are beautiful together . and of course muddy ! love them both congrats !
 WOW ! I remember first seeing this movie back in the 80 's . I really bought this for Secret Admirer , but Class was a good movie too .
 This purchase was great in every way ! Both movies are just fantastic and hilarious . The delivery was super fast and the dvd is in perfect new condition . Very pleased and the price is just ridiculously great !
 I have always loved the movie Secret Admirer and I wanted to have my own copy . It is a fun movie about an unsigned love letter making its way through an unsuspecting neighborhood with some unexpected responses . It is a coming of age movie for C. Thomas Howell as Michael and Lori Loughlin , as Toni . Lots of fun and surprises .
 some of the greatest teen movies of the 80s . a must-see for you 80s movie lovers .
 I liked these movies when they came out and still enjoyed them just as much . I really just wanted `` Secret Admirer '' , ca n't find it to rent so . . I had to buy it .
 Class was a very good story with actors that have gone on to have amazing careers . Secret Admirer is more your typical teen 80 's movie but still entertaining .
 `` Garage Days '' is a comedy from director Alex Proyas made in between `` Dark City '' and `` I , Robot , '' that asks the musical question , `` What if you finally got your big break and you just plain sucked ? '' The setting is Sydney , Australia , or more specifically the suburb of Newton , although that fact is probably lost on anybody who does not live Down Under . Freddy -LRB- Kick Gurry -RRB- is the lead singer of a band , the name of which I do not think we ever get to hear , which makes sense because we never really get to hear their music that much either . This is because the band has trouble getting a gig.Besides Freddy the band consists of Joe -LRB- Brett Siller -RRB- on lead guitar , Tanya -LRB- Pia Miranda -RRB- on bass , and Lucy -LRB- Chris Sadrinna -RRB- on drums . Bruno -LRB- Russell Dykstra -RRB- is the less than competent manager and Kate -LRB- Maya Stange -RRB- is Joe 's girlfriend and apparentlty the group 's sole groupie . What becomes key here is not the group 's music -LRB- they play `` rock '' -RRB- but the fact that they are about to go through the whole `` Rumours '' phase of Fleetwood Mac , but without the hit album . Freddy and Tanya are living together , but when Joe ignores Kate to run off on his own a conversation sparks a kiss between Freddy and Kate . The next thing we know Joe is trying to rip Freddy 's head off , Tanya has moved out , Karen discovers she is pregnant with Joe 's child , Lucy continues his question to find the perfect `` 10 '' in terms of pharmacological high , and I can still hear you saying that you will never break , never break , the chain.Freddy and the band need a break , and they might have found one with Shad Kern -LRB- Marton Csokas -RRB- , who is a big shot in the music industry -LRB- or at least he acts like one -RRB- . The band just needs a break , one opportunity to play their music for a crowd and change their destinies . They are about at the point of giving up on the dream , but as Kate points out to Freddy , a dream only becomes something stupid when you stop believing in it and while the notion of having a date with destiny drives the film , it eventually dawns on Freddy that he is dreaming about more than being a rock star . After all , there is the example of former Seventies rocker , Kevin -LRB- Andy Anderson -RRB- , who is as much a cautionary tale as he is an indirect glimpse at the glory days possible as a rock star.Although the fact that Joe is deeply troubled in a way that goes beyond what the band members experience when Lucy gives them a bit of ecstasy to help mellow them out , this is essentially a feel good comedy . You will get the best sense of this during the final credits when the cast taken their curtain calls dancing to the Tom Jones hit `` Help Yourself . '' Maybe the good feeling I picked up on is more than is actually justified by the comedy , but Freddy is a decent bloke and the story is not exactly following the familiar formula of a musical rags-to-riches story , which also helps . A happy ending is a safe assumption , but what it might take is not a foregone conclusion . Proyas spices up the story with some cute tricks and the result is that `` Garage Days '' is a fun little movie without aspirations to be much more .
 Though I have not yet seen the DVD or VHS versions of the movie , I was lucky enough to see it in theatres while in Australia , October of 2002 . The Aussie culture shines brilliantly in this film , leaving nothing out . . not even `` pokies '' . There are moments during the movie where I laughed almost hysterically . The acting is great , hilarious lines and characters that could easily be my friends . DO NOT MISS THIS MOVIE
 In the tradition of `` Airheads '' and `` That Thing You Do '' comes this against-genre film from the director of the dark fantasy adaptation of `` The Crow '' and sci-fi classic `` Dark City '' -LRB- as well as this summer 's would-be box office hit `` I , Robot '' -RRB- Alex Proyas . It 's another in a line of interestingly quirky Australian movies -LRB- and in fact not terribly dissimilar from the late Michael Hutchence 's acting debut `` Dogs In Space '' , though certainly far more light-hearted -RRB- that adds to that nation 's reputation as a producer of fine cinema that pound-for-pound can go round-for-round with the heavyweights of the industry in Hollywood without breaking a sweat.The film was obviously a labor of love , and even though the band at the center of the movie was definitely low-fi , the movie itself was shot using first-class editing and production values . The scenes of introspection when characters are given to voiceover monologue are particularly effective , to say nothing of the `` Fun With Drugs '' sequences . And even though there is a shortage of original music -LRB- how do you go about writing a song that you DO N'T want to sound good ? -RRB- , the music used on the soundtrack itself is a terrific sampling of classic rock and alternative music that have been genre standards for ages , used to good effect -LRB- especially AC/DC and the Cure -RRB- . The actors are certain to be unknown to most American audiences , and not all characters are developed as evenly as they should be -LRB- this is particularly true of the band 's bassist Tanya , who starts out as the frontman 's girlfriend and then almost disappears from the plot entirely , instead being relegated to a position player ; the fact that the characters are introduced at the beginning of the movie by the instrument they play in the band rather than their respective character names is not likely an accident -RRB- . It is true that all of the classic rock - & - roll lifestyle cliche 's are represented ; there are problems with relationships , problems with drugs , and even problems with maintaining a grip on reality . There are sleazy managers , sexually manipulative diva wanna-bes , and has-beens who just do n't know when to cut the mullet and get a real job . We 've seen these issues play out across the pages of Billboard and Rolling Stone magazines with megaplatinum acts like the Beatles , Fleetwood Mac , Pink Floyd , and of course the Rolling Stones . This is a movie that is dedicated to all the bands -LRB- a few of which I have been a member of -RRB- that never made it far enough to implode in such public surroundings.As the case of the DVD asks
 I totally bought this movie just because Chris Sadrinna was so hot as a punk rocker !
 Having been in many bands I could easily identify with the group this film centers around . The film is quickly paced and pretty engaging , but I did find it a little uneven in tone at times . I do n't want to give anything away , but I am rarely surprised when watching a film and this film does drop a bomb or two that I was n't expecting.It 's a fun film with some insight on the rough road of `` Rock 'N' Roll '' . It 's no joke and even though I have had moderate success in the business , it 's not easy being in a band no matter how successful you are ! An interesting soundtrack and an honest look at band life even if it is pretty light at times , it does have it 's dark moments .
 If you liked TRAINSPOTTING and SLC PUNK you 'll like GARAGE DAYS . Also has elements of REQUIEM FOR A DREAM and SALTON SEA . `` You do n't have to be a rock star to feel like one '' is the saying for this group who have the drive but is Australia ready for them ? With the growing trend of pretty boy djs live music has become the sign of the past.There are valuable lessons to be learned : FUN WITH DRUGS PART 1The visual and physical effects of taking drugs . Create a world of your own if the world around you sucks!FUN WITH DRUGS PART 2Here 's to bleeding your parents dry . Drug taking at its best when you invite your parents over for dinner . Heads will burn ! Then ask them for money.Then there 's the sexual interaction among the 4 group members . Freddy and Tanya are an item but Freddy loves Kate who 's involved with Joe Papa who 's not faithful to her . But when Joe Papa realizes his loyality towards Kate he creates a fruity baby by the name of Millie Melon -LRB- an actual melon -RRB- caring for it as if a real baby . Is this confusing yet ? Well , Tanya never was satisfied with Freddy to begin with and ends up with Lucy who has the most bizzare sexual habits to tickle her fancy . The group gets a real break when Freddy finds the wallet of a successful band promotor . Do they have what it takes ? Watch GARAGE DAYS and find out for yourself .
 You know the story of the band that has everything against it , but manages - through determination , luck , camradery and musical skill - to break into the big time and then lives happily ever after?This is that story except the band has no musical skill.Garage Days is the story of five friends who come to learn that their love of music transcends making a living as a band or even being very good at playing . What they do succeed at is finding out what it means to have friends and lovers and that relationships that will last a lifetime can come upon you at the most strange times and circumstances ... and often with the person you least suspect.The film has the humorous rough edge found in many Australian productions , an earthy good-humour driven as much by the culture as the screenplay . The cast of relative newcomers are convincing in their roles , even if the characterizations are a bit thin.Sit back and enjoy the humour and joyfullness of this well-made film .
 I saw this film well over a year ago at the Sundance Film Festival . It was very funny and often visually stunning . Proyas brings his intense and imaginative style to a simple romantic comedy about a garage band , resulting in a unique experience . The romantic aspect is not very strong , but I still give the film 5 stars -LRB- rounding up from 4.5 -RRB- . I plan to buy the DVD when it is released ...
 Plot
 This movie falls in as one of the top in the sex , drugs , and rock and roll genre . In the tradition of movies such as Velvet Goldmine or Go , this movie is a fun and often times hilarious ride perfect for those drunken get-togethers with friends . The characters are very likeable . The lead singer is hopelessly in love with a girl pregnant with his schizophrenic friend 's baby . The bassist is a strong female in search of a good orgasm . The drummer is a pharmacy-robbing druggy in search of a perfect high , and the guitarist is the schizophrenic . All in all , these are all people I 'd want to hang out with on a Saturday night . This movie is beautifully acted , well directed , and well written . It 's a shame that it did n't get the attention it deserved when out in theatres . I 'd highly recommend this movie in every regard .
 I 've seen Donal Logue in a number of things -LRB- I first saw him in the mid 90 's on MTV as a greasy cab driver -RRB- , most notably the first Blade -LRB- 1998 -RRB- film and the TV show ` Grounded for Life ' -LRB- which is actually pretty good , although I 'm unsure if it is still on the air -RRB- , and he 's always been a hefty fellow , but seeing him in The Tao of Steve -LRB- 2000 -RRB- set me back a little as it looked like he really packed on the weight , complete with distended gut and all . Was it for the film ? Or just perhaps something due to his particular lifestyle at the time ? I do n't know , and I suppose it does n't really matter , but what I do know is I liked this film , even if his character was n't particularly likeable . Co-written by Duncan North , Greer Goodman -LRB- who also has a starring role -RRB- , and Jenniphr Goodman -LRB- who is also the director -RRB- , the film stars , as I already mentioned , Donal Logue and Greer Goodman . Also appearing is James ` Kimo ' Wills -LRB- Buffalo Soldiers -RRB- , Ayelet Kaznelson -LRB- Four Lane Highway -RRB- , and David Aaron Baker -LRB- Kissing Jessica Stein -RRB- . First off I think it 's important to mention there is no character in this film named ` Steve ' . The main character is named Dex , and played by Logue . Dex is an overweight , educated , intelligent , philosophizing , unattractive , part-time working lump of a human being with seemingly little ambition other than to get into women 's pants . To this regard , he has developed what he calls the ` Tao of Steve ' , which consists of three main aspects when it comes to dealing with women . As far as the ` Steve ' part , that relates to the ` coolness ' exhibited by popular cultural icons that are named Steve , like Steve McQueen , Steve Austin -LRB- The Six Million Dollar Man -RRB- , and Steve McGarrett , from the Hawaii 5-0 TV show ... in other words , the epitome of coolness , for some at least ... anyway , back to the three main aspects ... the first is to eliminate all desire , especially for those who do n't have the physical attributes of say , an Adonis ... this entails not letting a woman know how much you want to nail her . Apparently women can smell desperation , but if you show no interest in her , she may begin to wonder , being that she is really hot and way out of your league , why do n't you want her ? All women have insecurities , and this seems a roundabout way to capitalize on them ... the 2nd aspect , once you 've eliminated desire , is to be excellent ... not in general , but do something in front of the woman you want to get with to show her you have a quality worthy of her giving ` it ' up . The 3rd and final aspect is to retreat ... meaning , once you 've hooked her , back off and let her come to you . This gives her the assumption that she has the power and is dictating when the time for the horizontal shimmy is appropriate . Using this simple philosophy , along with a whole lot of BS , Dex is able to score much more regularly despite his slovenly physical nature would normally allow for ... and this is working well until he meets Syd -LRB- Goodman -RRB- , a woman Dex begins to see as real , flesh and blood individual rather than just another possible conquest.Okay , the character of Dex is n't particularly likeable to most of us , given his manipulative nature and seemingly superficial views on women and relationships in general , but he 's still fun to watch . There is an underlying theme throughout of Dex utilizing the inherent complexities -LRB- and insecurities -RRB- of women in order to bed them , which is dealt with under the justification that since Dex is not , or will never be , a pretty boy , he must find some other tactics to achieve his goals . I do n't think there are many of us who have n't employed any one of his theories at one time or another , the difference being Dex just happens to have developed and refined them to the point of actually being a workable system . Most important is how it is applied to the particular individual -LRB- in this case Dex -RRB- , and that individual having an understanding of his own capabilities and/or limitations . The story is really nothing new , a somewhat slick BS artist set in his ways coming up against someone who draws forth feelings and desires that go further than what he is accustom to , and subsequently has difficulty in dealing with the revelation of his true , core being , that of someone who actually may be human , but the way the story is told is a little different than what I was used to ... there 's a realistic element involved , in that Logue is n't a Robert Downey Hollywood sort -LRB- Downey has done a number of roles like this -RRB- , and the catalyst in the character of Syd is certainly beautiful , but not necessarily unobtainable . She 's also intelligent enough to perceive a certain amount of BS when presented to her , and Dex realizes this very soon after he delivers his standard attempts , to which he quickly admits thus to Syd , perhaps in an effort to say , ` Yes , I am a despicable fellow , but not so much with you as you 're so different than any of those I 've encountered before . ' Dex does n't really come off as an endearing sort throughout the film , but we do see sort of an ` awakening ' , a self realization that life is not a series of simplistic encounters and a serious , complex relationship is something worth having and maintaining . Did I mention this is a comedy ? Because it sounds , from my review , I am making this out to be something other than it is ... overall I think this is a film comprised of a couple of different levels , one that works as a comedy , but also features the underlying aspects I mentioned above , both of which come together nicely at the end.The anamorphic widescreen -LRB- 1.85:1 -RRB- picture on this DVD comes through nicely , as does the Dolby Digital 2.0 Stereo . Special features include a commentary track from director Jenniphr Goodman , actress Greer Goodman , actor Donal Logue , and writer Duncan North , along with talent files and trailers for other films Logue has appeared in , including Jerry McGuire -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , The Patriot -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , and this film.Cookieman108
 But this movie certainly was n't . A huge hit at last year 's Sundance Festival , Tao of Steve totally lived up to the hype . The script is very funny and well-written -- dialogues are a bit Kevin Smith-esque , but more genuine and less over-the-top . Jokes work because the actors do n't sound like they are just reading their lines . Interesting note
 This is one of the best , smartest movies I 've ever seen . I 've lent it to all my friends and everyone of them has fallen in love with it . I think it catches so much of the dynamic of that late twenties to mid-thirties single crowd . College is over , sure the same tricks work on college girls and unhappy housewives but you 've got to grow up eventually.Such is the story of Dex and Sid . Dex can still reel in the college girls , but come on that 's like shooting fish in a barrel . That smart 30 something is a different story . I 'm not going to spoil anything here just check it out for yourself.Some reviewers seem to think it was a movie about frisbee golf , I guess if you did n't get it then the movie was way to smart for you . Who cares how Dex threw the frisbee Stu , Rocky had terrible form in the ring and Mojo did n't play for the Texas State title in 88 . Get over it , pretend for a minute you 're an adult and try to understand the story.Anyway , I think you 'd be a fool not to watch this movie . In fact buy the movie , buy the soundtrack , embrace the Tao of Steve . If for no other reason than it 's the only movie I 've ever seen that uses the word solipsistic . Might be hard for a Frisbee Freak to figure out but I 'm sure all the grown-ups can kick back and enjoy .
 From the outside , Dex is large , messy , and almost totally unmotivated -LRB- he does teach pre-school part-time -RRB- , yet because of his undeniable cuteness and completely perfected Taoism on Sex and Relationships , he is ** completely irresistible ** to women . Well , to all the women in the world , except one . Guess Who he falls in love with!The opening credits of ThE TAO oF STeVE are displayed against the spines of philosophy books on a bookshelf , a reference to the many philosophies which have been honed and perfected by Dex , in his quest to become the most irresistible guy possible . His philosophies , culminating in ` The Tao of Steve , ' -LRB- based on the belief that every `` truly cool guy '' in the world has been named Steve , most notably Steve McQueen -RRB- which instructs its ` disciples ' -LRB- a couple of Dex 's friends who follow Dex 's thoughts mainly because he is so damn successful with the ladies , they all agree he must be doing something right !! -RRB- to follow three golden rules , basically The Rules but for Men . And the prize is n't marriage and a mortgage , it 's Sex . I think the main rule was `` We pursue that ... which retreats from us . '' He will say that , do some cute mannerism , then say something like , `` Think about it . '' Hilarious.The first major scene reveals Dex at his best , and , as we 'll see , his worst . He 's having hot , stand-up sex against a row of library books ... . but it 's with his friend 's wife ! -LRB- they are having an affair -RRB- . As the scene pans out , we see that this is taking place during a college reunion while the rest of his friends are outside in the courtyard , milling about , drinks in hand , sun beating down . And we see that there 's a girl out there , playing the drums , temporarily unaware of Dex and his current , er , activity . And we 'll come to find out that , given a bit of time , and a few tugs on Dex 's heart-strings , this not completely unfamiliar woman has got a thing or two to teach our hero ... that no book or self-obsessed philosophy could ever accomplish !! It 's all uphill from there ... . well , you 'll see . He might have a chance at True Love !! A lot of the comic force of the movie comes from this look into our habits , and the Garfield-esque slouch which has resulted from Dex having so many bad ones . He 's a smart guy , and he does have a conscience -- he knows what he should or should n't do ... he just ca n't help himself , and he has no motivation to change . If anything , all these adoring women and fun times have pushed him in the other direction . That is , until he meets Syd , the drummer-girl with the looks , the brains , and the attitude to stop 10 Dex 's dead in their tracks . This woman will NOT be played , and she wo n't settle for a guy whose habits involve eating whipped cream straight from the can -LRB- and sharing some with the dog -LRB- ! -RRB- -RRB- , being habitually late to everything , flirting incessantly with anything in a skirt , and , especially , sleeping with the wife of one of his best friends.So ... will true love prevail , and give our Dex the kick in the pants he needs to change his life ? To go for the girl , and not just the chase ?? Watch this fabulous movie , and see for yourself ! -LRB- Hint , what 's missing in predictability and plot is SO MUCH MORE THAN MADE UP FOR by the natural , glowing presence of the actors , and the amazingly funny dialogue . The director deserves much praise for her ability to create a realistic atmosphere and a warm , familiar mood among her actors . Top notch independent film material , this one . -RRB- This is one of the funniest , smartest , natural , giddy , hilarious , classic films I have ever seen ! There are so many good lines , I ca n't even stand it . It was filmed in New Mexico -LRB- Santa Fe -RRB- , and as such the mood is warm , sunny , and light , complete with sunny interiors , patio parties , motorcycles , and desert scenes . At the Seattle International Film Festival , this film had people rolling in the aisles laughing . Rent it , Buy it , whatever ... just SEE THIS MOVIE !! You might recognize its rising star , the cutest red-haired round guy I 've ever seen , Donal Logue , from his new Fox sitcom , `` Grounded For Life . '' In my opinion , his skills are somewhat wasted in that series , but no matter , I 'm sure we 'll be seeing more and more of him as time goes on . Enjoy !
 This film was obviously made by recent liberal arts graduates
 I fully agree with another reviewer that , due to low budget , what would make an independent film enjoyable if not the basics
 A running time of under 90 minutes is perfect for this new take on the oft-played slacker meets love theme . Dex 's Tao , stripped of its multi-cultural philosophical trappings , is simple -- do n't look interested and when they fall do n't get involved . It is also , of course , bullbleep , which he naturally realizes just before the final credits roll . In other words , nothing new or particularly surprising emerges as we watch the developing romance of Dex and Syd . But , to throw my own philosophical shaggy dog into the mix , it is the journey not the end that matters and The Tao of Steve gives a good journey for your time . The dialogue is sharp , fast , and intelligent . Real people do talk like this . For example , when Dex and Syd have to commute together because Dex 's motorcycle gives up the ghost , Syd puts together a spreadsheet of their not too congruent schedules and Dex quips , `` How Marcia Brady of you . '' The Goodmans capture Dex 's household of slacker buddies and their life style perfectly . Here I particularly liked the periodic trips to the roof to retrieve errant frisbees . The views of the Santa Fe area , most often shot as distant backdrops to ongoing scenes , are spectacular . Most important , perhaps , this movie is smart enough , unlike many other of the slacker genre -LRB- e.g. practically anything with Ethan Hawke or Christian Slater -RRB- not to take itself too seriously or claim to be more than what it is -- an fast-moving and witty entertainment .
 Before I begin , I should probably acknowledge that all that I understand about women , dating , relationships between men and women , and sex in general can comfortably be written on the the headof a pin with room left over for a whole passel of angels to dance upon . So my comments on a filmwhose main concern is the `` Merry War '' -LRB- Orwell 's felicitous phrase -RRB- between men and women shouldbe taken with an even larger grain of salt than usual.At any rate , in a film which sisters Jenniphr and Greer Goodman based on a friend -LRB- co-writer DuncanNorth -RRB- , Donal Logue plays a slovenly , bong loving , philosophy major , who , now ten years out ofcollege , is a kindergarten-teaching sybarite , whose improbable continued success at bedding women , including a friend 's wife , makes him the philosopher king of his group of housemates and hangers-on . As such he expounds upon his method for hooking up with babes , a series of shallow , though amusing , maxims that he 's dressed up as `` The Tao of Steve '' . Named for a group of ultracool guys from the70s -- Steve McGarrett -LRB- of Hawaii Five-O -RRB- , Steve Austin -LRB- The Six Million Dollar Man -RRB- , and theultimate Steve , Steve McQueen -- the Tao boils down to three rules to follow when pursuing women : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Eliminate your desire . -LRB- Which basically suggests that you pretend you are n't trying to getyour hood waxed . -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- Do something excellent in your target 's presence . -LRB- Typically this might include playing poolin a barroom setting , but in Dex 's case consists of showing off intellectually and being goodwith the kids he teaches . -RRB- -LRB- 3 -RRB- and , Retreat . -LRB- Prior generations would have called this `` playing hard to get . '' -RRB- God only knows , if even he does , what makes certain men successful with women , but one thing isreasonably certain
 Men and women and the romantic things that happen between them is often the topic of movies , but they do n't usually contain references to Lao Tzu , Heidegger , and Groucho Marx . Donal Logue plays overweight kindergarten teacher Dex who possesses some incredibly unique views on dating . His philosophy or `` Tao '' is that of `` Steve '' . He operates under the belief that the coolest men in our culture have been named Steve , the pinnacle of them being Steve McQueen . Sound crazy ? It is . TAO OF STEVE has those characteristics that make movies like Swingers and Mallrats so appealing . It takes a look at dating and sex in a way you may not have heard before . It 's funny and intelligent and a great first attempt at a feature film for newcomer Jenniphr Goodman . A refreshing , intellectual , romantic-comedy in the middle of low-brow humor like American Pie . Take a chance , you wo n't be dissapointed .
 I saw this movie years ago , and somehow it sticks with me . I do agree with the critical reviewers ; the `` hero '' as such , has little to redeem him or the movie . That said , I like it . The lead is charming and I want to see him redeemed . I know quite a few `` float along '' kind of guys and girls ... long past college , with no driving force . This guy is representative in his way . If you do not have expectations that are too high , the film is small , quirky and a bit charming . Enjoy .
 Donal Logue -LRB- Sean Finnerty of Grounded For Life -RRB- plays a heavyweight ladies man who is well read in the classics particularly eastern philosophy which he uses to rationalize his lifestyle . He and his friends divide the world into Steve 's -LRB- the cool guys -RRB- and Stu 's -LRB- the gomers -RRB- and have some witty exchanges around this.Logue 's character lives a stoner existence and is having an affair with a friend 's wife until he inevitably meets the woman who changes his perspective and he falls in love.This is a very entertaining romantic comedy with several engaging characters and it is beautifully filmed in the Santa Fe area.Logue is believably shallow but still likeable in the lead role .
 This movie is great . It brings us a lot of memories about who we were and how stupid we were when young . It 's one of those independent movies that never had a lot of fuss about it , but it 's an awesome movie to have it and share with someone special . It 's a movie that lifts up your spirits and makes you feel good after whatching it .
 Dex is an obese thirty-two year old who has figured out how to `` get '' women . Lots of them . How ? He emulates his heroes , all Steves
 I cant believe how much i love this movie . Any guy who wants to pick up chicks has to see this movie . I gaurentee that theses methods really do work . The funniest thing about this movie was the fact that it was so true . My girlfriend was in awe because of truth of the matter . throguh this movie i feel i understand womens labidos to an extent
 After seeing this movie , my eyes have been opened . I loved this movie . Everyone who said it sucked is lying and deserves a kick ... . This movie was nothing that I have n't seen before , but it was the delivery . Donal Logue -LRB- Dex -RRB- was amazing . From the moment he was on the screen till the end , I was cracking up . I thought it was beautifully written and although shot on a filmmaker 's budget , it was still a great movie . It was one of those films that you watch when you 've seen everything else - a breath of fresh air . Rent it , you 'll love it . Remember , be a Steve , not a Stew .
 This movie was one of the most honest , accurate portrayals of how to play the dating `` game '' I have ever seen . I liked it so much I bought it for my 15 year old son to give him pointers . Ignore the tacked on Hollywood ending .
 `` The Tao of STeve '' is a comedy in which , Dex -LRB- not STeve , so who is steve ? -RRB- , played by the hilarious Donal Logue -LRB- That taxi driver guy that used to be on MTV -RRB- . He certainly does n't fit the `` romantic lead '' like Richard Gere , but he does stand out . He 's the type of guy us normal women would date seeing as Richard Gere would just be way out of our league . The title of the movie is based on the way Dex `` gets '' women to go for him , and `` Steve '' is for all the cool Steves , the coolest being STeve McQueen . He 's trying to be cool , trying not to let these women know his ulterior motives or motive . This movie was very entertaining . Despite The brooklyn reviewer 's opinion , I thought the movie was well written . It was like listening to any guy talk of his ways to get women whether it involves isms ' or not . If you are looking for a modern day comedy , this is a good choice . It certainly worth the rental fee .
 This has got to be the best movie nobody has heard about . Dex and his friends have perfected what they call the `` Tao of Steve '' as a way of winning over one-night stands . They define every male basically as belonging to one of two categories :1 . Steve . These are the guys you emulate by showing up , being excellent in a girl 's presence , and getting the heck out . The way Dex describes it to one of his friends , men can only wait five minutes before hitting on a woman . Women , on the other hand , can wait ten minutes . So Steves wait it out so they become the chased , rather than chasing women and looking like fools .2 . Stu . These are the fools . They come on way too strong to women . The only way they see action is through pressing a woman into it . No glory here . Dex names people like Gomer Pile as a-list Stus.The movie then shows how although Dex 's rules are awesome for the single guy on the prowl , the -LSB- ... -RSB- games do n't work when you want to be honest and true to a girl you really care about . Dex pleasently breaks all of his own rules and looks noble doing it!The icing on this movie is that it is so incredibly true . If I were five years younger when I saw this movie , it probably would 've changed my life . It also explains -LRB- somewhat -RRB- to my satisfaction why guys who have a girlfriend/fiancee/wife always seem to get hit on when they go out with their friends . It 's because they do n't give a rip about women , and that perplexes the fairer sex . Watch this movie , then admire your friends who are Steves and laugh at the Stus .
 Great movie about a guy so good at attracting women that he can get away with anything . The protagonist cobbles some eastern philosophy into the ultimate sales technique ; a method of pushing the emotional buttons on women so that they want him . And he is so good at it that the other aspects of his life have been marooned -LRB- careerless , moneyless , overweight , disrespectful , etc. -RRB- It is a cute movie in a genre not known for coming up with something new , but he fortunately or unfortunately goes through an awakening into more of an adult character .
 The Tao of Steve is actually quite well written contrary to what the Brooklyn reviewer opines . This movie presents a nice contrast between the futility of serial sexual relationships and the human joy found in a relationship built on love , one in which the sex is icing on an already-delicious cake . Donal Logue is excellent and Greer Goodman is tres cool . Thumbs up !
 Great Character . Great dialogue . The eternal subjects of conflict
 This is a cerebral romantic comedy , for those of us who like intelligent dialogue and well-crafted stories . You 'll be talking about The Tao of Steve for weeks after you see it . I highly recommend it !
 A love story that surrounds someone that that failed to launch after college . Whether he was the popular guy in philosophy class , the cool know-it-all with too much potential or the campus lady 's man , he did n't seem to live up to his potential and we see him present day living with the consequences . It 's almost a second coming of age story for 30 somethings . I found the Tao of Steve to be witty and funny . The plot was well executed .
 We watched this when it first came out on DVD and thought it was pretty darn funny and surprising - one of those `` let 's just see if it is any good '' movies - and it indeed was - so after all these years I thought it was great enough to buy and want to share with friends . Buy it ! You wo n't be disappointed
 Good movie , puts forth an interesting philosophy . It ultimately proves that love conquers all . I owned the VHS version before I bought this DVD . I think almost anyone will enjoy this movie
 I just love this movie so much ! It 's one to watch over and over ... it 's charm never lessens . Very real life , down to earth , yet fun and mysteriously engaging . BUY IT !!!!
 The main character of this film is not Steve , but Dex -- an overweight , intellectual , thirtysomething single guy with one philosophy in life
 This is one of the funniest romantic comedies ever . It is a more authentic representation of the dynamics between men and women than the typical Hollywood farce . The male protagonist is Dex , an underachieving and overweight guy who lives his life by doing the absolute minimum required to get by . One of the great quotes from the movie is `` Doing stuff is overrated . '' Dex lives his life by three simple rules i.e. the Tao of Steve or Dex 's rules for picking up chicks :1 . Eliminate your desires .2 . Do something excellent in her presence , thereby proving your sexual worthiness .3 . Retreat , for as Heidegger said , `` We pursue that which retreats from us '' . Living with a group of guys they spends there time playing Frisbee golf . And throughout the movie Dex instructs Dave , one of his room mates in his house on how to get sex from a certain girl . The interaction in itself is hilarious because Dex is the all-knowing , almost guru like person , while Dave is a hapless , clueless guy who gets excited just at the thought of being with a girl who likes him.For me the take away from this film is that being ourselves is sometimes not enough . We have to be our best selves . And in fact Taoism allows you to live in the moment - be in the moment and therefore bring out the best in yourself . And ultimately when you are happy with who you are - in love with yourself - love your own life as it is - that is the ultimate reality . To finish of as Lao Tzu said , `` If you desire nothing . You loose nothing . ''
 This is a really great movie that keeps you laughing and gets you thinking . I see from previous reviews that some critics were harsh and I can not understand why . Maybe you have to be in your thirties to really catch the full flavor . Anyway , the characters were believable , the scenery gorgeous and the actors were brilliantly low-key and `` real . ''
 I saw this movie for the second time last night and I was struck by a curious symmetry that totally escaped me the first time . While the core of the movie revolves around the simplistic Taoist rules for getting women employed by the hero , Dex , and their apparent destruction at the hands of `` true love '' with heroine Syd , there is a curious twist that actually reinforces the Tao of Steve.MAJOR SPOILER FOLLOWS ... Consider the actions of Syd . She :1 -RRB- loses her desire for Dex . -LRB- 10 years of loathing after their one night stand took their toll . -RRB- 2 -RRB- shows her excellence in his precense -LRB- playing the drums , remember ? -RRB- and , then after an hour of screen time full of assorted machinations , she :3 -RRB- splits for New York!So the _ real _ message is that the Tao of Steve can not only work for overweight men , but for women as well.In my view these characters had a long way to go before really falling in love and , in many respects , the movie ends just as the real story about that potential love is about to begin .
 One of the great things about an enjoyable independent film is that because of the nature of the beast -LRB- budgetary restraints -RRB- you can usually expect that the things which make the film enjoyable are the basics
 watch the credits carefully , and you 'll see the following `` Based on a story by Duncan North . Based on an idea by Duncan North . Based on Duncan North . '' Perhaps I 'm the first reviewer to notice , but I strongly suspect that this film is biographical . Watching it for the first time with my then girlfriend , I was embarrassed that she should see it until I realized that no connection could be proven between myself and the main character , Dex
 You remember the story of the little engine that could , well here 's a little film that could ... Could just become one of your favorites that is . Now just because it won the hears of those who saw it at The Sundance Film Festival does n't mean it will blow you away . It wo n't . There 's nothing in the film that will take your breath away , there are no special effects , and no big mystery is solved . Seeing this movie will not , I will repeat . will not change you life or cure the common cold , or lead to world peace.This film is a wonderfully witty , smart , clever , funny and warm film about the mysteries of men and women and relationships as seen through the eyes of Dex . Dex , we first meet at his 10th Annual college reunion , was the Don Juan of the campus . He was Elvis . Now , however he 's added 150 pounds , and a large basketball of a stomach to the package . Guess what ? He 's still a pretty busy guy when it comes to women . He 's having an affair with the wife of one of his college chums , he flirts incessantly and he coaches his mostly younger room-mates about how to get lucky using the Tao of Steve . This basically means if you act like you do n't want to get lucky , you probably will get lucky . You never see people like Steve McQueen working too hard to get a women to go to bed with them , do you ? Or as Dex says
 My wife & I limit ourselves to watching this once a year , just like Galaxy Quest . Two fundamentally perfect movies .
 Donal Logue is marvelous as the fat slacker Dex , who has perfected a system for attracting women -LRB- it 's based on obtaining the pefect cool attitude of Steve McQueen . -RRB- He meets up with beautiful Greer Goodman , who resists Dex 's advances because of a secret she 's hiding . Shrewdly written comedy makes Dex a charismatic guy who nevertheless falls victim to his own intelligence -- he outsmarts himself by focusing on the chase , and not the women who are the objects of his pursuit . Goodman is terrific as a woman who at first appears too good to be true but knows more than she lets on . When I saw this at the theater the audience was laughing so hard we missed some of the dialogue . Highly recommended -- it gives hope about the ladies to us guys who are n't exactly George Clooney .
 The main character preaches the importance of `` listening to women without attachment , '' and says that `` that which retreats from us , we pursue . . '' This is applied to women , from a male perspective.Dex tells a friend , that look at me , I 'm just a regular guy , and when I listen to women with this attitude , that they just can not believe that a guy like me is not trying to have sex with them , so therefore , I end up having lots of women and lots of sex ... I will not provide a spoiler , but suffice to say , that the story is told in a very entertaining way , with a great ensemble cast.After I initially rented the movie from Netflix , I purchased it from Amazon so I could pull it out once in awhile for some good laughs , and perhaps for a gentle reminder !
 There is more to this movie than `` indie '' cliches and `` boy gets girl '' . Dex is working straight out of Soren Kierkegaard 's `` Seducer 's Diary ''
 A must see-Donal Logue breathes hilarious and insightful life into this romantic comedy that studies the Tao of being cool and pulling chicks ...
 The Tao of Steve is one of those rare movies that truthfully captures the essense of modern life , or in this case , modern single-guy life . I could tell you every plot detail , every bit of dialog in this film , and I still could n't ruin it . It expresses and confirms many of those common , unspoken things that you knew were there all along . Girls will watch the film in disbelieve , while their boyfriends are quietly taking notes.The title does n't refer to any one character in the movie , but rather the mystique of the quintiessential American Guy -LRB- aka , `` Steve '' -RRB- who is cool and hip and gets all the girls without even trying . Main character Dex is the embodyment of the Tao , as he has many , many beautiful girlfriends despite being rather portly , unkept , and a loser in professional life . Sheer personality and cunning allow Dex to figure out women and win their affection -LRB- or specifically , to have sex with them -RRB- . The film 's plot revolves around his -LRB- successful -RRB- struggle to win one non-responsive girl in particular -LRB- named Syd -RRB- , and also explain to his guy friends how the master gets the job done.The rules of the Tao of Steve are simple yet easily misunderstood , and the film does a great job of fleshing them out into something real and concrete . Dex 's `` conquest '' of Syd is especially fun to watch because it realistically twists and turns throughout the movie , and you 'll appriciate the `` dorky guy '' character who , while watching from the sidelines , asks all the stupid `` what if '' questions you 've ever wanted answered.I was amused that the ending was so obviously sanitized for the ladies . Basically , Dex falls in love and denounces the Tao , thus `` changing '' for his girl and giving us a `` happily-ever-after '' ending ; girls in the audience might be tempted to believe that guys do n't really embrace this womanizing , sexist view of life that basically disempowers them . Sadly , ladies , the Tao is very real and does not go away after true-love . It also reminds me that the film 's core essense can only be understood by guys.Also , this `` clean '' ending is n't really needed , as the men in the film are n't all powerful , and the women are n't weak and clueless . In fact , the movie 's charm comes from its character and contradictions , how Dex sometimes talks too much , how heis sometimes completely transparent , how Syd is herself not a towering temple of womanhood , either . Perhaps the Hollywood ending is there is remind us that a -RRB- the Tao can only get you so far , and b -RRB- there are somethings that the sexes will never understand about each other .
 i acutally love this movie and thsi mightn wo seem helpfull but but i enjoyed workong on thism ove -LRB- i am Roxanne De Mien -- Sarah -RRB- just wokring on this movie hwen i was younger was great . . if you do n't belive who i am just reply to this and i 'll send you pics of me as a kid and now !
 The southwest never looked so green ... and orange in any movie . It makes you want to buy a ticket and leave today . A fun , engaging portrait of a slacker with soul , a heart and some hope for romance . Brings a smile to your face .
 Great moive . Excellent -LRB- not too well known -RRB- cast . Really enjoyable .
 This movie is unheard of which is a shame . Everyone knows the guy that refuses to grow up ... in this case it is Steve . This movie to appreciate requires two viewings , after which time you will fall in love with the movie and tell everyone you know about this unheard gem . This would make a good double feature with the Big Lobowski , which has a similar philosophical outlook on life . As a guy movie I get it 5 stars however if you intend to make this a date night movie be prepared to end up watching alone .
 This movie is what I consider `` one of my friends '' , one I watch or have playing in the background often . It is quirky and romantic . It is just the type of movie graduates of St. John 's College would make , you 'll have to look into that college to see what I mean . One of its two campuses is in Santa Fe , NM . The landscape of Santa Fe is a character in the movie , it is beautiful . Much of the movie has the characters outdoors and you feel like you are there .
 This movie is about ` Steves ' , a 30-something overweight ladie 's man who can talk any woman into having relations with him by using `` The Dao of Steve . '' Unfortunately , the Dao is n't working for the only woman that steve really wants.The Dao of Steve is a fun movie with characters that one can relate to .
 Classic slacker film with a lovable anti-hero ... the still drinkin ' still smokin ' college n'er do well who refuses to grow up ... thus not becoming a totally lame robot , but also avoiding his own personal growth and emotional development at all costs ... throw in a love interest and it 's all bound to come ` round sooner or later ... A nice , feel good film , which rolls by pleasantly enough , has a bit of humour , and a touch of deep philosophy . I liked it ... To Cook is Divine , Italian , Filipino , and Southern-style Vegetarian Recipes from Outside the Box
 A very simple story of a very simple guy who follows his hormones to self-delusion and destruction . He does not make relationships but always keeps women just close enough for his hedonist fulfillment and in the end realizes he is only fooling himself . An admiring friend provides the mirror that helps him see himself as he really is . But can the love of his life ever trust him or has he burned all his bridges too late to recover what really matters ? A good lesson on relationships and the price of a promiscuous life .
 I actually bought this for my brother because he LOVES women and I love philosophy , so there you go . This movie has that 90 's slacker independant feel . It 's pretty simple , yet quite profound - as are most things that are great . I recommend this for anyone with a brother , father , friend -LRB- or yourself -RRB- that thinks dating is all about the conquest and not about the person .
 The Tao of Steve is about as unique a film as you 'll find . In many ways , it is halfway to being a chick flick , but it offers far more than anything found within that hackneyed entertainment genre . The story of Dex , and the way in which a fat , ganja inhaling , going nowhere , loser of a man can be a pickup artist is one both endearing and strangely believable . Although , in actuality , he is a little over the top . I think for him to be a skilled Lothario he would need to be unattractive OR devoid of status , but definitely not both . With those two major strikes against him it is very unlikely that Dex 's Tao , or way , to sexual enlightenment would ever come about . Yet there are a multitude of truths on display within this short celluloid adventure.Do we actually `` pursue that which runs away ? '' Well women certainly seem to . Dex captivates them by saying things like `` Whoa Speed Racer '' when they try to take off his clothes and `` I do n't want to ruin the friendship '' in response to a college girl insinuating they were on a date . For many men though , it 's can not be the same way . Unreciprocated pursuit places you into the poor house or the mental hospital . It 's tough to rationalize spending a fortune on a girl who 's completely disinterested in you . Of course , the movie is not a condensed female psychology seminar . Its plot and characterization are quite strong . The humor in many scenes is exquisite , and watching this schmo pick up babes is a joy . This one 's worth seeing a couple of times just so you catch all the dialogue .
 ... look at the world of dating from the perspective of philosophical man-child Dex . As played by Donald Logue , Dex is a likable slacker who 's used his considerable intelligence to narrow dating down to an art form
 The Tao of Steve is one of those rare movies that truthfully captures the essense of modern life , or in this case , modern single-guy life . I could tell you every plot detail , every bit of dialog in this film , and I still could n't ruin it . It expresses and confirms many of those common , unspoken things that you knew were there all along . Girls will watch the film in disbelieve , while their boyfriends are quietly taking notes.The title does n't refer to any one character in the movie , but rather the mystique of the quintiessential American Guy -LRB- aka , `` Steve '' -RRB- who is cool and hip and gets all the girls without even trying . Main character Dex is the embodyment of the Tao , as he has many , many beautiful girlfriends despite being rather portly , unkept , and a loser in professional life . Sheer personality and cunning allow Dex to figure out women and win their affection -LRB- or specifically , to have sex with them -RRB- . The film 's plot revolves around his -LRB- successful -RRB- struggle to win one non-responsive girl in particular -LRB- named Syd -RRB- , and also explain to his guy friends how the master gets the job done.The rules of the Tao of Steve are simple yet easily misunderstood , and the film does a great job of fleshing them out into something real and concrete . Dex 's `` conquest '' of Syd is especially fun to watch because it realistically twists and turns throughout the movie , and you 'll appriciate the `` dorky guy '' character who , while watching from the sidelines , asks all the stupid `` what if '' questions you 've ever wanted answered.I was amused that the ending was so obviously sanitized for the ladies . Basically , Dex falls in love and denounces the Tao , thus `` changing '' for his girl and giving us a `` happily-ever-after '' ending ; girls in the audience might be tempted to believe that guys do n't really embrace this womanizing , sexist view of life that basically disempowers them . Sadly , ladies , the Tao is very real and does not go away after true-love . It also reminds me that the film 's core essense can only be understood by guys.Also , this `` clean '' ending is n't really needed , as the men in the film are n't all powerful , and the women are n't weak and clueless . In fact , the movie 's charm comes from its character and contradictions , how Dex sometimes talks too much , how heis sometimes completely transparent , how Syd is herself not a towering temple of womanhood , either . Perhaps the Hollywood ending is there is remind us that a -RRB- the Tao can only get you so far , and b -RRB- there are somethings that the sexes will never understand about each other .
 this is the movie which all the ppl should watch it to know why bollywood is one of the best cinemas in the world subhash ji deserve a bow down for this PERFECT movie after i finished watching the movie i had tears in my eyes because this i can not named it as a movie , it 's a miracle , great acting by all the cast , awesome songs , all the scenes shots superbly , I 'm a speechless i can not say anything this movie is superb , minblowing , excellent , fantastic , awesome , outstanding , super duper duper super hit it 's a PERFECT movie what i can say about it i watched a lot of films but a film like this !! hats off to Subhash ji , Jackie ji , Meenaxi ji and all the entire team of my all time favourite movie !!!!
 This was a great rental that I used for a history lesson . Thanks so much for offering such a wide variety of films to choose from . It is so convenient .
 Bette Midler and Helen Hunt get the message across that it 's not easy being a family but it 's always possible no matter the circumstances . Together they put on a really great show , hope to see more of them .
 Others have reviewed the plot and performances far better than I could but I can sum the message of this beautifully complex human filmWE DO N'T LOVE PEOPLE BECAUSE THEY 'RE PERFECT BECAUSE IF WE DID WE 'D HAVE NO ONE TO LOVE . .
 I knew going into this movie it was going to be a ` chick flick ' but I thoroughly enjoyed it anyway . Bette Midler and Helen Hunt were excellent in their roles . Helen Hunt looked WAY too skinny in this movie but she did an excellent job in her leading role . I understand she also directed this movie as well . I found the story line to be very beliveable and heart warming . Anyone who has struggled with the need of having a baby will relate . I 've not had that desire but still found the story heart wrenching . Again , it illuminates the idea that no one is perfect . We all make mistakes and hopefully learn from them . I highly recommend this movie .
 Bette Midler is always good and crazy ! I wo n't spoil the details as there are lots of other reviews that are more in depth . Loved Helen Hunt too . Wish she did more movies . Give this one a try .
 `` Then She Found Me '' was an interesting view of a woman 's life , funny in ways , but very focused on being abandoned by natural mother , adopted mother -LRB- who dies -RRB- , and an immature husband who does not know what he wants . She loses a baby she dearly wants . Helen Hunt plays a deeply religious Jewish , gaunt , New York schoolteacher , who has several life changes smack her in the face as she turns 39 . She is childless and trying to have a baby with a blubbering child-like husband . She feels she is on the brink , pressured to have a natural baby but ca n't . She even goes to her brother for a chance to be a mother - in an embarrassing scene.The changes in her life happen at rapid speed , her husband leaves her , her adoptive mother dies , and a crazy talk show host -LRB- Bette Midler -RRB- shows up and says she is her real mother , and also lies that her real father is Steve McQueen ! Helen Hunt surprised me in a performance free of ego , she looked tired and old , and too thin to boot , but her performance works , and weaves you into this unglamorous life story.Crazy movie but I enjoyed it .
 Others here have well-reviewed the plot . While some compare it to a Lifetime effort , I see it as much more . The screenplay is creative and consistently engaging -LRB- a perspective free of Lifetime 's formulaic , cliche-filled approach -RRB- . Also unlike LIfetime , it does n't exploit tragedy . Rather , the script is fresh and filled with clever humor.The casting is so good that there 's not even a weak minor character in the effort . For starters , Helen Hunt is believable and likable in her haphazard love life and quest to be a mom . She often blurts the truth of a situation , which adds punch to any interaction . The story line honors her struggles by showing her as thin and unglamorous , an approach which respects the audience , in my opinion . Conversely , a disrespectful approach is taken when characters are shown behaving like fools/idiots , along with the embedded message that because these stunted individual are dripping with wealth , the behaviors are `` normal . '' -LRB- As you breeze through evening TV selections this week , note how your awareness of poor behaviors perhaps is blunted by shows of wealth and/or lavish glamor . -RRB- Midler deliciously delights and irritates as the birth mom . I loved every single scene she appeared in . In her brief appearance , the adoptive mom is well-defined as controlling but loving . The brother come across as a quiet ally -- always there when Hunt needs him -LRB- love brothers like that ! -RRB- . Matthew Broderick 's eternal adolescence is so naturally portrayed that -LRB- at one point -RRB- , I had to remind myself that he was playing a role and this was n't his real personality . Colin Firth gives a well-nuanced performance as a devoted dad -LRB- a real stand-up guy -RRB- , who is attracted to the Hunt character.Hunt 's character 's choices were often self-sabotaging , but I cared about her enough to reflect on why she might act like that . -LRB- This means the movie did a good job of fleshing her out , else there 'd be nothing to reflect upon . -RRB- Maybe she started life emotionally ungrounded , due to her mother 's struggles with her for a year before the baby was adopted . Maybe this insecurity expanded when she perceived that her adoptive mother did n't look at her with the same loving eyes as she looked at her birth son . Later , the ground beneath Hunt 's feet quakes even further when a series of significant losses befall Hunt in a stunningly brief period of time.In light of the above , I wondered if Hunt 's character tended to default to choices which reduced her emotional risk -LRB- a form of staying numb -RRB- . As for that numbness , Hunt 's response to a series of losses was -LRB- to me -RRB- glossed over and not true to reality . However , perhaps the intention was to portray Hunt as disconnected from herself.Here 's a message I took from the movie . If life has already dealt some blows , then it 's easy to default to `` known '' pain -LRB- pain you know you can live with -- even if it reaps no happiness -RRB- . It 's frightening to then go beyond that , for the unknown pain of pursuing one 's dreams , but the human spirit keeps nudging for that anyway . The movie points to the necessity of a grounded inner life , combined with the support/help of people who want the best for you . As for defaulting to known pain , it strikes me that it 's like treading water . It offers the illusion that movement is happening , while dulling awareness of zero progression . In adopting this approach , one never actually drowns . Yet , `` not drowning '' does not equate to living life fully . Sorting out these issues became Hunt 's challenge.Nearly every movie has daydream scenes , but there were n't many of them for me in this instance . In particular , I was struck by the scene involving a challenge Midler makes when Hunt -LRB- in hospital garb -RRB- is ready for a procedure . The outcome is surprising and meaningful -LRB- a welcomed counter-point to the light touch of other scenes -RRB- . There , Midler got to signal new depth to her embrace of late in life motherhood . A second memorable scene takes place in Midler 's dressing room , where Hunt -LRB- advised by her brother -RRB- , makes a request . The conviction Hunt brought was bracing -- a welcomed triumph over past efforts of vaguely wobbling towards her goals.Does Hunt ever re-direct enough to make her life work ? Rich with reality doses regarding the messiness of relationships , the movie weaves a believable answer , and is entertaining to boot . I cheerfully recommend it.A final thought
 This was a surprisingly good movie ... . Helen Hunt stars as April , and 39 year old teach whose husband Ben -LRB- played by Matthew Broderick -RRB- eaves her around the time her adoptive mother dies . About the same time her birth mother Bernice -LRB- played by Bette Midler -RRB- finds her , and proceeds to turn her life further upside down . The relationships dominate this movie
 This movie is great ! Helen Hunt and Bette Midler together are a good match . I am a BIG Bette Midler fan and own just about every movie she has been in . I saw this movie on TV and had to own it .
 I would order again form this seller . DVD arrived fast and in good condition .
 Then She Found Me was a unique movie that I appreciated . As an adoptee who has searched for birthfamily I could relate to this story , I appreciated the rawness and realness this story provided . Each character had a story that was heard . I would recommend this movie to anyone with experience and/or is curious about adoption and relationships within it .
 i loved the movie and as always i love colin firth in it . colin issuch a fun actor . the expressions on his face tell it all . but hisbeautiful enlish accent is consuming .
 good move great cast Helen Hunt & Bette Midler as well as Matthew Broderick dealing with real life experince as it is
 Enjoyed the movie . It 's the kind of movie where you like some of the characters and really dislike one of the others .
 A lovely little film featuring 2 of my favorite actors - Bette Midler and Colin Firth . Both were in fine form ! Ms. Midler 's comic timing is impeccable . And if you are a Firth fan - there is much to enjoy here . It 's nice to see Mr. Firth get a chance to move beyond the repressed Englishman -LRB- which he does exceptionally well . -RRB- He seems very relaxed in the role - as if he is having quite a bit of fun -LRB- although I find it hard to believe Ms. Hunt 's character could have ever been `` torn '' between Firth and Matthew Broderick . That was a bit beyond my ability to `` suspend disbelief '' ;-RRB- Salman Rushdie as the gynocologist was an inspired bit of fun ;-RRB- And finally , Ms. Hunt - please eat something . I enjoy your work - but I was visually distracted by the protruding bones.Then She Found Me
 I found this movie at my local library and when I saw the great cast I thought I 'd give it a try . I was pleasantly surprised . It is a quiet movie about characters but the plot had some surprising twists that were very realistic . The acting was the great part . Everyone -LRB- Helen Hunt , Matthew Broderick , Colin Firth , Bette Midler , Alan Shenkmen -RRB- were extraordinary . I really give Bette Midler kudos for not being over the top . She was spot on with her character and a breath of fresh air to watch . I recommend this movie .
 This movie is way above the category of `` entertainment '' though it has some entertaining moments . Without spoiling the story it is about betrayals , both real and imputed , both small and cosmic , and a way to step beyond living in anger , fear , and self doubt . It was written and produced on a minimal budget by Helen Hunt . Her writing and re-writing of the screenplay took nearly ten years . This should not be taken as an indication of Hunt being a poor writer , but quite the reverse . It some ways the screen play was over-written particularly relative to a popular audience . It is a rich example of psychological literature done as a film . It is in essence a version of the Rapunzel story , the adult version not the trite nonsense usually offered to children . Firth plays in effect the blinded Prince . It is one of the very , very few contexts that address the prevalence of the puerella pattern of behavior , beyond the more familiar As Helen described the process in the features she took the lead role , just because it was an easier thing to do than to explain what she wanted from another actor . As an actor and producer and director she does an outstanding job with a difficult story . The richness of the roles performed by both Bette Midler and Colin Firth are also well above average . This film deserves the widest exposure possible . She deserves the resources to direct and produce a much more expansive movie , but will not likely get it due to profitability of entertaining us to death and to stupor . It addresses the rites of passage of both the puer and the puella , and those who embrace the transition and those that hide from it . After watching it I was in a daze thinking about its segments for several days , and then I had to watch it again , and then again . The title has potentially multiple references . Her re-interpretation of the old Jewish teaching story which frames the story is also amazing . This is a rare movie and deserves to be used in social psychology and social problems classes as required viewing . It will also strike you at your core and possibly change your life . I regret that anyone would presume to rate this work as solely a piece of entertainment or visual narcotic . First and foremost it is raw pathos of the highest level . It will make you uncomfortable , and that is a very , good thing .
 I enjoyed both Elinor Lipman 's book and this movie but if you 've just read the book , then do n't watch the movie ! The two are completely separate entities . In some ways , I think the movie makes the story more believable , especially in 2008 . But in other ways , it 's a bit too pat . I do wonder at the choices of making such radical changes to Lipman 's storyline , but Helen Hunt , Bette Midler and Colin Firth make their characters completely real so I guess it worked , at least on one level . And , as Elinor Lipman says in her blog elsewhere on this amazon site , `` Honey , if I do n't mind the changes , why should you ? '' -LRB- lol ! -RRB- Enjoy !
 I must admit that I was reluctant to rent this move , as a black woman I could n't help but think , `` what 's in it for me ? '' with not much else to choose from , I took this movie home and found it lacking in nothing . The acting was superior from top to bottom , the dialog -- let me just say , nothing should be this funny and honest and sad and true , and the outcomes ! This movie falls far away from the familiar , in that , just like life , you do n't get what you 'd hoped for , and people do n't come in neat packages , but you do get all that you need . Helen Hunt , I can only pray that this will NOT be her last directorial excursion . Well done
 I would have called this movie , `` The Importance of Being Helen Hunt . '' When you incorporate everything on the DVD , including the commentary and interviews , I felt like the entire experience of `` Then She Found Me '' was more like watching a documentary on the talented actor , director , and artist . On this basis , I gladly awarded five stars , which I will expain in a minute.Limiting my commentary to just the footage , I would have awarded four stars , taking one away for how things occasionally jumped ahead way too fast , for example , when Colin 's character and Helen 's character first meet . They seem to progress to intimacy almost immediately , which did n't make sense given their personalities . And we did n't get much -LRB- any ? -RRB- background on him . Another example is at the end , when the film takes a huge leap forward without allowing the viewer to participate . I felt like we lost what could have been a solid 20 minutes of quality character development and lovely compromise . Instead , we have to guess how these two very likable characters arrived at the most important decisions of the film.I felt like this experience was really referendum on Helen Hunt , the actor , the ambitious artist , and the graceful storyteller . First the actor . I 'm sure Hollywood has amazing technology to improve someone 's appearance . OK fine . To this 40ish reviewer , Ms. Hunt looked amazing , and like most beautiful women , she looked her best whenever she was exceedingly happy -LRB- several moments -RRB- , and whenever she was very unhappy -LRB- most of the balance of the movie -RRB- . The unhappiness seemed to dominate , for example when men -LRB- or birth mothers -RRB- were letting her down , and when the lonliness seemed too much to bear . At these times , her appearance was striking . When Helen takes yet another deep breath or heavy sigh in weary resignation , its as if she 's carrying the woes of the world on her shoulders . It makes you want to reach through the screen and give her a hug.The ambitious artist - if there is any message on the DVD extras its that Helen Hunt worked long and hard financially , artistically , persuasively , and courageously to make this project a reality . Hollywood is becoming so `` big budget/same old thing , '' I can imagine all of the stereotypes she had to overcome to get this film completed.Finally , graceful story teller . There were alot of little things making this story very endearing . I liked the script and the camera work , and I thought the three other lead actors did a wonderful job projecting their personalities into their characters.The alert viewer will recognize the song `` Naked As We Came , '' from Iron and Wine 's `` Our Endless Numbered Days '' album . Its a beautiful selection if not because it fits in with the movie -LRB- until perhaps the end -RRB- , but because ... well its just such a wonderful song!Overall I enjoyed the experience , and it maintained my belief that anything involving Helen Hunt will probably be high quality .
 I have a soft spot for Colin Firth . I was surprised how touching the movie was as it explored the different avenues towards motherhood . I liked it more than I initially thought I would and I would/will certainly watch it again .
 i just wanted to add my 4 stars ... i thought it might be hokey with the rating but it was pretty genuiney and nice
 I purchased this as a romantic comedy , it does have romance and comedy mixed in , but it is very emotional , so without revealing the ending will just say it is very good.Wonderful cast.Cast : Helen Hunt Plays April Epner ; Bette Midler Plays Bernice Graves ; Colin Firth Plays Frank ; Matthew Broderick Plays Ben ; Ben Shenkman Plays Freddy ; Lynn Cohen Plays Trudy Epner ; John Benjamin Hickey Plays Alan ; Salman Rushdie Plays Dr. Masani ; Daisy Tahan Plays Ruby ; Tommy Nelson Plays Jimmy Ray ; Stephanie Yankwitt Plays Stacey ; Lillias D. White Plays Sheila ; David Callegati Plays Gianni ; Rabbi Kenneth A. Stern Plays Rabbi ; Robert LuPone Plays Ted ; Chris Chalk Plays Orderly ; Alexa Scott-Flaherty Plays Mother # 2 ; Marina Durell Plays Attendant ; Sadie Heston Plays Trudy Jr. ; Stephanie Berry Plays Principal Petticord ; Lauren Klein Plays Alice ; Cherise Boothe Plays Mother # 1 ; Doug Hughes Plays Bernice Fan ; Chelsea Altman Plays Girl in Freddy 's Bed ; Stacie Linardos Plays Anne ; Jordan Thaler Plays Jordan ; Michael Harder Plays Michael ; Geneva Carr Plays Woman in Her 20s ; Maryann Urbano Plays Woman in Her 30s ; Maggie Siff Plays Lily ; Janeane Garofalo Plays Herself ; Tim Robbins Plays Himself ; Edie Falco Plays Herself ; Floanne Ankah Plays Production Assistant -LRB- uncredited -RRB- ; Adrianna Bremont Plays Trudy 's Niece -LRB- uncredited -RRB- ; Gustavo Cunha Plays Student -LRB- uncredited -RRB- ; Brother Eden Douglas Plays Penthouse Benefit Guest -LRB- uncredited -RRB- Audrey Elizabeth Fafard Plays Penthouse Host -LRB- uncredited -RRB- ; Hristo Hristov Plays Camera Operator -LRB- uncredited -RRB- ; Rachel Konstantin Plays April 's Cousin -LRB- uncredited -RRB- ; Andy Miller Plays Limo Driver -LRB- uncredited -RRB- ; Jonathan Roumie Plays Partygoer -LRB- uncredited -RRB- ; Schuster Vance Plays Husband at PTA Meeting -LRB- uncredited -RRB- ;
 We had never heard of this movie byt because of the stars we watched it . It was delightful and made us wonder what else we were missing .
 All actors were excellent . The script was well written and the characters believable . Very real . Sad in many ways . Overall ala worthwhile movie .
 I really liked this movie , funny that I 'd never seen an advertisement about it . Sadly probably not too many people saw it because they did n't know about it . Great cast and great story line . I was very impressed . Thanks for having it on Prime .
 A cast of less talented actors could not have done justice to this important story . My mind is better for having watched it .
 I did enjoy this movie since I am a fan of each of the actors . It has been years since I have seen a film with Bette Midler so that was a bonus . It as a B + movie !
 It helps to have three performers I recognize in the story . I was pulled in by the mother-daughter dynamic . The ending was really a special twist . I 'm not telling . Watch the movie .
 I really enjoyed this movie . I have always been a huge fan of Colin Firth and Bette Midler . Just a beautifully done movie .
 To start I loved this movie , Helen Hunt used a wonderful cast - not a bad actor amoung them . Colin Firth of course is absolutely spot on his part ! He takes you into Franks head and your heart breaks for him when he sees April has cheated on him . Every movie I see him in I am amazed all over again how he can take you on such a ride as any character he is playing.Helen Hunt great job on your directorial debut.What I could not understand was the adoption at the end . Here you have two beautiful very young children starved for a mothers love - why would n't you surround Jimmy Ray and Ruby with all the love you have and continue to try to have a child with beautiful Frank ?? This new addition to the family will take attention away from two already needy children.I still watch the movie at least once a week because Helen Hunt , Bette Medler , Colin Firth , and Freddie are so great in their roles . Matthew Broderick does a great job as the man child . But the end just always upsets me . But as I said at the beginning I really do love the movie well worth purchasing - it has made a wonderful addition to my Colin Firth collection .
 I am not a fan of Helen Hunt , but I really did enjoy this movie . It is n't that I do n't think she is talented . Helen Hunt is very talented , I just have always found her annoying . Now that she is older she is calmer and I like her more . I was even able to put up with Bette Midler whom I also do not like . Of course I only watched it in the first place because Colin Firth was in it . It was a good story though . Helen Hunt plays a confused and rather foolish woman who desperately wants to have a baby , but who is married to a man -LRB- Matthew Broderick -RRB- that does n't want the responsibilities of marriage anymore and moves back into his mothers house . Then Hunt discovers she is pregnant and at the same time finds out her birth mother -LRB- Bette Midler -RRB- that gave her up now wants to be part of her life . Bette Midlers character is suppose to be annoying and narcissistic so she is well cast . Colin Firth is the good and sane relationship in her life . He plays a man with two small children who 's wife also no longer wants the responsibilities of marriage or motherhood . Helen Hunt is the teacher of one of the children and that is how they meet . It all ends well as a good romantic comedy should , but it is a bit different than the formula which I appreciated .
 Helen Hunt , who has grown as an actor , directed herself in Then She Found Me . Loosely based on the novel of the same title , Ms. Hunt plays April Epner , a woman who has made a late marriage that fails in less than a year . She wants nothing more than to become a mother , and now , at age 39 , she fears her chances have slipped away when her husband takes off . No sooner does she find herself abandoned than she receives overtures from her previously unknown birth mother , who hopes to develop a relationship with the daughter she so long ago gave up for adoption . Serendipitously , April meets a divorced man with 2 kids of his own , and the attraction is mutual.The theme of this story has to do with the feelings of an adoptee who wants to give birth to her own child rather than adopt . Naturally , April 's emotions are conflicted , and she needs to work them through before she can move forward in her own life . As director , Ms. Hunt admirably prevented this film from becoming maudlin or mawkish . April runs the gamut of emotions , as does her new love interest , Colin Firth , who was unceremoniously dumped by his own wife . Perhaps the most outstanding performance is delivered by Bette Midler , who is larger than life in real life , but restrains herself in the role of April 's birth mother , now a spoiled TV celebrity . I do n't know if Ms. Hunt is Jewish , but her treatment of the religious overtones in this story is exemplary , also real but restrained . Matthew Broderick does as well as can be expected in the thankless role of April 's fickle husband.The main problems with this otherwise charming movie are the rather dull cinematography and some clumsy editing . My recommendation is to read the novel , watch the DVD , but do n't expect the same things from them .
 This is about as perfect a lttle film as I have ever seen . Took me a month to get thru it ; had to keep stopping it . Sort of a Terms of Endearment ... the Jewish version . It punched like 16 holes in my chest , it just keeps blind siding you . Get the kleenex ready .
 I was pleasantly surprised . I found Hunt 's directoral debut at least as wonderful as Sarah Polley 's -LRB- and the critics swooned over her effort -RRB- and the acting in Then She Found Me just as good as in Away From Me - if not better . I like ` little films ' that do n't try to be more than they are and that ` stay in character ' themselves -LRB- Gods and Monsters comes to mind -RRB- and here the directing was sweet and even -LRB- great mood music -RRB- and dialogue quite touching and very sharp in places , -LRB- expecially where April makes up with the Colin character . . Do n't recall that in the book . Wonderful ! -RRB- In the book , if I recall , Midler 's part was ` over the top ' but this actress was nicely restrained to suit the movie 's mood , the love interest in the book , again , if I recall was homely , -LRB- Fred Gwynne came to mind when I read it -RRB- but Firth 's more fun to look at than Mr. Munster and in this movie he 's closer to his Fever Pitch character than the stuff upper class Brit one ... . indeed , this movie shows a different side of him . I actually purchased this as soon as it was out on CD because a friend had seen the movie in the cinema and remarked on Firth 's different turn . But what I was reminded of , most , watching this film is that Hunt is an amazing actress , and there are many unforgettable moments from her in this movie .
 An absolute gem of a movie . If you like RomDramComs you will LOVE this one . My favorite movie of the year . Of the last five years . And please , let 's stop with the `` chick flick '' stuff . If a movie 's good , it 's good . `` Saving Private Ryan '' was great . `` Then She Found Me '' is great . The crackling dialogue between Hunt-Firth-Midler is more than worth the price of admission !
 I do n't know what movie others saw but I thought this was a very good movie . To those critical of Helen Hunt 's wrinkles etc. , I say GOOD for Ms. Hunt ! - We can get pulled , and botoxed faces from any number of phony hollywood stars , both women and men . If you are looking for the typical hollywood love story forget it , if you are looking for a challenging life situation that makes you think or * GASP * think , view this movie . If you are looking for Hollywood slick/contrived this is not for you .
 I do n't necessarily think that as a person , who simply enjoys watching a great movie , would care for most of these reviews listed . I am not here to give you a play by play of the film , -LRB- as I can see it has already be done . What ever happened to not giving away the storyline ? -RRB- nor am I here to critique whether this was the `` right '' film for a certain movie actor/actress to partake in.So here is my two cents
 I 've seen this movie twice , about a year apart , and loved it the same both times . It 's such a sweet story with wonderful dialogue and the perfect cast . I 'm not sure what the one and two-star reviews are about , some people would n't know a good movie if it slapped them in the face . I think Colin Firth is precious , Bette Midler is a riot and Helen Hunt was perfect . I was equal parts sniffling and giggling . I 'll probably watch it again ... and then again .
 The plot line of this movie reads like a soap opera script but the acting saved it from being one . Bette Midler did a great job of reigning herself in and every other actor is just as great . This film is a great accomplishment for Helen Hunt , who starred in and directed -LRB- her debut -RRB- this movie.It tells the story of a 39 y.o. woman -LRB- April -RRB- whose sole focus is to have a child before it is too late . As she herself is adopted , she desperately wants to have a child of her own . As in real life , things do not go exactly as planned . This film was fun to watch despite the kleenex staged moments.The thing that struck me the most was the ending . As an adopted child , April was determined to have her own flesh and blood and adoption was not an option . She felt that there was a difference between herself and her mother versus her mother and her biological child . The resolution was a beautiful sight to behold . We learn so much more about our own parents when we become parents ourselves , no matter how we get there . Too often we learn things about our parents when it is too late .
 Very much enjoyed this movie from start to finish . Normally watch and do n't have desire to watch again , but this movie I 'll purchase for another viewing .
 LOVED THE FLAWED CHARACTERS AND THE INCREDIBLY DEEP YET RELATABLE STORYLINE . THE ACTING WAS PHENOMENAL -LRB- INCREDIBLE ACTORS -RRB- . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE TO ANY ADULT ...
 This movie was a movie that many men and women can identify with because of the confusion , love and disfunction .
 This is a really good movie . It 's real - unlike a lot of the Hollywood stuff that 's fed us . Helen Hunt is believable and gives a very touching performace . Bette Midler is - well - Bette Midler . She 's always good . This is a bit of a chick flick that I enjoyed watching . My wife and I enjoyed it throughly .
 Great story about people who make mistakes , make choices and through adversity , go on with hope . Loved it ! A movie to reflect upon .
 I thought that the lesser reviews were harsh and inappropriate ... this movie has a lot of depth and heart and for those who appreciate such things you will love this movie !
 April is an aged 39 female teacher who wants to have a baby with her husband.Her husband left her in sudden after he made a baby with her.She was adopted when she was a kid . The mother who raised April is dying . Her brother in law is a doctor and nice guy.She 's always thinking as if she is a victim , her mother 's eyes looked different between when she looked at her and when she looked at her son . She tried to convince April to give up a pregnant and adopt a chinese girl before she 's leaving . Her husband had been a teacher as April at the same school . The class he was belong to came out of control after he 'd irresponsibly gone.April met Ginny 's father . He takes care of two kids -LRB- Ginny and Ruby -RRB- by himself.After her mother who raised April died , April 's mother who had DNA half as same as April appeared.She is a celebrety in the limitted area , does n't seem to feel guilty that she gave up April at all and pretend to be a mother.Although she ca n't tell when her baby disappeared , it was found at a hospital with her husband and Ginny 's father.April was unhappy and talked to her brother that she did n't know how to forgive her mother who pushed April outwhen she had lunch with him.He suggested that you should ask her mother to buy something for April , confessed that he had tired to live as an actual child with a child who was adopted and convinced April to adopt as he knew that she only knew how adopted child has felt.What she asked her mother is a baby her own . But she missed it.She eventually did make a right decision.The way that April speaks makes me feel bad.I thought what common part of their personality between April and her actual mother is never to give up trying to take a handle.I Like her brother , he is really nice.And her mother who looks like grandma is also cute and arresting even though she did n't appear so much.Her actual mother has enough energy to keep smiling even though she knows someone whom she talks to abhors her.April could n't overcome about that she was adopted.I was n't so I ca n't emphasize so much.If I was adopted , I might have such a personality , I think .
 it echoed some of the things i 'm going through right now , and validated me . i cried , it was funny , it hit home . it came from helen hunt 's heart . i ca n't criticize that .
 The Elinor Lipman novel upon which this was based was among the best books I read back in the 90s , so I was happy to see that this adaptation maintained that quality . The messages we get here really do resonate , if you have a heart and open it up . You ca n't help but be moved . Helen Hunt looks closer to 50 here than 40 , all lines and wrinkles and frowns . Bette Midler , who plays her mother , actually almost looks younger . Maybe that was planned . Give this a go . It 's worth watching .
 Then She Found Meis an astonishingly moving , hilariously funny movie . Had Bette Midler been lucky enough to be directed by Helen Hunt early in her career , she would actually have a movie career . The acting , on all counts , is gloriously , painfully , earth-shatteringly real . Helen Hunt 's direction is flawless , and she is clearly able to get performances from actors that I suspect they did not know they were capable of.I borrowed the DVD from a friend , and after I watched it , I walked over to my computer and ordered it because I knew this was a film I 'd want to watch again . When it arrived a few days later , I watched it again , and laughed and cried harder than I did the first time . Then She Found Me is a breathtaking film , one to watched and savored for its heartfelt emotions , honest humor , and depth of feeling . .
 Fantastic movie with great acting . Loved Colin Firth ` spart the best . Beth was great also . Great and inspiring story line about adoption .
 This movie was simply the most captivating and beautifully executed movies I have seen in a good while . The acting styles of Helen Hunt , Colin Firth and Bette Midler weaved so gracefully together it brought the story to life in an effortless and powerful way . Please treat yourself .
 This was a very `` realistic '' movie in that it is not formed in predictable plot and none of the characters are perfect in just about every sense possible . Each person in the movie abounds in character flaws and bad decisions just as each of us do . And believabley they actually make the same mistake more than once . I can certainly imagines doing that in real life ! During this movie , I smypathized with some situations and was dissapointed with others . This was a good movie . There were controversial scenes and topics but once again that is the rub found in life . The art is in the oh so predictable human nature playing out in true imperfect form and realizng `` oops that 's me . '' Or `` Really ! You have n't learned your lesson !? `` If my review is baffling understand that I am recommending this movie to people who can stand outside their comfort zone and take in a glimpse of another life and enjoy great acting and realize that in the end of the movie you will have to forgive one or two of the characters just as you must do for yourself on those mistake riddled days . Enjoy the movie with a laid-back eye for entertainment . I will watch this again someday as I think this one will stick with me for a while .
 If you are a grownup and have n't read the book -LRB- I have n't -RRB- then this is probably a 4-star romantic comedy with unexpected and serious undertones
 Bette Midler 's performance made this movie . Great cast . Feel good movie . Probably would relate most to women so watch it with your best girlfriend .
 This is another great movie by Helen Hunt , she was superb as always , so was everyone else in it . The movie shows how you can pick yourself up even in the wrost seeming situations , which of course only happens in movies , but still it makes you feel good to watch it and I highly recommend it . Some things in it are not realistic but the storyline and acting make it great .
 Very good . I could watch this again . A story that is complex , with complex characters . Helen Hunt is very good .
 Reviewing b/c fascinated with the equal-across-the-board reviews . This was a fine film , especially for a directorial debut . Not without a few bumps but overall , excellent . I give it a 5 to give the overall score a boost
 I am a huge Colin Firth fan . I have liked every one of his performances that I 've seen . His portrayal of a loving single father in this movie is heart warming and heart wrenching . Helen Hunt 's performance as a 30-something dying to have a baby is well portrayed . The drama is bittersweet between the loss of her baby and the developing relationship with Firth 's character . At times you just want to wring her neck for the way she treats him . Matthew Broderick is in and gone but does a fine job as a Peter Pan momma 's boy while Bette Midler delivers an outstanding performance as the mother who gave her daughter -LRB- Hunt -RRB- away . Could have a used a little more time building on the dynamic of the adopted family , but the adopted Mom is killed off too soon and the devoted brother does n't get enough airplay either . The best part is this movie takes real life drama -LRB- you know these characters in your own family , friends and neighbors -RRB- and still leaves you with hope that they will overcome it all . I think I will buy this one to add to my &#34; best of &#34; collection .
 Released earlier this year , Baby Mama covers the same emotional territory but in much broader slapstick terms , while this 2008 serio-comedy is driven far more by character than situation . In this case , the protagonist is 39-year-old April Epner , a New York kindergarten teacher who was raised in a close-knit Jewish family and desperately wants the biological connection of a birth child before her alarm clock goes off . She marries fellow teacher Ben , an inarticulate schlub with a terminal case of the Peter Pan Syndrome . After a brief time , he wants out of the marriage , and at almost the same time , April 's adoptive mother Trudy dies . Not even a month goes by before April 's biological mother suddenly shows up in the form of the brazenly overbearing but genuinely likeable Bernice Graves , a cable talk-show hostess who is something of a local media celebrity . If life was not complicated enough , April also finds herself drawn to Frank , the single father of one of her pupils . Unlike Ben , he feels the same about April but is fighting his own bitterness about his own recent divorce.Not only does Helen Hunt star as April , but she also co-wrote the screenplay with Alice Arlen and Victor Levin and makes her big-screen directorial debut . Granted she 's more impressive as an actress than a filmmaker , but as a director and writer , she makes the most of a storyline that stacks the deck a bit like a Lifetime TV-movie . There are enough realistic surprises that take the plot off the rails in a good way . Looking gaunt and avoiding much make-up , Hunt is really playing a variation of the beaten-down waitress she played inAs Good As It Gets , as she carries that same constantly pained expression of disappointment and looks about to explode during moments of emotional duress . However , a decade later , Hunt inhabits the character more naturalistically this time and with a deeper sense of vulnerability and haggard exhaustion . Perhaps to minimize any unnecessary dramatic risk , Hunt cast the other principal roles with actors playing familiar parts . Matthew Broderick effectively portrays Ben as the perpetually dazed man-child he is , while perennial love interest Colin Firth gives texture to the seemingly ideal suitor Frank , especially as he edges toward the breaking point in tolerating the sum of April 's foibles.In one of her increasingly rare screen appearances , Bette Midler gives a scene-stealing performance as Bernice . She lights up the movie with the character 's unfettered sense of abandonment while gradually exposing the secrets that threaten to undermine her newly found relationship with her daughter . Other parts are played with minimum fuss - Ben Shenkman as April 's physician brother Freddy feeling put-upon for having a biological tie to their mother , and Salman Rushdie -LRB- yes , the controversial author ofThe Satanic Verseswhich brought him a death sentence from the Ayatollah Khomeini in 1989 -RRB- as April 's doctor . Hunt provides the principal actors , especially herself , plenty of good , meaty scenes with opportunities for bravura moments , and they do deliver . It just does n't quite come together as a whole by the end , and that may be that Hunt is so used to the sitcom format of the long-running series , Mad About You . The incomplete result is that some laughs feel a bit contrived , some scene transitions seem jarring , and some expected character revelations are given short shrift . Nonetheless , the dramatic developments toward the end carry the emotional impact necessary to make the movie truly affecting , and Hunt should be given full credit for a most auspicious debut as a filmmaker .
 This was an impressive movie . Independent , yes . Full of surprises , yes . Helen Hunt directed the movie as well as starred in it . I have always admired her as an actress ever since as good as it gets with jack nicholson . This is a movie about a woman getting older that wants a child . She gets married in the beginning , and then her husband decides he isnt ready for the pressure . He knows she wants a baby , but he isnt sure he is ready for the responsibility.Depressed and alone , she finds solace in a divorced father of two who is semi-angry , semi-depressed , and in a way , ready to move on . She ignores his advances at first , but finally realizes it is time to move on from the husband she believed to be the one.I love Colin Firth in this movie , he has an excellent display of passion and anger at each event that happens to him . He seems to be a mate of challenge for our heroine , but at the same time the potential for a better future.Bette Midler was also equally superb . She played the crazy , sometimes destructive liar pretty well . She is very self centered , and changes the subject frequently , but you can not help but resist her.Excellent from all angles , a must see . It is too bad it was dubbed an independent piece , as not everyone knows about it . We have an independent theater that just shows these types of films . I will be buying it , but it is definitly worth a watch over and over again .
 Mr. Uyeshima 's review provides a wonderful and accurate description of this film . I have little to add , but do recommend Then She Found Me , if the viewer understands that this is not a mainstream Hollywood romance . Those seeking yet another reprisal of a Colin Firth as Darcy to a modern day Elizabeth Bennett treatment probably will be disappointed . The film has many layers , with a primary focus on betrayal , not just formulaic romantic love . I read some complaints that reviewers did n't find the characters likable and found Ms. Hunt not glamorous enough . One of the things I enjoyed most was more realistic , complex portrayal of human foibles than we 're often given in film today . I laughed when I read the comments about Ms. Hunt 's appearance , because this basically is what you look like when it all comes crashing down around you . You can relate to these characters . They are quite imperfectly human.I like it . This is a film for adults , which is a such rarity these days . There is a lot of heart to the story and its characters . Lots of lovely subtleties in scenery , music , costuming , etc. . The cast is superb , comedy is generally smartly written and well delivered . Formulaic aspects to some story lines , but it was thought-provoking overall , and well worth viewing.I 'm a fan of Helen Hunt as an actress and am proud to see such a strong directorial debut . I hope she continues . I really recommend checking out the Special Features section of the DVD , especially the interviews and featurette . Those interested in film making will enjoy Ms. Hunt 's commentary , much of which focuses on the creative detail of telling the story , especially with little budget and limited time.I think this film deserved more of a chance than it got . It 's not a `` chick flick , '' fluffy romance or Lifetime movie . It 's an adult comedy-drama with a thought-provoking theme and wonderful performances . Not a perfect film , by any means , but better in its genre than I 've seen in awhile .
 Helen Hunt did a good job directing and acting in this movie about second chances . The romantic chemistry worked very believably for me , while it moved a bit fast . Ms. Hunt 's unglossed appearance added at times to the emotional rollar coaster she was riding . Other times , she looked so bad that it was a bit distracting . Bottom line
 When I saw that this was Helen Hunt 's directoral debut , I must admit that I was expecting trivial . This film is anything but trivial . A great team of screen writers , along with the thoughtful and inspired director and cast , have produced a film which is as moving as it is thought provoking . Bette Midler is wonderful , as always , but the entire cast rises to the occasion to portray characters that make you laugh and make you feel the depth of the emotion within this great story . Thank you Helen and Bette and everyone involved for seeing the potential of this story and bringing it into being in a film that rises well above its acclaim or marketing budget .
 This was an absorbing movie , and drew tears toward its conclusion . The best word to describe the movie and its point of view is `` complicated . '' People do the wrong things for the right reasons , or the right things for wrong reasons and so on.In brief , Helen Hunt directs and stars in the only DVD I know of that explores the deep emotions of a woman who wants a child while her mind and heart are complicated by three different abandonments
 Admitedly , I am a fan of Helen . I was a 13 year old shy teenager who just happened to do community theatre with Helen . My school teacher had convinced my mother somehow that acting would help me with my shyness . Well , the director screaming at the top of her lungs at me to `` PRO-JECT !! '' did not . To this day I am grateful to Helen for being the sweet , thoughtful 13 year old that she was on the day I ran bawling to the hide in the bathroom.As a person who has seen her life change permanently and very dramatically overnight , I could relate . April Epner was real and when the movie ended , I found myself wondering what happened next.After watching about 5 minutes of the movie , I called my mother who lives in another state , and told her to pay full price , but go out and get this movie NOW.The 4 main characters each have warmth , depth , intelligence and humor . It is a beautiful heartfelt story without the sticky sweet and plasticness.If this is what a Helen Hunt movie is like , sign me up for the future ones !
 Helen Hunt makes her film directing debut in this heartwarming , funny dramedy in which she plays a childless 39-year-old teacher , who is on a major losing streak . Within days of each other , her immature husband -LRB- Matthew Broderick -RRB- leaves her , her adoptive mother dies and , out of the blue , her birth mother -LRB- Bette Midler -RRB- suddenly appears and turns out to be a world-class liar.The one positive thing in her life is divorced father Colin Firth , with whom she makes an immediate love connection , but then she discovers she 's pregnant by Broderick.This is one of the best -LRB- little known -RRB- movies I saw last year.Michael B. Druxman
 This is a comedy that does not ask you to suspend your belief and laugh at contrived situations . Each one of the characters - Hunt -LRB- a 39 year old childless women who was dumped by her husband but who still longs for a biological child of her own -RRB- , Firth -LRB- a divorced father of two young children who is still recovering from his failed marriage -RRB- , Broderick -LRB- an immature ex-husband who does not know what he wants -RRB- , and Midler -LRB- a local celebrity who is doing all she can to gain the acceptance and love of her daughter whom she had abandoned during infancy -RRB- are flawed in their own ways . Yet , I can empathize with each one of them and find them all likable . The plot is different and in my opinion richer and better and more realistic than that of the typical Hollywood comedy . What makes this a good movie is that I do care what happens to each of the characters ! The bittersweet situations in the movie were just the icing on the cake .
 This movie is about half sad and half happy . It 's definitely more of a chick flick , but I think single fathers might appreciate this , too . I rented it on a whim because I love Colin Firth , and I loved him in this movie ... a very realistic portrayal of a single father on the edge of breaking , caring for two children all on his own . Helen Hunt did a wonderful job in her role as the main character , April -LRB- and as director -RRB- . She really knows how to deliver her lines and pace her reactions . I am not at the baby fever stage yet of my life , but she drew me into her character 's baby drama . I felt for her and cried when she cried . This was a very touching story . The ending was so sweet and not what I predicted at all.Random note - Helen Hunt was n't believeable as being 39 to me . I could n't get over her droopy eyes and cheeks .
 I loved Bette Middler & Helen Hunt . They both played their roles very believeable . Especially Bette . While I was watching it I kept wanting to her to reach out and really hug her daughter . I know that is n't what Helen wanted . She wanted it to go slow and have an answer to &#34; why did you leave me &#34; . That 's the way it should be . Very heart tugging story !
 Watched this with my mom and four aunts . Totally a chick-flick . Good story , worth watching . Any movie with Colin Firth is ! right ?
 Awesone story line , ... . gets its point across about adoption in the mixed up ... crazy ... Love story ... of a movie !! PERFECT CAST !!!!!
 Colin Firth and Helen Hunt have palpable chemistry in this small gem of a romantic comedy . Their characters have been given a bit of a raw deal by the world and they are understandably gun shy , but as with all good romantic comedies , the pleasure is in how they get from where they 're stuck to where they belong . Bette Midler and Matthew Broderick also deliver standout performances in key roles . Recommended .
 We recently killed DirecTV so have reverted to Amazon Prime and NetFlix . This was a movie neither of us had ever heard of but decided to watch it . We both enjoyed it and decided we 'll have to watch it again
 This movie may not be for everyone , but I found it interesting and well acted . Nothing else to say about this movie why do I need 15 words ?
 Enjoyable nice movie , good stars and story line , no violence , just a nice story , relaxing and entertaining to watch from home
 Helen Hunt is a wonderful actress and has a great supporting cast in this film . I would recommend this movie .
 This is such a sweet story , and a great movie . Helen Hunt is great , and Bette Midler is , well , she 's just simply a goddess . The only flaw of the movie is this
 I really enjoyed this movie . I thought it was very well written and each actor gave a wonderful performance . I 'm glad Helen Hunt was finally able to get this story on film . Bravo !
 her mom was someone knew herself after struggling a lot.her daughter was still on the way like her two boy friends.so did she find herself at the end?I 'm still wondering whether she did or not.interesting movie for my age of near and over 40s .
 Though I enjoyed watching it because I simply adore Colin Firth , in reality this is not some deep movie but just an enjoyable little romance .
 This is one film I wish was a bit longer . good cast , well acted but ended too soon . Good movie .
 Helen Hunt wrote the movie , produced it and acted in it . I had watched another movie the night before , another mid-life crisis where three aging dancers each had an emotional break down , one at a time . My reaction - who cares?This movie might have been along the same theme , a mid-life crisis , but it was done with such heart and compassion , that I watched it over and over . I did n't even watch the other movie more than half way through . All evidence pointed to a predictable ending . This movie did n't have a predictable ending . I feel that many women can identify with the plot , a woman in one crisis after another . And , there is a lesson to be learned , staying focused on the ultiamte goal , and there is a brighter world on the other side of all of the trauma . One could almost say this movie could be alighned with Wayne Dyer 's `` The Shift , '' where a person makes a big shift in his/her life and life is never the same . Now is the time when many people are feeling that shift . This is a changing world . The only problem that I had was that I had to keep turning up the volume . K
 The movie overall kept my attention , a typically prefer a little more comedy . This did not really have any comedic moments at all . Colin Firth was great in his character , it certainly made me respect him as an actor so much more than I already did .
 I ENJOYED THE MOVIE . IT PROTRAYED REAL LIFE , OUR MISTAKES AND OUR ABILITY TO FORGIVE AND LOVE AGAIN THROUGH IT ALL .
 I really enjoyed this movie , made me smile , made me cry . The end was the best !! I would definitely recommend this movie !
 As a Free Amazon Prime movie , I was very happy with my selection . My favorite part is when Collin Firth asks , `` Have you slept ? '' then before she could answer , he advises her not to think or do anything until she 's slept . The segments where the two are tired and worn out by the events that took their lives off track are touching and at times humorous . The two seem to find each other when they both needed a friend and a helping hand to get through the drama that hit them when they lost people in their lives . The story touches on lots of relationship angles to include adoption , siblings , parents , marriage , divorce , death , dating and children . In the end , they show the two together , she has her baby and her mother and they have a family .
 Very cute , engaging - Bette did a great job as always ! Helen was extremely believable and played the lead perfectly .
 I love all of the actors in this quirky movie but I thought it was going to be one of those movies that missed the mark . I found that I was entertained all of the way through this film . It was more &#34; indie drama &#34; than mainstream romantic comedy but there were some genuinely funny parts and the dramatic parts were captivating because acting was great .
 I enjoyed how this movie represented that life dose n't always turn out how we have it planned . But we can find love and happiness .
 I really liked this movie . It is hopeful in a realistic way . I watch it again every once in a while because Helen Hunt and Colin Firth are both so great in it . They really bring out the best in each other . Ms. Midler is less engaged in her part but she 's Bette Midler so if she shows up in a film it 's a treat .
 Enjoyed all the actors portrayals in this tale . Helen Hunt and Bette Midler played their usual true to life characters .
 I really liked the movie . All of the actors are good and the story seemed true to life . I would recommend this film .
 Surprisingly good ! Good cast . At first I did not think I 'd like this movie . Seemed more like a chick flick . Glad to say it was not .
 Then She Found Me -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- After reading some of the reviews on Amazon , I was a little hesitant to buy this movie . I decided to buy it anyway , since I absolutely adore Colin Firth and Bette Midler . I found it to be a warm , funny , thoughtful movie . Helen Hunt does a wonderful job playing a woman who could have easily slipped too far into her tragedies . It was lovely to see Colin Firth in something other than the `` dour Englishman '' role . His is another character that could have played strictly to the tragic elements of his life , but Colin shows a range he 's not often allowed to play . He is by turns funny , loving , neurotic , and just a little bit cruel . Matthew Broderick is good , sort of a not-quite-grown-up Ferris Bueller . And Bette - what can I say about Bette ? She lights up the screen in every scene she 's in.Let 's face it , this is n't Pride and Prejudice , and it 's not even Bridget Jones ' Diary . It is , however , a sweet movie that will make a great addition to anyone 's Colin Firth collection .
 Helen Hunt stars and directs a film that depicts the life of a 39 year old woman who wants it all . She wants a career , a marriage , a family and happy ever after . And , then one day it all falls apart.April Epner , played by Helen Hunt teaches kindergarten , her husband played by Matthew Broderick is also a teacher . As we meet them they are having a Jewish religious holiday in the hospital with April 's adopted mother . It is easily apparent that relations between April and her adopted mother are not all they should be . That night , April 's husband tells her he loves someone else , and before he leaves they have hasty sex on the kitchen floor . April who is heartbroken faces the world in a haze , and on top of it all her adoptive mother dies . Life goes on , her friends and in particular her brother are her support . One day out of the blue a man comes to her school to ask her to meet with her birth mother , Beatrice , played by Bette Midler . Beatirce is an over the top local talk-show personality . On the same day that April meets her mother she also meets one of her student 's father . They are both instantly hooked . They dance around having a date for awhile , but after a bit they decide their love is real . The relationship with real mom is up and down and April reaches a true conundrum.This could be a very sappy film , but Helen Hunt 's excellent direction saves it . Helen wears not much make-up , she looks pale and thin . Her new boyfriend , played by Colin Firth is rugged , a nice term for a little fat , solvely dad . He is all taken up in caring for his two young children , they were all left by his wife , their mother who is traveling through Europe with a new lover . Beatrice is as she should be , funny , really over the top as only Bette Midler can be , but filled with common sense and seems to instinctively knows how to behave . Matthew Broderick is a young mommy 's boy and someone to avoid at all costs . The storyline may be trite to some , but I think it was well written and superbly acted . April 's gynecologist is Salman Rushdie , for gosh sakes!This is a film that all women will appreciate and men if they are really men . I found it charming and so well done.Recommended . prisrob 01-28-12A Good WomanThe King 's Speech
 `` Kill , Baby ... Kill ! '' -LRB- `` Operazione Paura '' 1966 -RRB- begs the question
 OUTING RILEY may feel a bit self serving , as though Bobby Riley , the main character of the film , is sitting in a Confessional Booth revealing his secret , and in fact that is certainly the case as the film was conceived , lived , written , directed and stars Pete Jones as Bobby . This may account for some of the awkward sense of some of the dialog
 Being the avid Nathan Fillion fan I found this on TV and Tivo 'd it , not knowing what it was about or what to expect . It was a little racier than I expected in the language department and I was only going to watch it for Nathan , but I got hooked and enjoyed the movie quite a bit . It surely is n't a wholesome and educational film for the children to see , but probably a pretty realistic view of what coming out is like in some families . Well acted all around , and Amazon needs to put Nathans name in a more prominent position for this one , he is the one star going somewhere in this and the only actor I recognized . He is some kind of big darn hero .
 The acting is overall pretty great in this film . I expecially LOVED the Drag Queen who stole every scene she was in . I wish she would put out a CD of her songs . Anyway , the story reminded me of my own growing up Catholic and the kinds of struggles and love a family goes through .
 It was a good GLBT oriented movie . I 've enjoyed it however I wish it had been written and made in a more fast-paced way . Still it was entertaining .
 As the title eludes to , this is a coming out story . It 's more on the serious side , with some lighthearted humor here and there . I was n't sure what to expect , but it was good an entertaining . Bobby Riley is a masculine gay man , who likes sports , beer & gets along great with his brothers . Little do they realize he 's gay .
 This movie is a good mix of comedy and romance , but maybe the romance part is not so developed . Probably the director , who is also the main actor , feared that , puhing to much on the smushy part , the movie would be too much targeted as `` gay romance '' . As it is instead , this is a movie that can be considered an adult coming out , to be watched both from a gay than an het spectator . Anyway the actors in the four main role , the gay brother , the playboy brother , the good boy brother and the priest brother , are all very good , and I really like as it 's dealt the relationship between the gay brother and the priest brother , I believe a quite possible outcome .
 After watching this movie for the second time , I was able to look at it a little more objectively . It was definitely better the second time . It tells the universal story of family and love and acceptance from a gay perspective . That what we 're all looking for , is n't it - acceptance ? Lots of humor , likeable characters , and realistic relationships made this movie work for me .
 I really liked this movie . I thought the movie was refreshingly funny and a very , very accurate take on a Chicago Irish Catholic family . For better or worse , Midwestern values permeate this movie -- the competitiveness , the family secrets , the practical jokes and the assigned family roles from which the siblings have a difficult time breaking free - all ring very , very true . Right from the opening scene , we are introduced to these beliefs
 Bobby Riley is the youngest of four siblings in a Chicago Irish-Catholic family . With both parents deceased , Bobby retains strong emotional and physical ties to his sister and three boisterous older brothers , one of whom is a priest . His lover , Andy -LRB- `` Mad TV '' 's Michael McDonald -RRB- and his `` convenience female date '' -LRB- who is actually a lesbian friend -RRB- , as well as his sister -LRB- who already knows he is gay -RRB- push him to come out to his brothers , but he has been procrastinating for many years , making the revelation tougher as time goes on . When he finally reveals himself as gay , they first assume it is one of many practical jokes the brothers have played on each other over the years , and they do n't believe him . Finding out it is true causes different reactions from each brother , ranging from prayerful sympathy from his oldest brother -LRB- the priest -RRB- to near-rage from his youngest brother . In an especially humorous sequence , Andy -LRB- the lover -RRB- accepts an invitation to have lunch with two of the brothers , and has some fun pointing out their prejudices born out of ignorance rather than any actual hate.Though I 'm an only child , I 've seen the dynamic in many close-knit Irish or Italian Catholic families , and the characterizations ring very true to me , as does the initial and subequent reactions to Bobby 's outing of himself . After all , if it has taken you 20-30 years to accept yourself as a gay man , you have to give others some time to make the same adjustment . Original , nicely-done premise , presented in a well-paced , cohesive indie film that looks much better than its budget suggests it should be . The lead character is played by Pete Jones , who also wrote and directed the screenplay , the second he has filmed since winning an HBO `` Project Greenlight '' competition for amateur filmmakers.DVD extras include deleted scenes and director commentary . I give it four stars out of five .
 This was one of the best movies I 've seen in a long time . Perfect blend of comedy & drama .
 Well-crafted independent film , portraying the cause for acceptance compellingly . Powerful that the story is written , produced , directed , and acted by a straight guy with convincing , heartfelt support from crew and supporting cast . Clever storyline and interest-engaging format wherein the primary character speaks in asides to the audience and uses first-person narration to move the story . The acting is superb . Too bad have n't seen more work by the creator .
 This is a superb film , an independent in the vein of a gay `` brothers McMullen '' ... Expertly acted and cleverly written , the movie shines in the way most independent gay films do not.Nathan Fillian is marvelous in his role as the best-friend brother . His performance rings true to everything being a free-spirited Irishman is about.Strong language , dirty jokes , and adult situations abound throughout , so this is not for your tweeners to watch.This is a film that blatantly discussed family feelings and relationships about sexuality . It 's not meant as a morality tale for those with anti-gay sentiments . Instead , it is meant as a romantic comedy and family drama for those who are a bit more open-minded . While I suppose this film will primarily resonate with and be viewed by a gay audience , it holds valuable interest to many families who have dealt with , or might deal with , similar issues . I watched my own gay Irish ex-partner go through similar conflict -LRB- and reactions to -RRB- his coming out in his very large Irish family.The commonalities that tie families together make this film stand out above the crowd . Highly recommended . But not to bigots or Family Christian Values zealots .
 I watched this in a class and wanted to rewatch it . A must see ! Great video ! Great outlook on deaf culture !!!
 This video is excellent . I use it in my ASL class at Butte Comm . College in Chico CA . It does a great job of setting the stage for my lectures on Deaf culture and the Deaf Community . I recommend it to any sigh language teachers , or students of ASL , and Deaf people who want to learn more about their own history and culture.Through Deaf Eyes
 As a hearing person , I 've always been fascinated with American Sign Language -LRB- ASL -RRB- . Though I had either read or seen some of the information , there was still lots I did n't know featured in this film . I think that most non-hearing-impaired people will find this film to be quite educational . We 've come a long way in the U.S. , but certainly there 's still more to do . In other parts of the world , sadly , it 's much worse for deaf people.FYI ... This film was released in 2007 . In the film it talked about an `` uprising '' -LRB- my word -RRB- at Gallaudet University , which is a university for the deaf and hard-of-hearing in Washington DC . The `` uprising '' in the film took place in 1988 . Something very similar took place in 2006 .
 Definitely worth watching if you want to know the history of Deaf culture , American Sign Language , oral learning , etc. . It does not give a one-sided argument , but gives you retrospect from a variety of resources . I highly recommend this video .
 This is a great documentary of deaf people and culture . It has a great history and some interesting insights from deaf adults and children ! I am happy this movie was made to help many hearing people understand the differences among the deaf people within the world and the effects it can take . I hope parents see this and are given all options for their children who are deaf .
 This is an excellent documentary , interesting and well done . It provides well researched background information about the history of Deaf culture , and should help many people , both hearing and deaf , to understand the cultural aspects of this community , and to think of deafness as diversity and not necessarily disability .
 The best all-around history of the Deaf community and Deaf experience on film . Very useful for personal information or a Deaf studies course . Having the most famous Deaf success stories -LRB- some of whom I 've met -RRB- helps to dispell some of the misconceptions hearing people still have about Deaf people . I highly recommend this product . I guaranty if you watch this with some of your Deaf friends it will spark one of the most interesting and impassioned conversationsThrough Deaf Eyesyou will ever have .
 This movie was so moving and really opened my eyes to a wonderful culture . I am an interpreter for the deaf/hh in a small town in Wyoming . There is very little Deaf culture to be found here so this wonderful documentary was a joy to watch . I learned so much and the information given in the film sparked new conversation within my family and with my colleagues . 5 stars !!!
 Hes ! this DVD is a great way to learn about the Deaf world . I have two friends who are deaf . I really love this DVD .
 I loved the program . It did an excellent job of summarizing the major Deaf history and deaf education issues of today without going into any heated debates . I also loved the inclusion of modern Deaf films . They give really good insight into Deaf culture . Thank you PBS for an excellent review of Deaf history and culture -- the mainstream needs to know it !
 As a Deaf person , I thought that * Through Deaf Eyes * was a good start or a good step looking into the history of the American Deaf people . Of course , keep in mind that a 2 hour movie is impossible to cover over 200 years of the American Deaf history . So , what you 're seeing here is just a glimpse.You 're going to see glimpses and interviews on Deaf education , ASL , oralism , cochlear implants , racism , the DPN movement , technologies , Gallaudet University , notable people and many more . You 'll also see mini-movies made by Deaf film-makers . The Deaf community 's reaction to this documentary is varied . Some thought it was great . Some thought that there was too much focus on oralism and therefore giving the wrong message . Some felt that this could have been done better . While I feel that this could have been done better , I also feel that this was a good start to allow outsiders to catch a small glimpse into the Deaf-World . I do hope that this will be made into a series .
 As a deaf person and an instructor of American Sign Language and Deaf Culture/History , I heartily recommend this as a nicely-done glimpse into the huge breadth of American Deaf History . All the highlights are here
 Chris of Centerville 's excellent review of this DVD has it pretty well nailed . It is good exposure to America of the deaf among us , and their history . It has great short films and characteristic brief snippets of deaf relating their life , their history , their frustrations , their triumphs -LRB- loved the Gallaudet president story -RRB- . Also , her noting that the latter part emphasis on Cochlear Implants was quantitatively speaking potentially misleading to the uninformed viewer . America in many cases believes and at the least hopes that technology and science will be the savior of everything , including deafness . They also love the latest , greatest attempts from this field . So , Cochlear Implants are the latest offering.The plays were highlights for me of this well done effort . As others have pointed out , it is always so difficult to compress 200 years into 2 hours , but this is good attempt . Maybe its success will inspire more .
 I just wanted to add a comment about the lack of Captions spoken of earlier . Its true that there is not an option on the disk to set for captions or subtitles , however I discovered that having the TV captions turned on through the TV set there are captions that will show up on the screen . I say this because it is a great programe , and if anyone from the deaf cummuinity did not want to buy it because of the lack of that feature need not worry because it does work . Other than that I just want to remark that I feel that it is a must see feature there is a lot to learn from it .
 I viewed this two hour program on PBS last night . It is absolutely superb ! It presents the story of Deaf Americans during the past 200 years . The story is very enlightening and educational . What this film actually did was to bring together many different stories , which were told in humor , sadness , or simply in a straightforward manner . I particularly appreciated that diverse viewpoints were represented in discussing about sensitive issues such as American Sign Language -LRB- ASL -RRB- , Oralism , Cochlear Implants , etc. . We also learned how Deaf Education came to America , the beginnings of ASL , the Oral vs. ASL struggles which affected the schools and the lives of Deaf people , the invention of the TTY and other technological advancements , plus other sundry facts . It was a pleasure being able to learn from prominent Deaf Americans sharing their experiences and views . Those individuals included Dr. I. King Jordan , Marlee Matlin , and other prominent Deaf persons . We also received a primer on Deaf Culture and its significance in the lives of Deaf people . Though this film is by no means a complete and indepth study of Deaf people , it does present the average viewer with a broad and eye awakening glimpse into their lives and struggles in the past and today.All in all , this was indeed a worthwhile program to view and one that we will want to revisit from time to time . I look forward to the release of this DVD and will be using it as a tool to educate others about Deaf people and their culture in America .
 I have to tell you , this documentary was for the hearing who have no concept of deaf culture and it 's evolution into what it is today . It was never meant to `` speak for all '' deaf culture or any sub-culture specific . If it was a film dedicated to and for the deaf , it would have been handled MUCH differently.After all people who grew up deaf do not need this kind of introduction into a world they know all too well . This is a fabulous film for those of us who never knew there was a whole culture that is actually as intricate and debated as a religion . This was for the hearing who have no idea what it must be like.This is as immersive as you can get for the masses and not lose their attention . We live in a society where it either grabs at you or who cares about it , and I think they hit on the right combonation to make people stand up and take notice.I agree and hope this becomes a series so they may continue this whole idea and include all those who feel like it was n't complete enough.My nephew is deaf , but he suffers from multiple emotional disabilities . He watched this with me and was delighted at it 's content . He said the same thing I did , that maybe the general public will now have a better understanding of what it means to be deaf , not just wonder how it must feel .
 I am still stunned about how much this documentary moved me . I love learning and understanding others . This program fulfills both . For those of us who are not deaf or know anyone who is deaf - this provides us with a very well orchestrated view on the life of the deaf . This program should be required viewing in every school .
 The documentary was great . The DVD was damaged and kept stopping , frustrating when trying to show it to an ASL I class .
 This documentary was wonderful . I want to watch it again and again . I am a college student learning ASL and Deaf Culture , and I absolutely loved this program . There is so much to learn about the history and diversities within deaf culture , and this documentary covered so much from so many different viewpoints . Each story told is different and so you can really get a sense for the complexity of this culture . It will tug at your heart . Throughout the program are not only interviews , stories , and history , but also clips from deaf filmmakers and deaf artistic expressions . It 's a great program .
 This is one of the rare times where I liked the movie better than the book . The book does more character development but has a surreal ending being told by the pilot AFTER he is dead . The F86 's have correct markings , and using F84F 's as Mig 15 's was a good a choice as you could expect when this movie was made . They were similar in appearance although the F84F came after the Korean war was over . The movie has more action than the book , but alas , also had to have the required `` love plot '' . Mitchum , a.k.a. ` Mister Thunder Road ' , will always personify cool . Enjoy the movie for what it is , late ' 50 's Hollywood .
 This Korean War-era film has all the trimmings as far as aerial combat is concerned . This is one of the few films which approaches this aspect of the war.Kenneth Palmer
 The movies were great . I love old war movies , and these had great stars and the price was certainly right .
 Good movie enjoyed it very much , Robert Mitchum is a great actor , will look for more movies with him in it .
 The Hunters is excellent picture , with great audio . The Air Base I was stationed at during Korea is even mentioned.I would recomend this story to all .
 Consider the whole attitude about showing sex in the 1950 's while this movie implies the relationship between &#34; Mrs. Abbott and Cleve . &#34; Much different than today . Ariel scenes are good considering what they had to work with . This movie is real &#34; George . &#34; much different that the book .
 All movies about the second world war & Korean war fit nicely in my library . Unlike most of the Junk made post 2000 , I enjoy even the OLD movies made without color . With a few exceptions , the junk now passed before us just will not jerk my chain .
 I saw this movie once -- in 1958 , at age 11 , in a Saturday matinee . Like the other kids in the theater , I enjoyed the action scenes a lot and ignored the romance stuff.I bought the movie this month and watched it again . This time I enjoyed the whole thing . Excellent performances by Robert MItchum , Robert Wagner , May Britt , Richard Egan , and Lee Philips . A love triangle in the middle of a war , a daring rescue mission behind enemy lines , and more.I have just one gripe about the DVD
 While not holding up against the special effects of today , I thought this movie was quite good in its portrayal of Korean War air combat . In almost all the scenes , those are real jets doing real maneuvers , which is particularly impressive when they 're close to the ground.The romance between Mitchum and Mary Britt is less than compelling . Director Dick Powell would have been better served by a better actress . Sometimes when watching old movies , particularly from the 50s and 60s , one is simply astonished by the casting choices.Robert Wagner 's character , I have to admit , is so over the top that it actually works . His best line , delivered in a rapid , manic speed
 This movie has always been one of my favorite Korean War films . There were not too many Korean War films that depicted the air war in Korea
 Major Cleve Saville -LRB- Robert Mitchum -RRB- seems to have been made for war . Just as some men are good at sales or good at sports , he is good at killing . He has been hardened over the years over WWII and is a good commander . During the Korean War , he is assigned two young men to fly as his wingmen
 Though I was not yet a teenager , I recall aspects of the Korean `` War '' . Recall the A-Bomb drills we had in elementary school and the bomb shelters some people were building . But most of all I remember the F-86 Sabre jets , and though our capabilities were directly attributable to the work the Germans had done in WWII with jet aircraft , the swept wing F-86 was some piece of work . To see one today one must generally go to a museum or watch a movie such as THE HUNTERS . Just as the Grumman Panther can only be seen in a movie such as THE BRIDGES OF TOKI RI -LRB- another Korean era film -RRB- F-86s only come alive through the filming of THE HUNTERS.I first saw this movie when it came out to movie theatres , and though I did not serve in the Air Force , it caused me by 1961 to serve in the military . We were a patriotic group back then , and many of us wanted to serve , with films such as this egging us on . Down through the years this particular film has remained one of my favorites and now with the DVD I can take it out to watch whenever.If you enjoy `` war classics '' as they are now called , then this movie with its plot and subplots may bring you enjoyment . Even in my mid-60s it still remains for me quite a film . Much later I learned that James Salter , author of the book , THE HUNTERS , was a pilot who flew the F-86 in combat and the book is based on his experiences . And as I say , the F86s of the movie are worth watching all in themselves.Semper Fi .
 This is one of the better action/adventure/war stories about the Korean War . Robert Mitchum plays a WW2 retread called back to fly jets in Korea . Does he have the right stuff . . ??? ... Is he a `` Hunter '' . . ??? ... flying sequences to rival Top Gun ... dated and filmed in Southern Calif -LRB- probably -RRB- . The bad guys fly F84 's and the good guys fly F86 's ... you 'll love the `` Crapshooter '' with 7-11 and a pair of dice painted on his plane ... good story if you can not be too technical and picky about the limited dollars spent on production ... lots of action .
 My husband had been bugging me to order this film . He really enjoyed it , and I like it because it has Robert Mitchem in it .
 This is basically fiction , but it is a realistic account of the air war over Korea . The aircraft are authentic as the movie was made in 58 . F-84Fs do a good job portraying the Mig-15s , and the Sabres are incredible as always . The Air Force put a great deal of effort in helping make this movie , and it was the fifties equivalent of `` top Gun '' . Seeing this as a small boy with my dad on TV -LRB- he saw it in the theater in 58 when I was a yr old -RRB- is what prompted my life long interest in military aviation . It 's a well done movie despite the few corny romantic scenes , and is well written with characters loosely based on actual pilots .
 Several of the other reviews think that the Lt. Pell character -LRB- Robert Wagner -RRB- is n't believable . But , I first saw the movie soon after it was released ; my Dad took me -- and the big attraction to him was that during the Korean War he had actually met the F-86 driver who was the basis for Lt. Pell . In his opinion , Wagner was just like the real guy . Some time after that there was a get together at our house where several more USAF pilots talked over the movie -- at least one other either knew him or knew of him , and agreed in that opinion . I no longer remember the original `` Pell 's '' name , but did hear . So , do n't be too critical of that portrayal ! By the way , all those pilots back then loved the flying scenes , but thought the overall war story was a bit Hollywood -- they were all combat vets so they knew from personal experience on both counts !
 My husband has been looking for this , he enjoys old war movies When I saw it I purchased it for his Birthday
 this product was delivered on time and was new as advertized . I am collecting all of the world war two and korean war action movies with fighter aircraft . This movie will be added to my collection .
 This is a quite nice little war movie about a group of American fighter pilots during Korean War . It is an adaptation of a novel , `` The Hunters '' by James Salter . I admit that I did n't read the book , but it has very good reviews - and most people stress the point that it is much better than the film.The story is relatively simple . A renowned fighter pilot , World War II ace and instructor -LRB- we know he spend years as member of US military mission to Greece , training local pilots -RRB- , major Cleve Saville -LRB- Robert Mitchum -RRB- , is affected to a squadron of F-86 Sabres in Korea . He is part of a wave of reinforcements destined to `` harden '' fighter units , after the Chinese send to the front improved versions of MiG-15 , manned by pilots who recently underwent an intensive upgrading training in Soviet Union . Major Saville will command a flight of four F-86 . His three subalterns are Lieutenant Corona -LRB- John Gabriel -RRB- , an almost supernaturally calm young pilot ; Lieutenant Abbott -LRB- Lee Philips -RRB- , a courageous man but with quite serious issues ; and finally Lieutenant Pell -LRB- Robert Wagner -RRB- , an amazingly skilled and almost pathologically brave pilot , but also an absolute `` pain in the neck '' in every other aspect ... The day of his arrival in Japan and just before being shipped to Korea , major Saville meets a somehow mysterious young Norvegian woman and becomes instantly fascinated by her - and the attraction is mutual , at least to some extent . And then , just before things go too far , he learns , that this young woman is actually the wife of his wingman , Lt. Abbott ... All of that happens in the first minutes of the film - and from that moment on , the story progresses on two fronts -LRB- sorry , I could n't resist -RRB- . First , there is the war in the airs over the Yalu river , with the F-86 keeping watch over the bombing and close-support missions in support of United Nations troops in the peninsula . And then there is a much subtler -LRB- but almost as dangerous -RRB- game of attraction/rejection , suggestion/manipulation , seduction/transaction , `` catch me if you can '' , etc. , between major Saville and Kristina Abbott ... The character of `` Kriss '' Abbott is a very , very interesting one . Swedish actress May Britt -LRB- she later married Sammy Davis Jr , after converting to Judaism -RRB- plays her with great skill - and she also gives her character a very special accent -LRB- supposedly Norvegian -RRB- , which makes things even MORE interesting ! It is a special charm of those older films , that women played extremely dangerous , mysterious , almost snakelike vixens , when in the same time maintaining on the surface the demeanor of perfect ladies ... The tensions rising around the triangle `` Saville/Abbott/his wife '' are also a very interesting thing to watch.As you can see by simply looking at the cover of the DVD , things will finally have to land somewhere - and it will be a very harsh landing for some ... I will not provide spoilers here , but the second part of the film is quite surprising - and no , it is not by mistake , that in a film about fighter pilots one of the characters is shown in dirty infantry winter clothing , holding a Soviet-made PPSh-41 sub-machine gun -LRB- weapon used in Korean war by many North Korean and Chinese soldiers ... -RRB- . The ending is not easy and not exactly as we could expect it - and I will say nothing more about it.The success of the film was probably helped by a good working relation between Mitchum and the director , Dick Powell . For most of his career an actor in musicals , he started directing only in the middle of the 50s and in 1957 he and Robert Mitchum made together `` The enemy below '' , one of the best and most tense war films about submarines . This complicity certainly helped them to make `` The hunters '' into a fairly good film . Sadly , their cooperation ended soon after , as Powell felt grievously ill and finally after a courageous battle died from cancer in 1963 . A special mention goes to the images of air combats - they are quite well done , for a film made in 1958 . For lack of genuine MiG-15 fighters , the director used Republic F-84 Thunderstreaks , American fighters looking a little like those famous Soviet planes , which missed the Korean War by a couple of months . Multinational character of United Nations troops is underlined - and the images of Japan in the Year of Grace 1953 are also quite interesting.So all in all , although not really an immortal masterpiece , this is a very honest , quite interesting war film . I spend a nice evening watching it - and it is a MUST for all fans of Robert Mitchum ! Enjoy !
 What makes this movie especially interesting , at least to aviation enthusiasts , are the splendid sequences of the classic North American F-86 Sabre Jet of Korean War fame . Some actual combat footage shows them fighting the Russian Mig 15 , although most of the enemy aircraft are actually American-made Republic Thunderjets repainted to look like Chinese/North Korean Migs . The story is good enough to hold one 's interest , but the real joy is to be found in the flying sequences .
 I purchased this DVD for my Dad who not seen this movie in about 40 yrs . I watched it with him @ his home half expecting to be bored . BUT ... was I wrong !!! My Dad lives in Casa Grande AZ , and I live in Surprise AZ. . It reminded me of home , -LRB- of course many yrs . later than the movie -RRB- as I live about 3-4 miles of Luke AFB . Great action , cool story , and great air combat footage . By the way , Robert Wagner is a hoot . Have never seen him in a movie with him being this young . Two thumbs up !!!!! -LRB- By the way , I am 45 yrs . old -RRB- ...
 I saw this movie at the Theatre when I was 12 years old . Thought is was great then and was surprised to find it available on DVD . Of course , it 's not as `` high tech '' as Top Gun and the like , but was still fun to watch , especially for personal reasons .
 outstanding Korean war jet fighter action . the combat scenes are very exciting and staged between F-86 Sabre jets and realistic mock-ups of Mig 15s using F-84 Thunderjets . the story line is easy to digest and definately romanticizes jet warfare . Robert Mitchum is a great anchor to the story , but the corny almost-love affair with one of his fliers wives could have been left out . Robert Wagner is a young brash beat-nick pilot who grows up quick after being shot down and evading capture . the movie is fun , realistic , and has some good action in it .
 My Dad did some of the flying in the movie , so that is why I got the movie . He was a fighter pilot . The movie was good . The flying was done over AZ and NV .
 This is definitely a `` better-than-average '' war film , and is better than most of the Korean War oriented films . Robert Mitchum and Robert Wagner were perfectly cast for their roles in this fast-moving and exciting film . As is the case with other reviewers , I did not place much stock or value in the `` romantic sub-plot , '' nor did I intend to . The relationship among Mitchum , his wingman , and his wingman 's wife was merely a catalyst for exploring how personalities and related behaviors play important roles in combat effectiveness . Also , the maturing of a cocky young pilot -LRB- Wagner -RRB- was an important , tragic sub-plot . I waited years to see this film to come out on DVD , and it ranks very well against other Mitchum war films , such as `` The Enemy Below , '' `` Heaven Knows , Mr. Allison , '' and others .
 Good Flick . A superior film for those of us that like air war films . This is about the best one of Korea and the F-86 Sabre . The star of the show was the North American F-86 .
 `` The Hunters '' is a well-made , exciting Korean war drama , with the accent on aviation . It has an above-average plot for this type of film , and the whole movie , particularly the aerial sequences , is expertly directed by Dick Powell . If you are interested in combat aircraft , there are many scenes of F-86 Sabre Jets engaging MIGs in dogfight battles to the death.While the planes are great to watch , this film is primarily about human beings caught up in war . It stars Robert Mitchum , and he is terrific -- his fighter pilot character is a born leader , yet he also suspects there is something important missing in his life . He enters into a guilt-ridden relationship with the wife of another pilot , played by lovely May Britt . When there 's a war on though , the feelings of two people are n't worth -- as someone once said -- `` a hill of beans '' . Mr. Mitchum 's main job is to lead a fighter squadron , and satisfy his boss on the ground -- Richard Egan in a strong performance , knowing that every day he may be sending a man to his death.Just to make things even more interesting for Mr. Mitchum , his squadron includes Ms. Britt 's husband -LRB- a paranoid , self-doubting Lee Philips -RRB- and a cocky , young `` hotshot '' who does n't like `` rules '' -LRB- a young , excellent Robert Wagner -RRB- . It would be unfair to reveal more of the plot , but the film is consistently interesting and exciting.The DVD is full screen on one side , and wide-screen on the other . The colour is very good for a 46-year old film . It does not have `` surround sound '' , of course , unlike that 1986 aviation hit , `` Top Gun '' -- then again , `` Top Gun '' did n't have Robert Mitchum ! Tom Cruise has a nice smile -- but , for leadership and grit , I 'd follow Robert Mitchum through the gates of hell ! Actually , I 'll give `` The Hunters '' 4 1/2 stars . Action -- suspense -- romance -- Sabre Jets -- Robert Mitchum -- what more do you want ? Thanks , Fox -- a very nice disc !
 When I was 11 years old , I saw this movie when it was released . In its air combat sequences , The Hunters is the Citizen Kane of all modern air/space combat movies , as revolutionary for its time as Star Wars later was to be for its time . While prior air combat movies had been on the square screens , usually in B&W , The Hunters was filmed in state-of-the art CinemaScope -LRB- widescreen -RRB- and Technicolor . Its air combat sequences -- twisting jets on each other 's tails soaring in mountainous clouds , then diving and roaring a treetop level through valleys -- were brilliantly conceived and breathtakingly executed -- unlike anything that had been seen before . They still hold up with the best ever filmed , although they 've been copied so much -LRB- by movies such as Top Gun and Star Wars -RRB- that they no longer have the knock-your-socks-off novelty that they originally did . Unfortunately , the feel-good screenplay , with a distracting romantic subplot , bears no resemblance to the gritty , macho novel on which it was based . In James Salter 's best-selling novel , the Robert Michum character , Cleve Saville , is a WWII veteran fighter jock who ca n't get a kill to save his soul , then has no witness when his first-and-only kill -LRB- before he himself dies -RRB- is the legendary enemy ace . Hence , The Hunters movie is really a first-rate action-hero fantasy set in wartime . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 `` The Hunters '' -LRB- 1958 -RRB- and `` The Enemy Below '' -LRB- 1957 -RRB- are 2 war movies produced by Dick Powell for 20th Century Fox filmed in Cinemascope both with Robert Mitchum in the leading role.Major Cleve Saville -LRB- Robert Mitchum -RRB- , the squadron commander , is a famous ace and veteran fighter pilot of World War II . He is a career man whose world was his squadron and the men who flew with him . Lt. Pell -LRB- Robert Wagner -RRB- , in the early part of the movie , is a reckless but eventually courageous young jet ace to whom Saville owe his life . Lt. Abbott -LRB- Lee Phillips -RRB- is the confused husband of Kris -LRB- May Britt -RRB- whom Saville falls in love with although their acknowledged desires are never to be fulfilled.The picture is based on the novel `` The Hunters '' by James Salter who is himself a jet ace in the Korean conflict . In the late 50 's long before the development of CGI technology , real fighter jets F-86 Sabrejet and F-84 Thunderjets -LRB- painted gray with a red star to simulate MIG-15 -RRB- were flown in the aerial battle sequence which made it the more realistic than Pearl Harbor -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . I have kept like a treasure a copy of `` The Hunters '' VHS tape and it is pretty worn out by now from years of repeated viewings . Thank you Fox for putting it on DVD ... 46 years after its theatrical release .
 My DVD movie collection does not yet exceed 10 titles , but I had to have this film that I first saw decades ago . As it seldom showed up on TV it was not in my videotape collection . The air combat sequences are as good or better than I remember but I thought there were more of them . Other than Top Gun , this is the only film I can recall where the air combat sequences were obviously flown by US military pilots . If more flying and interaction among the pilots had been substituted for the romantic subplot , I would have given it another star . Fortunately as a DVD can be viewed chapter by chapter , the romatic junk can be skipped and viewers can cut right to the dogfights . Actually I wish the flying sequences had been expanded . The 2 seconds per kill clips of Wagner and Mitchum as they become double aces are analogous to the old baseball movies where a road trip is shown by pennants bearing the names of cities flying past a steam locomotive . Perhaps the movie could have started -LRB- or flashed back to -RRB- WWII action involving Saville and Imil , when Saville was supposedly an immature hot shot like Pell.The planes shown as MIG 15s are actually F-84F Thunderstreaks , manufactured by Republic Aviation . I immediately noticed this discrepancy , as my father was a Republic engineer in the 1950s and designed components of the F-84F -- cockpit air conditioning -- and also the Vietnam era F-105 Thunderchief -- hydraulics for the landing gear . Our old 1951 Plymouth had an F-84F bumpersticker on it and later my heavy one-speed , foot-brake bike -LRB- the type with the wide center sections and the bell button -RRB- was plastered with F-105 stickers . When I was 6 years old the Thunderbirds put on an airshow flying F-84Fs at the main Republic plant on Long Island where my father worked . Using the Thunderstreak was probably the best option given the producers ' obvious goal of showing real jet combat and in in no way detracts from the authenticity or exciitement of the flying sequences . As the film was made in 1958 at the height of the Cold War , I doubt there were sufficient MIGs available to film in air combat sequences in a movie made in the US . In one scene , the film shows about 20 MIGs -LRB- i.e. F-84s -RRB- flying in an echelon . The F-84F was probably chosen because its intake has a vertical divider , as does the MIG-15 , and it is also a swept wing plane . I will watch most any film that emphasizes aviation or space -LRB- I bought The Right Stuff in the same order as this film -RRB- . Accordingly my rating is based to an extent on my personal interests . Mitchum turns in an above-average performance in a role that is tailored to his tough guy with a human side personality -LRB- See e.g. Mitchum as General Norman Cota , deputy commander of the 29th infantry division -- my father 's unit -- in The Longest Day -RRB- and Wagner is entertaining as a slang-spewing , glory-seeking , neophyte , fighter jock who rubs Mitchum the wrong way as they compete to knock down enemy planes . -LRB- Thanks to those of you who corrected my errors on the spelling and command position of Gen. Cota and the casting of the Star Trek episode -RRB- .
 The HUNTERS catches the atttitude of the Fighter Pilot Ace . Great performances by Robert Mitchum , the WWII veteran who wo n't fly a desk and Robert Wagner as the kid `` hotshot '' pilot.Additionally great work by Richard Egan who is Mitchum 's commander and flew with him in WWII . The scenes between Egan and Mitchum are the highlight of great acting in the movie . Perhaps Egan 's best work ever .
 If you enjoyed movies like `` Memphis Belle '' or even `` Top Gun '' then you will enjoy Robert Mitchum and Robert Wagner in `` The Hunters '' . It is a good story , probabaly filmed at the time of the Korean war on location , and the DVD quality is amongst the best that I have encountered .
 This 1958 film stars Robert Mitchum and Robert Wagner as F-86 fighter pilots during the Korean War . The air sequences are stunning and the photography is beautiful -LRB- the crisp blue skies are faithful to author James Salter 's descriptions -RRB- . Excellent combat shots and low level high speed sequences , not seen in other films , including modern works where so much action is `` faked '' . The story is engaging enough , but in a typical ' 50 's fashion , things are a bit too neat ... whether war or extra-marital affairs . Robert Mitchum is Robert Mitchum . The young Robert Wagner turns in a good performance as a rather unlikeable know-it-all . The unknown May Britt is an 8 on the 0-10 `` hot scale '' . A fun film , and probably a must for jet fighter buffs . By the way , if you are a reader , do not let watching this film -LRB- even if the story disappoints you -RRB- discourage you from reading Salter 's quasi-autobiographical novel , The Hunters . Set in the same place and with generally the same characters , the story runs differently and the ending is COMPLETELY different . The little known James Salter is arguably one of the best novelists of the 20th century .5 stars for the uniquely stunning aerial sequences . Recommended -LRB- both the film and the book -RRB- .
 True story of an American Ace in Korea ! They still make them , but they are still few and far between !!! This guy is as good on the ground , as he is in the sky ! He has a young Bud with him , who matures a lot later on -LRB- in real life , too -RRB- , but not at the present moment in the film . I think this movie came before Thunder Road , but both have flying , sort of kinda ! The sad parts are poignant . Some guys will do anything to keep from being a POW !!! If you forget your popcorn , do n't blame me ! If you get angry , do n't blame me ! If you understand a lot more than you did before , blame the movie ! They say a little knowledge is dangerous , though , so maybe you should n't see this movie !
 The film is a good 50 's war film-shipped quickly and arriving ingreat condition.C.M .
 As a retired Air Force pilot , really enjoyed the flying scenes and the film featuring the `` sports car '' of jet fighters -- the F-86 . Story a little corny at times , but overall very entertaining . Never get tired of watching it .
 I like very much the F-86 fighter , due to his pretty body ! Moreover this movie 's story is concerned to the Korean War in 1952 . But I have an unsatisfied feeling that the location of K-13 suwon air-base and the battle field in the movie were not Korea 's land-scape . It was the Japan 's scenery . Nevertheless , the fighting scenes are very wonderful ! by F-86 SAVER and MIG-15 . The Hunters
 Lots of F-86 air combat video and a good cast .
 The movie was recieved in a timly manner , and I have enjoyedviewing the movie several times . I am an Aviation buff , so military movies of thie type are great . I am very pleasedwith the service Amazon.com provides ... Rudy Decker
 This was a new copy , still in wrapping . I am very pleased .
 This is a good movie for the atmosphere it creates . It can be a little slow if your not drawn in but it 's a pretty good movie overall . Psychological & atmospheric is my best description for this movie . Picture quality is excellent and use of color is very good . Not a bad movie to add to the collection . After several dvd releases , they did a gorgeous job on the dvd case artwork . I wish all were like that . I did n't buy this movie for years because I did n't like the way it looked on the cover . That is important and can really sell an old obscure flick . Please , more of that will ya !
 Just watched Daughters of Darkness , and found this to be truly , a genuine forboding creepy movie . It 's not a typical horror movie in the modern sense . No gore effects or jump out scares , but it builds a sense of dread and achieves almost a dreamlike quality near the end . The scenes inside the Hostel are beautifal , very old world European , which adds alot to the atmosphere . If you 're looking for `` LOST BOYS '' type vampires , , you wo n't find them here . This is much more mood driven , but if you 've never seen it , I would reccomend it highly .
 This Director 's Cut of Daughters of Darkness -LRB- 1971 -RRB- has 12 minutes of additional footage including violence and full frontal male and female nudity . It runs 99 min.I bought this DVD after I heard John Karlen plug it at the current Dark Shadows Festivals re-played on You Tube.A young romantic newlywed couple , Stepan -LRB- John Karlen -RRB- and Valerie -LRB- Danielle Ouimet -RRB- , are on their way to a honeymoon getaway on a boat cruise , however their train is delayed by another train that has de-railed . Steph decides they should stay at the Kildor Manor in Osten , Belgium . On the sly , he makes sure they miss their boat connection . Since the hotel does n't get too many guests during the winter months , they are given the suite . They are the only ones in the hotel that is until the Countess Bathory -LRB- Delphine Seyrig -RRB- enters the manor.The hotel clerk -LRB- Paul Esser -RRB- has not seen the Countess since he was a young busboy at that very hotel 40 years ago . She tells him it must have been her mother.She finds the young newlyweds very intriguing . She invites them to dinner.Just what does she have in mind?Also in the cast
 Super stylish , arty , and creepy , `` Daughters Of Darkness '' may very well be the BEST vampire movie ever made , and I 've seen a lot of them . It is a beautifully acted , superby made shocker that has held up over the years . Released in 1971 , it does n't feel like a `` 70s '' movie at all . It has a timeless quality , with its European locales and atmosphere . I was very impressed at seeing it for the first time just recently . For vampire film lovers , `` Daughters Of Darkness '' is a must-own .
 I struggled a bit with how many stars to give this . The quality , both technical and plot , were surprisingly good . The sound and music were super.That said , and this will seem a bit coarse , I like my trash to be trashier than this . When I think `` lesbian vampire , '' I do n't think about it being implied . I think about it being a bit more in my face than in my head.I did like that a bit of the dialogue is in a Rob Zombie song . I had wondered where that sound byte came from . EDIT
 If vampires are an erotic breed , this film brings with it a subdued feeling which pricks the skin . Tame by today 's standards , this film moves with its own classic life . It may be slow in arriving , but it is a journey worth viewing .
 Okay , I am going to make this review short and sweet.I never thought I would be a fan of movies like thisbut after my curiosity drove me to watch Daughters of DarknessI would not have it any other way . Delphine Seyrig is perfectfor the part of the Countess Elizabeth Bathory.Her attitude is excellent and you feel yourself almost beingdrawn to her . This is a must-see movie that will leave youwanting more !
 Daugthers of Darkness is more than a surreal masterpiece.It 's an unforgettable experience.But for when on DVD more of Harry Kumel ` sfilms , as the eerie Malpertuis ? SOS to Amazon to urge who cares for restoring this and other treasures of the seventh art .
 Normally I do n't go for the vampire film where you do n't see the fangs - but in this case the subtly works so well.If you like mood and visuals over plot - and are cool with Jean Rollin type lesbian vampires , then this film is for you . I 'd seen it already years ago on VHS and had to own it on DVD !!
 Daughters of Darkness is a true example of art in horror-movies . A must see and also a chance to hear the music score of one of the greatest composers in the world , Franois de Roubaix . Delphine Seyrig and Andrea Rau ; we have n't seen such strong sexuality in lesbianism since Ingrid Pitt in Vampire Lovers .
 `` Daughters of Darkness '' -LRB- originally titled `` La rouge aux l&egrave;vres '' -RRB- is a 1971 Belgian-French-West German production directed by Harry K&uuml;mel that stars Delphine Seyrig as the Countess Elizabeth -LRB- Erzsebet -RRB- Bathory -LRB- a real historical figure who murdered hundreds of young women in her quest for immortality -RRB- . In the film , Bathory and her young female companion -LRB- Andrea Rau -RRB- cross pathes with a young couple , Valerie and Stefan -LRB- played by Danielle Ouimet and John Karlen - Willie Loomis from TV 's `` Dark Shadows '' -RRB- who are honeymooning during the off-season in Europe . At first the couple seem fairly normal , but things quickly sour , as the woman is shown to be emotionally unstable and the man is very violent and turned on by death . Their relationship is also undermined by homosexuality on both sides . There are intimations that Stefan is in thrall to an older man back in England , and Valerie - of course - soon falls under the spell of the ageless and beautiful Countess Bathory . This mesmerizing and hypnotic film makes brilliant use of sound , mood , and color to paint an understatedly savage tableau , and it has a well-deserved cult following . It 's probably too slow-moving for the average horror movie fan , however . `` Daughters of Darkness '' is very self-consciously an `` art '' film . The carefully constructed images , the nonsensical dialogue , the use of vivid reds and blues , and the extremely deliberate pacing all serve to create a film that - despite a few shockingly strange death scenes - is much closer in spirit to `` Last Year at Marienbad '' than it is to `` The Lost Boys . ''
 Immortal DELPHINE SEYRIG defines elegance -LSB- once again -RSB- in this pre - `` Hunger '' excursion to forbidden territories . If you like mouldy deserted mausoleum-type hotels - -LSB- The Shining ? -RSB- - and off season honeymoons , this one 's for you!Eye candy too from buxom Danielle Ouinet -LSB- she reminds me of beautiful Sharon Tate -RSB- ; and sultry John Karlen as a somewhat confused young newlywed person . Just what is the boy trying to prove ? Stand back , it 's quite daring for 1970 -LSB- and yes , this one 's just a teensy bit kinky too ! -RSB- Composition is delicate - with the occasional splash of crimson -LSB- a sweater , scarf , lipstick , the blood-drop shaped automobile -RSB- , not forgetting Ms. Seyrig 's first few introductory frames - a resurrection of Lillith!Then there 's ANDREA RAU - who also defines style , in or out of clothes . She 's in perfect contrast to Ms. Seyrig 's cool countess.Enjoy this fantasy - a must for those snuggly winter nights !
 One of the better horror films to come out of the '70s . Beautifully photographed , which the blu-ray really allows us to appreciate . Blue Underground did an amazing job with this film . It looks like real film without the smearing and smudging and other junk some blu-ray companies do . The colors are rich and detail is fine.The story follows a couple who meet up with a lady vampire and her younger female companion and the vampires ' attempt at seducing the couple . The film tends to be subtle and has attracted a strong following over the years . To call the nudity tame I guess depends on how much porn you watch , which says a lot about some reviewers here.Anyway , with or without the nudity , the story is interesting , a little slow , and not for all tastes by any means , but if you `` get '' it , it 's rewarding .
 Sometimes it 's better to suspend belief and enjoy the imagesput forward . Who cares if the story does n't make sense?The visual beauty of this film will make you forget all aboutsilly things like plots ! We must remember , Vampires do n't reallyexist everyone ! And if they did , lets hope they are as beautifulas the Countess is in this film . Lush costumes , hair , and make-upcan definatley save many a vampire film as can erie locationsand haunting photography . Reminds one of the Mario Bava filmsof the 60 's but a little hipper.I loved it and all those technical snobs can stuff it !
 A great vampire film dripping with sexuality . In my opinion it is the best ` vampire ' film in the last 30 years .
 It 's still very hard to categorize Harry K&uuml;mel 's 1971 Euro-horror masterpiece DAUGHTERS OF DARKNESS -LRB- Les l&egrave;vres rouges -RRB- . A Belgian co-production primarily geared for English speaking audiences , it tapped into the `` lesbian vampire '' trend that was popular in the period -LRB- `` Vampyros Lesbos '' , `` The Vampire Lovers '' , etc. -RRB- , yet it 's more psychological thriller than titillating lesbian vampire-fest . Meshing a striking 1930 's Art Deco design with a contemporary Seventies setting , DAUGHTERS OF DARKNESS is one of the best examples of Euro-horror aspiring to high art.Young honeymooners Valerie -LRB- Danielle Ouimet -RRB- and Stefan -LRB- John Karlen -RRB- check into an exclusive , yet almost completely empty hotel on the Belgian coastline . Their quickie marriage begins to unravel when the exotic Countess Elisabeth Bathory -LRB- Delphine Seyrig , channeling a latter-day Dietrich -RRB- and her young associate Ilona -LRB- Andrea Rau -RRB- arrive soon after , and move into an adjoining suite . Elisabeth becomes transfixed by the beautiful pair , Valerie especially , and wastes no time in driving a barrier between them -- not exactly a hard thing to do , given that Stefan seems to be carrying his own hefty catalogue of emotional hang-ups and sadistic moodswings.The hotel manager recalls the Countess checking into the hotel over forty years before , looking exactly the same as she does now . Surely he 's mistaking her for somebody else ? Or is she in fact the notorious `` Countess Dracula '' , who bathed in the blood of virgins to satisfy her hunger to remain young for eternity?DAUGHTERS OF DARKNESS is a stunning horror masterpiece . Next to `` Last Year at Marienbad '' and perhaps `` Donkey Skin '' , it 's the film for which Delphine Seyrig is best-remembered . Much has been written about Seyrig 's Countess being loosely based on the Marlene Dietrich persona of the 1930 's , but I also feel that co-star Andrea Rau is similarly channeling Louise Brooks , with her bobbed hair and potent mixture of innocent sexuality . The young lovers Ouimet and Karlen fill their roles beautifully . Filmed on location at several high-end Belgian hotels -LRB- including the Palais des Thermes at Ostend , the Grand Hotel des Thermes ; and the Hotel Astoria -RRB- DAUGHTERS OF DARKNESS is a moody , delicious horror tale you 'll want to revisit again and again .
 This movie is indeed a treat . There are other reviewers refering to its artistic values , so I shall deal with the technical side . This is a worthy transfer
 First to mention are the exciting women in this very 70 ` s film.I liked the style , the clothes and the look of the film ; it ` s all kind of red anyhow , so you get this erotic impression . Although the film is really slow and the effects are very unspecial -LRB- e.g. the glasbowl cutting the arms of stefan etc. -RRB- this film has it ` s own flow and lots of charme . My favorite girl is without a doubt Valerie , when she gets catched from the Countess ` charisma . If you like Vampire films you should definetily see this one .
 I actually enjoyed both movies -LRB- Daughter of Darkness/Blood Splattered Bride -RRB- . As it was a 2-for-1 , it was a bonus ! The prints were decent -LRB- better than I expected , actually -RRB- . I wo n't add anything to reviews already layed down . But , I agree that this is a good collection of early 70 's horror!Today 's kids would howl at this material . But , what do they know ... I rate this 2-for-1 collection
 The only vampire movie I 've ever seen in which one of the vampires -LRB- Andrea Rau -RRB- has highly visible tan lines . But she 's gorgeous .
 This is just a great euro cult classic with beautiful style and a different Vampire movie from the normal . Very Gothic & full of color . A must for serious collectors of this genre ' ,
 Wish I 'd known this work earlier . It 's just too cool for school ! And what a great pity Delphine Seyrig died before enjoying her position as cult heroine !
 This has to be one of the most beautiful and eerie films ever made . Comes close to Nosferatu -LRB- 1979 -RRB- . Delphine Seyrig is just amazing . She 's haunting and beautiful !!!! Great actress !!!! A must in your collection of vampire films or gothic films !!!!
 Daughters of Darkness -LRB- 1971 -RRB- is a hoot ! Delphine Seyrig -LRB- 1932-1990 -RRB- perfectly channels the sixteenth-century Countess Elizabeth Bathory , now living in 1970 . The countess and her companion , Ilona Harzcy , have eyes for Valerie , newly married to Stefan , who has secrets of his own . Interestingly , the real Elizabeth Bathory was accused in the death of an Ilona Harzcy , a minor noblewoman and teenage singer around 1600 . A game cast enlivens this morbid thriller with erotic overtones .
 The real deal . Newlyweds on their honeymoon in Europe are befriended -LRB- ? -RRB- by a mysterious woman and her weird younger female companion . The macho husband -LRB- John `` Dark Shadows '' Karlin -RRB- is put off by her but the wife is mystified and wants to be friendly . This puts a strain on their relationship and the husband becomes abusive which sends the wife right where the strange woman wants her . Of course the Lady 's a vampire descended from the Countess Balthory and has eyes on the girl as her next `` companion '' . The other companion has worn out her tenure . The husband seduces the companion in a sexy shower scene and she accidentally dies a bloody death which really puts a crimp in the honeymoon . Lots of nudity -LRB- including Karlin ! -RRB- and cold modern European atmosphere make this even more interesting . Delphine Seyrig is marvellous as the Lady and Karlin is fine in his thin pre-Cagney & Lacey days . This is a classy film and not as cheesy as it may sound . Sort of Horror as Art if you will . Worth the time to sit and watch . A collector 's item for Euro-horror buffs .
 Since I 've been watching a ton of Eurohorror classics lately , now is as good as a time as any to say a few words about `` Daughters of Darkness . '' I made a vow some time ago to ignore vampire films as a general rule . It 's not that I strongly dislike all vampire films , mind you , but I just feel like the genre has been done to death over the years . How many versions of Dracula can you watch before your eyes start rolling over the predictability of it all ? The plots are all essentially the same , right ? You 've got the obligatory virgin , the dashing young lad , the wizened vampire hunter , and good old Drac himself ambling around in the dark tormenting the others . A bunch of people fall prey to the vampire , the hunter teams up with the young man in an effort to save the young girl , and a stake through the old ticker pretty much wraps the whole thing up . Well , a bit of experience reveals quite a few films that play around with this tried and true formula . One way to accomplish something different , if these European flicks are any indication , is to punch up the proceedings with a generous helping of bare flesh . There 's nothing like a bunch of gals trooping around in revealing outfits , or no outfits at all , to perk up the dreary old Stoker legend . And if you can make the head vampire a woman , that certainly ca n't hurt either . Welcome to `` Daughters of Darkness . `` Something weird and wonderful is going on in this movie , but you have to wait awhile to see it . The picture starts out by showing us two freshly wedded lovebirds , Valerie -LRB- Danielle Ouimet -RRB- and Stefan -LRB- John Karlen -RRB- , heading to the European coast on a train . Ostensibly , the two married in secret and are now going to head over to England to meet Stefan 's domineering mother . Valerie worries whether the woman -LRB- ha ! -RRB- will accept her since Stefan makes it abundantly clear that his beloved mother is quite picky about her son 's girlfriends . Stefan assures Valerie all will go well , but it soon becomes apparent that he is n't hurrying to get to England . While waiting for the ship that will take them home , the two check into a massively creepy hotel on the coast . No other guests are staying in the building since it 's out of season , so Valerie and Stefan have the beautiful building all to themselves . That is until Countess Elizabeth Bathory -LRB- Delphine Seyrig -RRB- and her beautiful companion Ilona -LRB- Andrea Rau -RRB- arrive on the scene in a vintage automobile . Most of us are aware that Elizabeth Bathory was a notorious sixteenth century Hungarian noblewoman who supposedly kept herself eternally young by bathing in vats filled with the blood of young maidens . Unfortunately , Valerie and Stefan do n't make the connection.Still , the newlyweds grow increasingly aware that something is n't right with the beautiful countess . First , it 's rather odd that the hotel manager claims that he remembers Countess Elizabeth showing up at the hotel nearly fifty years before looking exactly as she does now . Second , she 's downright creepy . There 's something hidden behind her horrific grin that makes you want to scream . Second , the Countess Elizabeth takes an incredible interest in the activities of the couple . She always seems to appear whenever Stefan and Valerie leave their room , grinning that horrible grin and cooing like a cat over the two newlyweds . Bathory seems to have an eye for the beautiful Valerie , too , which makes sense when we discover exactly why Ilona follows her around like a puppy . It turns out history made a mistake about the blood vats , not recognizing or refusing to record that Bathory was really a vampire with a penchant for young gals . She 's roamed Europe for over three hundred years playing the same bloody game , a game that now threatens to rip apart forever this hapless couple . In no time at all , Elizabeth manages to drive a wedge between the Stefan and Valerie , recruit the latter to her thirsty cause , and wreak a whole heck of a lot of havoc in the hotel.You just got ta love this film . `` Daughters of Darkness '' is one of the best vampire films I have ever seen for a multitude of reasons . The primary reason the picture succeeds is due to the amazing talents of Delphine Seyrig . Who is this enchanting woman and where has she been all my life ? I love this lady ! She manages to make her character insanely gorgeous and metaphysically eerie at the same time . She slinks around in shimmering outfits dropping suggestive comments , tells horribly gory stories , winks , and grins with the greatest of ease . And her fate at the end of the film is gruesome and disturbing . Just as good as Seyrig is the oppressive atmosphere of the hotel and the desolate surroundings . Characters move around outside under overcast skies and through pouring rain . Forests nearby are dense and spooky . Every set piece seems to telegraph a sense of impending doom for the film 's participants . Finally , you simply wo n't believe your eyes when Stefan calls his mother on the phone . What was director Harry Kumel thinking here ? What an incredibly bizarre scene to insert into the picture ! Oh man , you just wo n't comprehend the insanity of it ! `` Daughters of Darkness '' deserves five stars for its amazing performances and over the top antics . I ca n't thank Blue Underground enough for releasing this treasure on DVD . While the print transfer occasionally suffers from some minor blemishes and fading colors , most of the movie looks great . Extras include two commentary tracks , radio spots , a trailer , stills , and an interview with Andrea Rau . Run , do n't walk , to pick up a copy of this underrated gem .
 The notion of `` vampirism '' has always had ties to dark and forbidden sides of human sexuality , and has served as metaphor for homosexuality , nymphomania , and maochism . The sexual revolution of late 60 's and early 70 's produced a bevy of erotic , `` lesbian '' vampire films , in which their creators were able to graphically exploit all manner of sexual taboos that had only been hinted at previously . DVDs have given us a wonderful cross-section of these forbidden fruits from Jess Franco 's psychedelic Vampiros Lesbos to the surreal-dreamy trappings of Jean Rollin 's Shiver Of The Vampires , but Daughter 's of Darkness is for many -LRB- myself included -RRB- is the cream of the crop.Daughter 's is kind of a hybrid between Sheridan Fornau 's often-filmed vampire story , Carmilla , and the many legends and exploits of real-life `` vampire '' Elizabeth Bathory . Brought into the present , the film begins with the arrival of two newlyweds , Stephan & Valerie -LRB- John Karlen & Danielle Quimet -RRB- , to a gloomy and mostly deserted beachfront hotel in Belgium . From the onset we observe all is not right with this union , Stephan refuses to tell his `` mother '' of their marriage and is revealing an aloof and sadistic temperament , which Valerie mournfully tolerates . Out of the night arrives the Countess Elizabeth Bathory -LRB- Delphine Seyrig -RRB- and her sultry companion/accomplice Ilona -LRB- Andrea Rau -RRB- . The Countess takes an immediate , carnal interest in the young newlyweds , and especially in Valerie . Meanwhile there seems to be a rash of murders in the nearby villages in which the young female victims have been drained of all their blood . Before long the countess and her reluctant companion have seduced the troubled newlyweds , and this is where the fun begins.Though many erotic vampire films of the time boast tantalizing visuals & copious nudity , director Harry Kummel clearly meant Daughters of Darkness to be more than a thinly veiled soft-core `` art film '' . Not that it 's minus these elements , Daughters ' is quite explicit , but it 's also a sophisticated and highly styled horror film laced with bewildering moments of black-comedy . In short , it 's delightfully European.As the ageless and decadent Elizabeth Bathory , Euro-star Delphine Seryig is without peer . More often than not , female erotic-vampires are portrayed as baleful , unwilling victims of their own desires , but not Elisabeth . The Countess takes great pride in her wickedness , and done-up like a thirties Marline Dietrich , Seyrig is believable and amusing , but never corny as she gleefully corrupts all that she touches.Blue Underground 's anamorphic transfer of Daughters is a vast improvement over the early Anchor Bay edition . Though utilizing the same source , Blue Undergrounds mastering is sharper , the colors are more stable and it 's free of the bleeding and artifacts that plague the previous release . It still contains the commentary track with male lead John Karlen , but raises the stakes greatly with an additional commentary track with director Harry Kumel , an onscreen interview with actress Andrea Rau , an excellent theatrical trailer , radio spots , and a poster and still gallery . Priced at $ 20 -LRB- or less -RRB- this is an essential up-grade for Euro-horror fans and an excellent entry for the Euro-curious .
 This is one of those movies from the days when local stations ran horror movies on Saturday afternoons , stations that -- alas ! -- have since aligned with upstart networks and now run infomercials all day . Mostly they 'd run the great films from Hammer Studios , the Japanese monster movies like `` Godzilla , '' and , of course , the '50s B-movies like `` Them . '' Every now and then , though , they 'd show this truly creepy little gem . Now , of course , as an adult I recognize this as an ` Art Film ' but then it was just eerie , creepy , and totally different -- especially when compared to the typical vampire and other monster movies where the hero gets the girl and the monster gets killed/destroyed . A horror movie done as an art film , there 's a lot going on that the viewer either has to guess , assume , or be left wondering about . In that sense , `` Daughters of Darkness '' foreshadows the modern Japanese horror films like `` Ringu '' or `` Uzumaki '' where you 're left with unanswered questions , the kind that make you check to make sure the doors are locked . Blue Underground did a fantastic job with this DVD transfer , and it 's great to be able to see this movie in its entirety instead of edited for TV . The only thing missing is Delphine Seyrig singing the title theme at the beginning of the movie -LRB- '' ... Do n't let the sunlight find you , or you may fade and die . '' -RRB- . Where 'd that go ?
 `` Daughters of Darkness '' crackles with repressed sexual energy and barely suppressed libidinous desire in a way uncommon for an early 1970 's horror film . Eschewing the somewhat vulgar and obvious treatment of the same story by Hammer , made as `` Countess Dracula '' , Belgian director Harry Kumel opts for an overly symbolic aesthetic that self consciously emulates European art cinema . The similarities to Alain Resnais ' `` Last Years in Marienbad '' are notable in relation to casting , but also in the strangely isolated and ethereal hotel setting . Kumel also experiments with time and space in a non linear way . This is not to say that his film makes no narrative sense , in fact it easy to follow , but symbolic representations of time signified by the countess herself makes one question not only the films reality but also its temporality . Kumel also makes use of an intriguing colour scheme which privileges reds and greens as symbols of death , decay , but also regeneration . Perhaps the films most impressive aspect though is its almost total rejection of the iconography of the horror genre . For example we see no fangs , we so no drinking of blood , no familiars , in fact by the films conclusion we are not even 100 % sure there has been any vampirism . This is a great film because Kumel takes exploitation material -LRB- lesbianism and vampirism -RRB- and places them in the background , preferring to privilege mood , ambience and an artistic formal strategy.Blue Underground 's DVD presents the film fully restored and uncut and in a sumptuous transfer . Also included in this edition is another treatment of the Countess Bathory story , the rather more exploitative `` Blood Spattered Bride '' , this is a perfectly acceptable effort , but with a stronger emphasis on nudity and violence ... But there is nothing wrong with that .
 This is a well-executed vampire film with a number of very good ingredients thrown in . The lead role of the seductive countess is well played by Delphine Seyrig , and she leads a small but attractive cast of actors who all perform convincingly and are also enjoyable to look at . The movie is set in a bleak European winter that offers little by way of great scenery . The plot centres around a young newlywed couple on their way to England who get sidetracked and find themselves staying at an empty seaside resort . Here the husband starts to reveal the first hints of his slightly sadistic and perverse nature . Shortly afterwards , a Hungarian countess with a mysterious past arrives with her female assistant and they immediately start taking an unnatural interest in the newlyweds . The Hungarian countess is actually a blood drinking vampire and when she decides to thrust herself upon the unwary couple in a quest for fresh blood she finds that the husband is somewhat more forthcoming than his beautiful wife . An accidental death follows and then things start going out of control.Despite the inclusion of frontal nudity , lesbian erotic undertones and a certain amount of blood and gore , this is no exploitation movie . The production is polished and the acting accomplished . The movie is somewhat of a slow burn that builds and maintains a good amount of atmosphere . For lovers of the vampire genre there are enough touches of class in this to warrant multiple viewing .
 Stefan , a British aristocrat with sadistic tendencies , and the beautiful Valerie , a simple girl , have eloped and are on their way home to break the news to Stefan 's mother . However , Stefan is hesitant to bring his wife to see his mother as he delays the trip back to England on purpose by making up stories . The newlyweds decide to stay in an extravagant hotel on the seaside while Stefan attempts to buy some time . Stefan and Valerie are the only guests at the hotel besides the flamboyant Countess Bathory and her seductive secretary since it is off-season . During the stay the Countess Bathory has taken a liking to the couple and begins to seduce them both as she begins setting her wicked plan into action.Daughters of Darkness is a vampire tale with a malevolently chilly and sexually tense atmosphere that haunts the mind with its subtle approach as K&uuml;mel avoids the popular approach of vampires . The vampires do not sleep in coffins nor attack the necks of their victims with sharpened elongated teeth . Instead K&uuml;mel disguises the threat of evil behind courteous behavior , alluring charm , and vivid gesticulations that become passionately seductive for the characters in the film . In addition , the mise-en-scene is strongly suggestive and vibrant colors are used in order to enhance the bewitching atmosphere that is viewed by the audience . This leaves the viewer with an uneasy , but artistic cinematic experience that selective audiences will appreciate .
 There must be some subliminal message in this movie that I respond to . I have watched it over and over . The Countess is so beautifully evil ; she made me fall under her spell . I have heard her described as a `` Satanic Auntie Mame '' . She makes evil so seductive and fun . Even though I have a dark obessesion fop this movie , freinds I have shown it to describe it as boring and slow . -LRB- Hang on , talking about it made me get up and put it in the DVD player again -RRB- . It 's not for everyone , at least give it a try .
 Unfortunately the dvd reviews and the blu ray reviews are together on this site . There is a huge difference in quality between this blu ray and the dvd version . This movie has never looked so good , it 's been restored and blue underground did a fantastic job on this one ! The extras are the same with interviews and documentary type stuff in standard definition . The bonus movie is the unrestored ` the blood splattered bride ' which has a decent print to be sure but is not restored and is only in standard def . which you could buy as a seperate blu underground dvd but here it 's extra . It would have been great to see that restored in high def though . This company really does a top notch job of taking older movies and making them look great on blu ray . Ok , so now you know this is not like ` kellys heroes ' from warner brothers which is a unrestored mess , this is worth getting in high def if you like this type of movie . It 's a europeon lesbian vampire movie , and being that it was the early seventies , sometimes image outways plot . But the plot is basic anyways , it 's based on carmilla the lesbian vamp story . Now this one is n't as great as ` vampyres ' but both are of their seventies era . This is n't a type of action vampire movie from today , instead it 's a slower tale of seduction and erotic gothic horror . It is almost a art movie in some ways and this will leave some viewers not happy . But patience is worth it in these type of movies . That being said you have to be in the mood for this type of movie unlike lets say the more straight forward ` countess dracula ' starring ingrid pitt which is from this same era . Both movies borrow countess bathorys evil name , she was a real vampire who along with her coven of witches killed 600 people to bathe in their blood . She did this to stay young . she also enjoyed torturing people and was finally walled up alive in her castle in HUngary back in the 1500 's or so . Her story is so horrible that her name lives on in lots of movies but her real story has n't been told . She 's one of histories most evil women . Oh yeah they burned all the witches around her . for once they were real dark arts ones ! not some poor wiccans or other innocents . Still this movie has her as a real vampire who is looking for love and such in todays world and it 's artflick vamps with some nudity on blu for you .
 I 'm delighted this will be available on DVD . I watched it on VHS a long , long time ago . I 'd heard about it in various books on vampire films and haunted every video store I could find to locate a viewing copy . When I finally found it , I watched it with the enthrallment of the very young with the object of an obsession . Based loosely on the story of Elisabet Bathory , this `` contempory '' tale is of a young newly wed couple who are seduced by a mysterious woman whose interest in them is predatory.Compared to current movie fare , this is extremely tame with it 's allusions to S&M ; and chic debauchery , but the european elegance of the film will satisfy the die hard vampire film fan who enjoys the older movies that defined the genre in the late 60s and into the 70s . Not as openly sexual as the lush offerings of a Hammer film , it has it 's own more subtle erotic charm .
 Oh yeah , the melancholy eurorock soundtrack , Mr. Karlen 's post-Beatles bangs and insectoid shades , driving through a Dutch forest at dawn , these are the essentials one ought to really savor , not whether the lebianism is erotic enough , nor whether the vampirism convincing . Speaking of Karlen , if one thumbs through any Japanese comic from the 70 's , one realizes he is the embodiment of the male manga hero . Just for that you should own this flick . Ok , so the movie is no Do n't Look Now ... but does it really matter ? And for the very cultured person who thinks Blade is a good movie , I hope Wesley Snipes cuts him in half . The problem , as I see it , is too many of the wrong kind of people watch and comment on this film . It 's either the Goth/Anne Rice crowd , the eurotrash perve , or the art dweeb . Give it up y' all , this movie should be filed next to Le Mans under `` K '' for KILLER HAIR AND MUSIC . By the way , I got the VHS , and it is nice not to have to see the pixels . Plus , any movie with a white mink coat in it already deserves 3 stars , so this is easily 4 stars .
 This was an amazing movie . The understatement -LRB- the word `` vampire '' is n't even mentioned -RRB- , the wide angle shots of the dull drab scenery , and the music all were completely fab ! It 's a very bleak movie , with few characters , but it is absolutely fascinating . The lush backdrop of the hotel , and the empty town is gorgeous - it reminds me of `` The Shining '' . Watch out for the countess , everyone !
 We 've read about the `` artiness '' of `` Daughters of Darkness , '' its lesbian themes , its hommage to `` Marienbad '' in the person of Delphine Seyrig -LRB- whose marcelled coif gives her more the look of a 1970s Jean Harlow than anyone previously associated with the genre -RRB- . I 'd rather focus on something else -- the film 's confused handling of the Elizabeth Bathory legend.While an entire mystique has developed around Bathory , let 's remember that she was a real person , who actually believed that bathing in virgins ' blood would sustain her youthful beauty . Perverse , in other words , but strictly material -- there was nothing supernatural about her.The problem with `` Daughters , '' though , is not that it reinterprets Bathory as a supernatural being . Bram Stoker was guilty of the same thing in his reconfigured version of Vlad Tepes . But at least Stoker was consistent -- he reinvented `` Dracula '' in his own terms , and did not arbitrarily mix the supernatural laws governing one sort of vampire with those of another.By contrast , `` Daughters '' mixes legends . Why , for example , do we hear a sudden outburst of `` cue music '' when Stefan accidentally nicks his neck shaving ? It 's obviously a moment that director Kumel carefully prepares us for , but the strategem backfires , because the Countess is not that sort of vampire.Why , moreover , does the Countess hold a seemingly supernatural , Svengali-like hold over her victims , rather than merely erotic control ? And why does she keep `` reincarnating '' in body after body , when this , too , has no connection with either Bathory or conventional vampire lore?Why , too , does `` Ilona '' recoil from a shower near the end of the film ? Her fear of running water has us connecting Bathorian vampirism with the Stokeresque variety , but for no legitimate reason.On top of all this , it 's left unexplained why John Karlen should at one point be incited by a thunderstorm to flagellate his mistress . What 's this -- a reference to Sturm und Drang , or another mysterious link with the Countess ? If the latter , then it would probably be the result of the Countess 's interest in Valerie -- therefore , it would make more sense for Valerie to be attacking Stefan , not the other way around.And why , when the Countess first meets Pierre , does he say she looks `` just like '' a woman who visited the hotel 40 years ago ? Since he 's obviously referring to the same woman , would n't any self-respecting vampire have changed her hairstyle since the Depression era ? Pretty gauche , if you ask me.Despite these flaws , I love `` Daughters of Darkness '' for its beautifully decadent mood , its characters ' talent for self-destruction , its unique score , and the incredibly luscious Andrea Rau in the role of `` Ilona . '' I 've watched the film repeatedly for the last 14 years , and it 's never lost its power . Which only shows that there are sometimes more important things in a film than logic .
 Most well-known for its gloriously eerie effects and bizarre artful atmosphere , this film is perhaps one of the best of those which portray vampires as mysterious gloomy entities rather than everyday haywire villains to be chased down by the errant Saturday-morning superhero.The plot is tight and the casting is outstanding . The sets and the camera work is really top-notch , both for 1971 -LRB- the film 's release -RRB- and today . If you enjoy things which have to do with the vampires as known in the early 1900 's , you will enjoy this fiml .
 My grandson loves airplanes and he was mesmorized by the photography . Although the storyline was a bit flat , overall it is a great dvd to have .
 I got this thinking it was only 3D IMAX shots , but was actually incorporated a story to make it a sort-of movie . Yes , the actors are average -LRB- and unknowns -RRB- and the story is cheesy but the 3D is absolutely incredible especially if you like flying . Just do n't expect too much and you will be pleased . Oh , and the surround sound is top notch too , but IMAX movies have been good at that . A plus it that it is something the kids will enjoy -LRB- and is G rated -RRB- .
 I have never see it but looking forward to see it though . I hope it turn out good . And funny at time .
 The Trailer played fine on my Device . More to the point why would anyone rate a free movie trailer ? I 'm doing it because I 'm curious why you would give a free trailer a negative review because Amazon or more likely your internet connection was slow that day .
 If you want the history of the country of Colombia during the 1980s during the hey day of the cocaine wars this is the movie to watch . He is either a demon or an angel and turned the lives of millions of people around either good or bad .
 Excellent and remarcable , based on true facts ! Very accurate accurate and informational ! Showed both sides of the pioneer and smartest Cocaine Lord of the twentieth century !!
 came in good time and good shape no problems with payment or the dvd . can not say i was impressed on the movie its self .
 Rented this at my local Redbox not expecting too much and was really surprised with how fun and entertaining this movie was ! An angry grizzly seeks revenge on a bunch of dumb city slickers looking for a short cut through the woods . I do n't know if anyone remembers OPEN WATER -LRB- divers attacked by a shark -RRB- , but this is like OPEN WATER with a bear !!! If you are looking for some fun , mindless entertainment , check this one out !!!
 Bear is a very good movie , full of action and unexpected scenes . I love this movie and would recommend ! You will love this movie as well ... do not let the cover or title fool you , this movie is full of secrets and action . Very pleased .
 I ENJOYED THIS MOVIE.THEY DO N'T MAKE MANY NATURE REVENGE MOVIES.IT WAS REFRESHING TO SEE SOMETHING DIFFERENT LIKE THIS BEAR REVENGE MOVIE .4 STARS 4 ME .
 Although the adorable little boy at the core of this movie is barely seen , without him there would be no story . This is a movie about the love of a father for a son . In Chinese religion . I believe parents need children to honor them after death for religious reasons . Therefore , this is more than just a father-child love movie ; it is also somewhat a religious movie and that adds to the father 's desires for his son . The main value of the movie , first , is the glimpse it gives of Chinese culture . Second , it shows common emotional experiences for all races . Third , it shows some of the problems caused by illegal immigration . All are good reasons to watch the movie .
 I found this film really mesmerizing . As the other reviewer states , honoring one 's parents is pretty central in Chinese culture and this is a film about a man whose son is alienated and taken away from him . There were a few scenes that were obviously staged and somewhat stilted -LRB- for example when he rides his motorcycle up toward a group of children crossing the street , jamming on his brake at the last minute , and they all simply stop and stare at him with nobody saying a word -- that was quite fake -RRB- , but overall the filming was interesting and the character remained consistent . The angles and shots of actors from behind or behind mosquito nets added to the sense of loss . The main actor was really amazing and I almost believed -LRB- but not quite -RRB- that the really pretty girl fell in love with him enough to sacrifice everything . I would give this one 3.6 stars and maintain that it 's an interesting window into Chinese culture and family life .
 We both loved it and will probably watch it again . We are both cat people . We are now watching Series 1 . Somehow we missed it when I went through the list .
 I can not speak highly enough of about the wonderful Big Cat series -LRB- known in the U.S. as Big Cat Diary -RRB- . There is none of the alienating distance most nature shows present . You get to know the cats , their cubs , and the hosts . It makes all the difference . I recommend this series to those who love nature shows and big cats , of course , but even more to those who are bored by the typical National Geographic stuff .
 Great series , do n't know why they stop making episodes . Was upset when Animal planet stop showing episodes and glad that it became available on Amazon .
 I love this documentary about the `` big cats . '' Very well done . You will experience the thrill of the wild from the comfort of your couch by engaging with the people and the animals , especially the lions who are the stars of the film . The male lions are magnificent . They add extraordinary beauty to the wild nature . The lionesses are also very beautiful on the magnificent African plains -LRB- where most people will never go -RRB- . Understanding animal behavior , why they do what they do , and all the ramifications of their behavior in the wild opens the mind to new vistas of perception , with superior intellectual perspicuity , and broader horizons of appreciation for such magnificent creatures . This video series will help you go and experience nature in all its glory and wildness .
 Informative and entertaining , Big Cat Diary can be watched by anyone . You really get a sense that the teams that made this series has a deep passion for wildlife . The focus is on the cats , but the team makes sure you know about everything that encompasses their ecosystem , including competition , prey items , and just other animals in general . The series becomes addicting as you genuinely want to see what happens to the different families .
 Why is it so hard for the producers to put this GREAT series in aUSA format ??? It is an exelcent show and I always watch when it 's on . Come on guys get with the program so we in the USA can buy ourcopy . I 'm sure there are LOTS of people out there waiting.Catlady
 I really love this show . It has to be one of the best documentaries on these animals that I have ever watched . But it is a bit frustrating that the series has n't been put out in US format . There are so many people watching it over here that it would be nice to be able to buy it rather than having to try to tvio it and hope you can get all the episodes in order.Does anyone know if it will be put out in US format ?
 Golly , why ca n't they offer this incredible series in Region 1 -LRB- US -RRB- format ?!!??!!??!! I have been watching reruns of this series for months now and make sure I TiVo even those I 've seen a while ago , that 's how much I love this series . The filmmakers and commentators are sincere and highly involved with their particular cats although they know never to interfere no matter how tough it can get to stay out of what happens.This is such great film-making that deserves better treatment than only a non-US format offering .
 Big Cat Diary was precisely that a diary on the extended lives of lions , leopards , and cheetahs over a number of years . We get to know these cats and their mothers and grandmothers , giving us what most non-science types never get , an up close look at the lives and personalities of individual cats . This series is worth its weight in gold . Jonathan Scott and Simon King are extraordinary in the field and their knowledge of these individual cats gives us a the benefit of years of learning . I strongly recommend this series as well as the websites of Jonathan and Simon . It is a shame that the series was cancelled and we in the United States were denied the final season , Big Cat Live . Perhaps BBC and Discovery will team up and give us a series set in the Masai Mara again .
 Hi all of you whom want to view the Big Cat Diary Series - my six year old son is a huge fan of Big Cat Diary and I want to purchase this DVD set - so after looking up our DVD type and searching online as to how we could view these DVD 's ; there are sites that help you figure out the way to do this with your DVD player , videohelp.com is one of them . Goodluck !
 This is my favorite TV show/documentary/reality tv ! I absolutely love all the cats featured in Big Cat Diary episodes and wish Amazon would bring the rest of seasons too . It is reality TV with no script . The show does n't show only the cute scenes to make you happy . There are real struggles , constant fights to survive , and love that will make you laugh and cry at the same time . I would give it 7 stars out of 5 if I could .
 I absolutely LOVE this series and watch it everytime I get the chance . I really wish this entire series was available on a US viewable version . It is a wonderful family nature show that is exciting and habit forming .
 Have to agree with all the other reviews here . I ca n't believe that it is not available in a usable format for the U.S. Do the Producers know that there is probably a GIANT market for this DVD in the U.S. ?
 Inspiring , endearing , hopeful that series like these will evoke the desire for humanity to respect and preserve our natural world .
 I love the shows , I have watched them everyday since I discovered them , for the past 5 years ! Everyone and all the animals are just great and so beautiful . I hope they do another Series . I wonder how Safi is doing ? I do n't understand why we ca n't buy the d v d 's ???? I do tell everyone about the show and I named my new Ragdoll Kitten , Safi after the cub .
 Excellent effort Katie ! Very entertaining , the premise , the acting , and the scenes around New York ! Keep up the creative , inventive movie work .
 Love it ! It was like The Monkey 's meet ZombieTown . The band rips , zombie kill of the week , death by drumstick .
 This is a funny , fun , and interesting indie rock zombie movie . It gives a simple and unique twist to the zombie genre .
 A great zombie movie , funny and well made ! Highly well-made , a GREAT movie to watch with friends!If you are a zombie fan , this is definitely the film for you .
 Great movie for an indie film , good story , kept things moving . Hope they make a part 2 . Would like to see a new twist in a sequel .
 Fun zombie movie with a nice mix of tongue-in-cheek and gore and gets in some good one-liners . Does n't even overdo the Brooklyn hipster thing .
 This was one of my favorite TV shows as a kid . Gabe Kaplan played Mr. Kotter , a teacher in Brooklyn , NY -LRB- Buchanan High , I believe , was the name -RRB- . He was funny , clever with a good bit of wisdom in his teaching style and cared a lot about his students -LRB- aka the Sweathogs -RRB- . He 'd often start and end the show with a corny joke about one of his uncles -LRB- `` Did I ever tell you about my Uncle So-and-So ? '' -RRB- . Marcia Stassman played his long suffering wife , Julie -LRB- Gabe Kotter loved his wife , but not her tuna casseroles ! -RRB- . John Sylvester White played Mr. Woodman , consumate curmudgeon who had little tolerance for the Sweathogs . John Travolta -LRB- Saturday Night Fever and Ladder 49 -RRB- played Vinnie Barbarino , the class stud . He was the most popular with the ladies . He could be difficult when Mr. Kotter asked him questions in class -LRB- `` What ? Where ? When ? '' -RRB- . Sometimes when frustrated , he 'd shout `` I 'm so confuuuuused ! '' When annoyed , he 'd tell one of his fellow Sweathogs `` Up your nose with a rubber hose ! '' His theme song was `` Ba-ba-ba-ba-Barbarino '' -LRB- to the tune of `` Barbara Ann . '' Ron Pallillo played Arnold Horshack -LRB- pronounced by little Arnold as `` Hawwwwshaaaack ! '' -RRB- , the lovable class dork -LRB- `` Hallo ! Howrya ? Very impressive , Mista Kotta ! '' -RRB- . To get Mr. Kotter 's attention , he 'd often shout `` Oh-oh-oh-oh ! '' He also had the best laugh in the class -LRB- he 'd grunt `` heh-heh-heh-heh ! '' like a seal -RRB- . Lawrence Hilton Jacobs -LRB- Cooley High and The Jackson Story -RRB- played Freddie `` Boom Boom '' Washington , lovably hip African American . He was the only Sweathog with a steady girlfriend -LRB- Verna Jean -RRB- and played on Buchanon 's basketball team . He 'd address Mr. Kotter `` Yo , Mr. Kottair ! '' and when addressed in class , he 'd smile and say -LRB- in a deep voice -RRB- `` Hi there ! '' or `` Unfortunately , I do n't have my homework haaandy ! '' Finally , Robert Hedges played Juan Julio de Huevos Epstein , who was part Puerto Rican , part Jewish . He was often late for class -LRB- I 've got a note , Mr. Kotter ! '' -RRB- . His late note was often signed by Epstein 's mother -LRB- I wonder how many kids in school tried that ? -RRB- ! When annoyed -LRB- often by Barbarino -RRB- , he 'd say `` Vinniiiiie ! You gon na diiiiiiiiiie ! '' The theme song was written , sung and performed by John B. Sebastian -LRB- formerly of the Lovin ' Spoonful -RRB- . Unfortunately , this is not the Complete 1st Season -LRB- which is why I had to dock this one star -RRB- . The pilot episode introduced the class as unresponsive and difficult . The Deprogramming of Arnold Horshack shows Arnold being moved to a different class after he 's excelled in Mr. Kotter 's class -LRB- the trouble is , he does n't really fit in with the `` smarter '' kids -RRB- . In Father Vinnie , Vinnie Barbarino almost drops out of school to become a priest , just to please his family 's wishes.Hopefully , Warner Bros. will release the entire seasons of this show . It may not be politically correct by today 's standards , but it was funny , clever and often taught a good lesson .
 Very Cool show.This Welcome Back Kotter DVD has six 30 minute episodes on it . No extras , but i 'm not complaining for the price . I just hope this DVD is a sign that Welcome Back Kotter will be released as full seasons in the SHORT future.No complaints .
 Its somethines the case that after seeing a show you have n't seen since childhood , you 're often disappointed that it really was n't as good as you remembered . This sampler is an exception to the rule.While not a comprehensive set , it has some really entertaining episodes . `` One Flu Over the Cuckoo 's Nest '' is the unlikely tale of Kotter 's sweathogs being forced to share a class with some gifted studetns durig a flu epidemic . Good comedic moments and an interesitng message about people being gifted in different ways.Another tale has the comically pathetic resident geek-boy Arnold Horshack -LRB- Ron Palillo -RRB- joining a cult . He 's really at his comic best in this one -LRB- especially when he recites the Baba 's matra -RRB- and in an interesting twist Ellen Travolta -LRB- castmate John Travolta 's mother -RRB- plays Horshack 's mom . Interestingly , weak and silly characters joining ridiculous cults -LRB- see a similar episode involving Rerun in the `` What 's happening '' season II set -RRB- were a staple of seventies sitcoms . The Jim Jones tragedy of 1978 stopped this trend.The other episodes , such as the Sweathogs joining a gang , Travolta 's guilt after a teacher has a heart attack while yelling at him , and were Travolta becomes a priest , all have their moments of knee-slapping leave your brains at the door fun.Gabe Kaplan 's storytelling interludes in these tales reign supreme , especially the yarn about his uncle facing a firing squad -LRB- you 've got to hear this -RRB- ! Bonzo Maretti was quite a guy.It 's too bad that Gabe Kaplan 's 1974 comedy album `` Holes and Mellow Rolls '' -LRB- which inspired this show -RRB- is n't currently available . But in either case , this is a good way to have some knee-slapping belly laughs after a long day at work or school .
 I would love to see this whole series on DVD , but was happy to get just this small amount on one DVD . I watched some Welcome Back Kotter episodes as a kid and even now , as an adult , I think they are just hysterical . Great fun for a small amount of money !
 I loved watching these shows again ! I had vague memories of the show , I remember really liking it , but I did n't get to see it often because my parents did n't like me watching it . lol . Anyway , it 's still just as funny as it was back then . If you liked the show in the ' 70 's , you 're bound to still like it now!I ca n't wait for a more complete collection of the show to come out !
 Remember June 12 , 2007-that is when Welcome Back Kotter Season one will be availableUntil this season one collecyion happens , this six episode sampler collection will have to do . This six episodes have the heart of the swries with many of its Marx Brother antics that Kotter and crew did so wellTo make a person wait for June is cruel and harsh , so buy this set now and enjoy the taste of Kotter before you partake of a full season . . you will be glad you didBennet Pomerantz , Audioworld
 This dvd gives one a chance to tap into their childhood , growing up in the 70 's . I wondered if these episodes would be as funny to me as an adult as they were as a child . They did n't disappoint ! It 's nice to travel back in time with some good , clean , shows . If you were a Kotter fan , then you will enjoy these episodes .
 If you are a Welcome Back Kotter fan than look no further ! Unfortunately , after watching the episodes on this DVD it only left me longing for more , ALL of them in fact . MORE , MORE , MORE , why they have not yet released all episodes is a mystery to me . I loved this show as a child , and I still love this show today !! If you have n't seen the show in years , watch the whole DVD . It will grow on you for either the first time , or it will rekindle the fond memories from an era long past !!
 I always found this show enjoyable as a kid and they include some good episodes on this DVD . If you were a fan of welcome back Kotter , then you will probably enjoy this DVD . Its definately worth the price .
 Growing up watching Kotter , I miss such comedy in today 's shows . I introduced it to my kids who are born in the 2000s , not the 70 's , and they love it ! Great humor , great comic timing and a lot of fun for the family . If you are in for good punchlines with a decent back story , this is it .
 i guess it 's true with a lot of things . i remembered loving this show as a teenager so i bought it . it was good but i think my memory of it was better . i was glad i bought it though .
 Excellent choices . It truly has the best of Welcome Back , Kotter . The only thing missing is the pilot to make it a ' 5 ' . However , it is a treasure . It reminded me why I used to watch the reruns , over and over again , in the first place .
 This is John Travolta at his roots - before he had `` technique '' , but still displaying the seeds of his incredible talent .
 I enjoyed this DVD so much that I am thinking about ordering the actual Welcome Back Kotter seasons in the near future .
 I love this show !! I wish there were more episodes/series than what was given . Not enough episodes but great quality .
 Its nice to see an old tv series . Wow ... what memories ! I remember watching Welcome back , Kotter as a kid . They need to bring back more shows like that .
 Welcome Back -LRB- Pilot -RRB- just the way it was back in the old days . if i have to write a lot of words , i probably wo n't be reviewing a lot of things .
 I remember watching Welcome Back Kotter as reruns and I really liked it ... I wish they had more episodes available but I am happy with the two episodes that I got ...
 It 's exactly what you think
 A great collection of six classic Welcome Back Kotter episodes !!! See the one and only John Travolta before he hit megastardom !!! The rest of the cast was great too !!! A seventies classic !!! Recommended !!! A +
 I 've been buying movies and series I grew up with to share them with my boys -LRB- 13,10,6 -RRB- . They laughed out loud through most of these . Neat to see a sitcom with an obvious moral to the story again . Fun to see them again through adult eyes and see how perceptions change . Even more fun to see these old shows through my kids comments , laughter , etc. .
 JUST GREAT TO SEE SOME OF THE OLD GREAT SHOWS AGAIN FROM TV ON DVD NOW . THEY WERE JUST GREAT AND VERY GOOD QUALITY .
 This dvd gives a good sample of a great TV show . I wish the whole series was on DVD .
 This DVD contains 6 episodes from Welcome Back , Kotter . These episodes are hilarious and really hilight each actors ' comedic performances . The Kotter gang excelled at physical comedy and it is not in short supply here . If you love the series you will enjoy this DVD .
 Was shipped very securely and in a timely fashion . Got it before Christmas . Thanks !
 It 's a different twist . It 's not scary , not really gory , more comedy then anything . It 's not funny throuhout the whole thing , but it 's got it 's moments.-Rent it , buy it if it 's cheap . $ 5 - $ 10.00-For $ 15 - $ 20.00 it 's not that good.-I would probably watch it again .
 My 2-year-old son loved this . We took a couple of trips this summer and it was great to have on the plane and in the car .
 I bought this for my 2 y/o grandson & he is thrilled w / it . He had seen Bob on Public TV and went around the house singing the song . So I got this & he is too cute . He gets his tools out to go to work , and learns some great lessons while he does it . I knew when I got this I did n't have to worry about the content , which I really like . It really is a cute & it will have you singing the song too .
 I have a 2 yr old who watches movies for weeks on end and then wo n't touch them for months following . I buy a lot of his movies used for this reason . He likes Bob a lot .
 Love that it just plays one episode after the other and you do n't have to do anything to keep it playing .
 I bought this video for my grandson who is 3 years old and he loves to watch him when he comes to visit .
 Bob the Builder CD has a good number of episodes and a good selection . My granson enjoys them immensley whenever we play it .
 This video has been a blessing for my grandson when he visits in bad weather and ca n't play outside . It is a great buy and long playing . It has a continuous play option which I love .
 My Grandson is really into trucks , etc. and Bob and the gang make it fun and educational . I also like the fact that Wendy is his partner
 Our grandchildren have only recently discovered Bob the Builder . The DVD was a big hit and the quality excellent . The product arrived quickly and was excellently packaged .
 My 3.5 yrs old son is obsessed with Bob the Builder . The videos are excellent and they teach a sharing and being part of a community -LRB- helping each other -RRB- .
 The best 2-1/2 hr kids movie ever . This saved my butt on a 6 hour drive with just me & my 2 year old . Kept him entertained when everything else failed . Also a great summation of all the Bob the Builder videos .
 My 22-month old grandson is captivated by Bob the Builder . At this point , he only focuses on the cute recurring characters , the talking construction vehicles , and the colorful and nicely animated stories . He never gets tired of watching it . -LRB- I 'm the one who got this video because I 'm practically able to recite the other one he has . -RRB- But , although it 's beyond his current comprehension , these are stories of good people behaving responsibly and considerately . They are presented in an entertaining and non-preachy manner , and the color , audio , and animation are beautifully rendered and nicely paced.I should be jealous that my grandson learned to say `` Bob '' before `` Grandma , '' but I 'm so pleased with these videos that I do n't mind .
 Bob the Builder 's indomitable can-do attitude has inspired countless young viewers . `` The Best of Bob the Builder '' is a compilation of some of the best adventures of Bob and his machines , which serve as both his tools and his best friends . With bonus features of never before seen stories , and DVD games , `` The Best of Bob the Builder '' is a fine pick for any young viewer who ca n't get enough of Bob .
 Aidan has not seen too Bob the Builder and this DVD really was a great introduction to some Bob favorites . He really enjoyed watching Bob and his friends build and work together and he get 's really excited when he hears `` Can we build it ? '' I thought the DVD was adorable and I especially love that it is 140 minutes of Bob-filled fun ! I do n't even think we have made it through the whole DVD yet as Aidan always want to start from the beginning ! This DVD is also an exceptional value of about $ 15 ! I think it would be great for both new and old Bob lovers !
 Grandchildren enjoyed . They learned a lesson or two and had fun sharing afterwards . A great afternoon was had by all .
 Bob the Builder is a very up beat show . I love the fact that even though something has been done wrong and caused grave issues , there is never any condemnation . Everyone works together to right the mistake . In today 's world some children do n't learn how to work with others . Some children never learn that it is OK to make mistakes . Bob the Builder is a very up-lifting show .
 My son loves Bob the Builder so this was a great movie for him and was shipped super fast !
 My son loves this series . He definitely liked this episode . I felt that the picture quality was not very good .
 I bought this for my grandson for Christmas . He got excited when he opened it and loves watching it . It arrived promptly and was packaged well .
 Iain Softley directed this elegant film yet it reminds me of a Merchant/Ivory production , not just for the Helena Bonham Carter connection , but because of the incredible production values -LRB- costumes , art direction , and cinematography -RRB- that make the film look more costly than the actual numbers . The acting is good from most if not all the cast . And the screenplay deals well with the triangle that Kate -LRB- Carter -RRB- allows herself to fall into despite the emotional danger to herself . Despite a dark premise the character Millie adds a bit of brightness to the story . And the views of Venice really capture the exotic nature of the place with comparison to 1910 London . This film earned its R-rating with the ending . But it did show how much the two main characters have changed by what previously occurred . It 's a well done costume-drama .
 ` The Wings Of The Dove ' is a marvel of modern literary adaptation . Henry James novels are all difficult to film , but the late three masterpieces , of which ` Dove ' is the first , with their agonising syntax hovering over their referents like timid vultures flying away before they feast , are surely impossible . And a ` faithful ' adaptation of this novel WOULD be impossible . Late James does n't tell stories , his books are about the act of reading and interpreting , about decentring familiar modes of narration , about the importance of the right word , and so are riven with gaps and ambiguity . James was busy creating modernism and the literary 20th century ; director Iain Softley and screenwriter Hossein Amini are obliged to create a traditional , coherent story in an accesible way for as big an audience as possible . So where James hems and haws over what exactly is going on in a particular scene or dialogue , euphemises , defers , revokes , shifts , obscures , Softley and Amini have to make choices , have to say THIS definitely happened , and THIS as a result followed . James purists no doubt shuddered at the wholesale reworking of episodes , the systematic miscasting , the rendering conventional and sentimental character motivation , and the dubious interpretation of key events . And , it 's true , watching it , the film seems less an adaptation of James than a hazy remembrance of it , or a persistant misreading . The vast majority who have n't read the book will be grateful that Softley and Amini managed to create a coherent and consistent narrative out of such intractable material . A ` faithful ' ` Dove ' would have been an unwieldy , unwatchable arty bore.If you want to find Henry James , you do n't look to his stories , but the way he tells them . Within the limits set by the economic realities of modern film-making , it is in his mise-en-scene that Softley is most brilliantly Jamesian . He manages to interweave an admirable amount of James ' symbolic motifs to visualise thematic concerns - economics , water , heights etc. . The film is a goldmine of period detail - the early 20th century has been comparatively under-represented on film , and the various bibelots , vehicles and costumes on show are a constant delight . But even when filming in real locations , Softley 's compositions look deliberately artificial and stylised . His deep-focus cinematography emphasises the objects and decor surrounding the characters , highlighting the way materialism , environment , culture and economic need alienates the characters from their emotional needs , as does the framing , ` boxing ' characters , separating them from each other ; proscenium arches stage the dramas of conflicting performances we 're watching . Costumes and decor do n't just suggest a period effect , but create meaning -LRB- s -RRB- too . James ' famously shifting narration finds an equivalent in Softley 's playing with point-of-view , alternating unmotivated , gliding , overhead tracks with ambivalent character viewpoints . Jamesian set-pieces are n't given the slow-burning effect they need in this disarmingly brisk film , but the Venice sequences are suitably enigmatic , in particular a haunting , nocturnal gondola ride . In other words , although forced to show more than James ever would , Softley preserves the author 's sense of a whole other world of feeling beyond or beneath the text , upholding James ' irresolution and openness to the very tense end . Amini even daringly rewrites James , trasposing the title and its symbolic diffusion from the sickly , saintly Milly to Merton and , especially , to the gaunt , aquiline Kate and her plumed hats.If ` Dove ' does n't quite soar to the heights of the very great adaptations of modernist literature -LRB- Visconti 's ` Death In Venice ' , Ruiz 's ` Time Regained ' -RRB- , than that 's a part of its integrity ; its relentless narrowing of focus and viewpoint , and unromantic observing are wholly true to its begettor . -LRB- The shimmering DVD transfer is even more beautiful than the cinema release I saw , but the accompanying features -LRB- especially the chapter selections -RRB- are unhelpful -RRB-
 Not being a fan of Helena Bonham Carter , costume dramas , or Henry James , I purchased this DVD because it featured Venice . Now I ca n't wait to see it again . I was completely riveted . The growing sense of tension , as Kate manipulates circumstances to suit her own ends , and then becomes a victim of her own maneuvering , is hard to shake even several days after I saw the movie.I did not feel the sex scene at the end was gratuitous or jarring in any way . In fact , it made complete sense . The acting is uniformly excellent , with the possible exception of Elizabeth McGovern as Millie 's companion - she really did n't have very much to do.This is also a very beautiful movie - costumes , scenery , and in the words of Indiana Jones , `` Ah - Venice ! ''
 This movie is about as good as it gets on the genru of Love Traingles . It has a great dose of greed , deception , and sociatel cruelty . Linus Roache gives a powerful performance in this one . His role in the main character in this terrible twist of falling in love with the one less immediately thought of . The Auntie even is in the love controlling game . I 'm sure in true form this went on in Edwardian England . It goes to show the doubter that one can find his/her true love in a place as romantic as Venice , Italy . This flick cements ALL can truly do dramatic cinema . In the end the remaing living two find guilt as a sum of money fall on thier laps as the dead of the triangle leaves money to him . This movie is great not just for woamn but anyone who appreciates a good Art House , & International genru cinema .
 Merchant Ivory produced ten movies from 1986 to the mid 90 's , making up a distinct british subspecies of uptight-victorian melodrama , the kind that have brought Helena Bonham Carter and Emma Thompson to world fame.This is n't one of their most famous works , but I like it very much . One reason is Alison Elliot , whom I fell for immediately . Julian Sands is also a talented actor when he 's not playing a warlock or wizard.Basically , this movie had punch . I could feel Sands ' greed , and his shame at his base motivations . And I also felt Ms. Elliot 's despair and resignation as her ilness progressed . She knew she was being doublecrossed , but still went forward and gave the money in an act of forgiveness and grace . The effect was sublime , and deeper than I expect from cinema these days . The production and cinematography were also quite beautiful.Merchant Ivory have n't done very much lately . I do miss them .
 Henry James is my favourite writer past or present and this beautiful film is the best adaptation made yet . -LRB- The Bostonians and The Europeans are n't really versions even worth comparing , but I liked The Portrait of a Lady despite the fact that it 's dryer than this one -RRB- . Helena Bonham Carter and Allison Elliott are brilliant , and Linus Roache is the best kisser on film . My favourite costume designer Sandy Powell does a perfect job with the clothing , and Ian Softley 's direction gives a modern zest to the classic proceedings here . Gorgeous , if tragic , filmmaking .
 For those of you who have loved a person after a relationship -LRB- but not during -RRB- and wanted that person back but could not get that person back , this film will strong affect you . I have had that kind of relationship , and thus , I could empathize with Merton -LRB- sp -RRB- . Therefore , this was the best drama -LRB- and saddest -RRB- that I 've seen . Five stars !
 I fell in love with the lush tranquility this film possesses . The deep textures of colour and lighting lay subtle to the senses and tickle the eyes with splendid indulgence . The dark blues and purple worked brilliantly . The costumes in `` Wings of the Dove '' were superb , transforming Helena Bonham Carter into a lavish china doll . Beautiful to look at indeed.I wish the script could have been a bit more agressive , making Helena 's character more ploying and devious . This would have made her more dynamic of a villian . Like maybe help her dying friend along by slipping some cyanide into her glass of wine?Linus Roach -LRB- Was he also in Pulp Fiction ? -RRB- looked gorgeous in this film . You would have thought the filmakers opted for Hugh Grant , but it was nice to see someone less famous play the role.The Wings of the Dove casts you into the stylish world of Great Britain and offers intoxicating glimpses of Venice as well . A dreamy , magical place where love lives and dies in the same breathe . A beautiful escape .
 I generally find Henry James ' novels much too impenetrable to read . Thus , I 've found myself relying on the film versions of his works instead . His work reaches its finest hour in this adaptation of his novel of the same name . I am glued to my seat every time I watch this for it is a fabulous love triangle beautifully played by all three leads . The leading man , Linus Roache , is my favorite actor in this film . He is perfect with both women plus you really feel for his predicament . He also is the most conflicted character . Helena Bonham Carter plays the woman he is in love with but , because he has no money , she sends him to Venice to captivate a rich , dying young woman , Milly , so that Milly will leave him her fortune . In the last scenes of the movies , Roache captures facial expressions of this man 's conflicts that are sheer perfection . I want to see much more of Roache on the screen but he has not played that many roles as yet . Bonham Carter and the actress who plays Milly are also quite splendid . I ca n't think of anything negative to say about this film .
 Helena Bonham Carter is outstanding as she makes this film work with interesting tones and twists . The scenery is beautiful and the passion is hot .
 Beautifully shot , with gorgeous costumes , this Henry James adaptation is stunning . Forget the beauty of the film for a second ; this is a fantastic example of human nature and what we are capable of.I 'm surprised that the book is not more popular given the nuances of the story . There are no straight lines here and the director , along with the characters and actors , give the impression , as they should , that the action is happening on the spot.If you liked THE GOLDEN BOWL or some of Wharton 's adptations , this one will fall into the same category . What is most amazing abou this movie is its subtlty and yet raw portrait of love , meaness , and all that goes along with being human .
 Not exactly an award-winning-production but not commercial garbage either . Superb acting , especially by Bonham-Carter , nearly authentic 1910 's atmosphere , good adaptation of a Henry James 's novel . Children and teenagers may find it boring but adults certainly wo n't . 8/10
 This exquisite , if not entirely literal , adaptation of Henry James 's novel of the same name , examines the relationships among three people , all of whom love each other in one way or another , but whose feelings are rooted in vastly different needs , agendas , and expectations . Through the lens of these relationships , we get a glimpse of the social limitations and values imposed by the class structure of Edwardian-era Britain.Kate Croy , played by Helena Bonham Carter , in possibly the best performance of her not undistinguished career , is the daughter of a woman from a socially prominent family who married a poor man for love - that is to say , married `` beneath '' her . The marriage was unhappy , and Kate 's mother died young , leaving Kate with a social pedigree on one side , but no money - and Kate 's social standing , and the mores of the times , make employment impossible . A wealthy marriage is clearly the resolution to her difficulties , but Kate is desperately in love with a handsome , intelligent , but only modestly employed young journalist -LRB- Linus Roache -RRB- and he does not qualify as that resolution.As the film opens , Kate is living with her mother 's sister , her wealthy Aunt Maud -LRB- Charlotte Rampling -RRB- . Maud has paid Kate 's father off so that Kate can become her legal ward , and she is determined that Kate will not make the same mistake as her mother . Maud intends to steer her beautiful young niece into a brilliant marriage that will safeguard her future . Love does not figure into Maud 's cold social calculations - she does not care who Kate takes as a lover once she is well married . Kate obediently allows Maud to take her into society where Kate can be seen by eligible men , but secretly Kate continues to meet her lover , Merton Densher . Merton returns Kate 's passion but resents her unwillingness to defy Maud , marry him , and join him in his modest lifestyle . Kate wants to find a solution to their dilemma that will allow her to marry Densher without cutting her off from the comforts Kate has come to appreciate . Exacerbating matters , Maud discovers that Kate has been meeting Merton in secret , and forbids Kate to see him again , stating that otherwise she will wash her hands of Kate and refuse further help.One evening , Kate meets a very rich , orphaned American heiress , Millie Theale , at a dinner party ; Millie is traveling in Europe with a paid companion -LRB- Elizabeth McGovern -RRB- . Millie and Kate take to one another immediately and become friends . As their friendship develops , Millie meets Merton , with whom she instantly falls in love . Kate discovers that Millie is seriously ill - she gets confirmation of the illness , and its terminal nature , via Lord Mark -LRB- Alex Jennings -RRB- , a shallow aristocrat in her aunt 's social circle with economic problems of his own . Lord Mark , although greatly attracted to Kate , is pursuing Millie , who he hopes will restore his family 's fortunes after marriage - and fairly soon leave him a wealthy widower , free to indulge his wishes where Kate is concerned.Kate , however , has a better plan
 This movie is worth a look only if you like crazy love triangles set in old aristocratic Europe or Helena Bonham Carter -LRB- as Kate Croy -RRB- . I really like Helena , and the movie was OK.Linus Roache -LRB- as Merton Densher -RRB- , Alison Elliott -LRB- as Millie Theale -RRB- , and Charlotte Rampling -LRB- as Aunt Maude -RRB- were all delightful in their roles , but Helena brings the film to life . Her character is enigmatic and melancholy , but she normally exudes this aura of mystery , no matter what role she is playing.Here , Kate Croy , is an impoverished girl of London Society , fortunate that her rich aunt Maude , has taken her in to assist her in marrying well . Instead , she loves Merton , a dashing , intellectual , boyishly-seductive pauper , whom she is forbid to see by the aunt.Nevertheless , an improbable triangle forms -LRB- by Kate 's device -RRB- with short-term profits in mind . It is Millie , who is targeted , by several members of this London Society for her money . Interesting plot twists develop concerning the money throughout to the end . Thus , the games play out and the profits are secured , possibly , but not without additional choices and costs.There is a nude scene with Kate and Merton that may confuse purists who want to view this film as sacred among art films . To me , the scene neither adds greatly or detracts greatly from the artistic value of this film . I did find it a bit gratuitous initially , but in a little while you accept . This scene forces viewers into accepting/understanding the passion of Kate and Merton 's love by being so in-your-face and putting you in either role.I believe given the same choices as Merton and Kate , most people would do the same . The outcome basically
 An ultimately tragic tale that teethes with passion . The actors triumphs with their heart felt performances . You 'll root for all 3 characters , with heart wrenching results because no one is a winner in this game of love . Helena Borham Carter is the soul of this movie - the devious Kate whom you long to hate but instead , sympathize with and feel for as the movie proceeds . Supported by equally competent actors , this is a well crafted tale that would break your heart.Noteworthy is the last scene in the movie , I was overwhelmed by the stark tragedy and the impending sense of doom . I never thought I would cry in movies or for that matter , a love scene in a movie , but I did . The movie opened a floodgate of emotions . You have to watch it to understand the despair conveyed . It is a movie , that long after the credits for the movie ends , leaves you with a sense of despair and leaves you pondering and wondering .
 this movie is so beautiful and depressing . . we need more movies like it .
 If you are looking for a sappy love story with a happy ending , find another movie . The story was heartbreaking , the costumes wonderful , and the setting breathtaking . I 'm going to search for the soundtrack as soon as I finish writing this review .
 I saw this movie in the theater and was entranced . Seldom is there a film so beautiful to see with substance as well.Excellent on all levels . I highly recommend it to anyone who appreciates good literature as well as a good movie .
 not R-rated , and that would have been suitable for the whole family . Amazing how a truly beautiful and near = perfect film had to be needlessly sexualized . The first scene in the subway elevator , was that supposed to have happened , was it a dream , was it in the book ? -LRB- maybe I should read it , but I can not even get past a James first page . -RRB- . All the way to the very end , it was perfect , terrific costumes in every scene , old London , parties , family money intrigues ,1910 motorcars , Venice gondolas , subtley manipulative characters . Milly was more and more sympathetic to the sad end . Susan -LRB- E. McGovern -RRB- seemed little more than an empty mirage for some reason.Then the last final bedroom scene , which should have been toned down , too , which would have made it a lot better , along with a family rating . Still one of most beautiful movies ever . Why ca n't women , and men too , wear hats like this today ? Compared to these characters in this era , we dress like slobs with zero taste !!
 Transferring or adapting literature to the screen successfully , is so difficult , producers do n't do much of it anymore , except for the BBC folks . But if you 're an Henry James reader and admirer , you 're probably amazed that this American expatriate writer so eminently unsuitable for contemporary popular entertainment , is sometimes adapted so exceedingly well , that after viewing one is prompted to re-read the original story or novel , and to make a comparison with the film or films . And if they balance , well ... It is indeed remarkable.Helena Bonham-Carter has done so many things so well , fans of hers will be pleased with her take on this nearly tragic character . This is the story of a young woman whose life , half-ruind by her parents misfortunes , is tested by her own youthful passion -- withdrawing from a life of respectable prostitution in the form of a loveless marriage to a rich , dissolute man , in an effort to avoid a nearly certain life of probable , plebian prostitution driven by want -- she finds a way to manipulate her way to eventual riches and romantic/erotic happiness ; a way that very nearly works.Linus Roache plays her lover or inadvertant co-conspirator in a sexual ponzi scheme . He underplays a character that appears to be under-written if only because although his character is that of a very nice , principled young English journalist -- slim , blonde , vague -- he is seen , or better , realized , through the perception of the two women who love him . This is an actor whose ability appears to be to insinuate himself into roles in successful films -- like RIDDIK -- and TV series -- like LAW AND ORDER . He 's a kind of chameleon and that 's very much to his advantage here , in this sory of shifting values and shades of desire ; he becomes , or appears to become , whatever it is we wish him to be.The titian-haired ALLISON ELLIOTT plays the innocent , loving and generous American heiress who -- as the story implies -- goes to London in hope of a cure for a fatal disease , and then goes on to Venice , to love and then to die . She is not given a headline place on the credits for the film , though she deserves them . Her outward beauty and physical appearance is very much of the period . Pre-Raphaelite/Byzantine , but her presence is animated by a simplicity of response that demonstrates her want of guile better than anything can or possibly could . She plays a woman unfettered by either economic or psychological want , and the memory of her performance , like the memory of the dead woman of the story , liingers , ineffable as sunlight on rippling water.This is a very fine film and well worth watching ; the Venetian photography is breathtaking . The musical score is so very good one could as easily say WINGS OF THE DOVE is equally worthy of hearing . If you buy it you will very likely play and watch it more than once , and if you add it to other adaptations of Henry James novels and stories -- like THE GOLDEN BOWL , or DAISY MILLER , or THE BOSTONIANS , or TURN OF THE SCREW or any of the others , you will have added something valuable to your persona , though it would be presumptuous of me to say what that might be . However , if entertainment for you consists in part in watching actresses give exciting performances , then you will probably enjoy the film adaptation of James ' WASHINGTON SQUARE , entitled THE HEIRESS , which stars Olivia de Haviland . In THE GOLDEN BOWL Uma Thurmon gives a star performance so outstanding , it seems incredible that she is not recognized as the great young actress she is . Vannessa Redgrave , Michelle Pfeiffer and Sybil Shepherd among others have given performances in film adaptations of Henry James ' stories , that stand very high in the lists of their accomplishments.But , if you have ever loved anybody that death has taken from you , you will understand the depth and significance of this film . If you have n't had the experience , you may well learn what it means .
 I seem to have a different take on this movie than most people . The three main characters -- a working class journalist , a young woman who has been raised by her well-to-do aunt , and a wealthy heiress -- find themselves involved in a tragic love triangle . All three members of the triangle , in my view , deeply love one another . Circumstances force the three to adopt a plan which , on the surface , seems unspeakably corrupt . The plan requires the three to pretend that they all love each other . And when they carry out the plan , they discover that there has been no deception
 Having not read the book , I thought the movie itself was extremely moving . Unlike , say , a typical Merchant-Ivory production , it 's well-paced , yet dense too with insinuations in the dialogue , images , and actors . I got more out of it with repeated watchings without wanting to skip to certain parts in the movie . Also , like the English Patient , the contrast of two locations beautifully underlines the emotions and relationships in the film . Ultimately , though , all the relationships in the movie ring true . Though there is much manipulation , there are moments of true friendship between the two female leads . Helen Bonham Carter 's acting should have won Oscar if nothing but to prevent her character from becoming a utter villian . Though Milly is the typical innocent martyr , Alison Elliot refuses to make Milly naive or even innocent ; she radiates with bittersweet life and warmth which makes her compassion for her two friends palpable . The guy the middle , Merton , is wonderfully played by Linus Roache . He 's passionate and principled , yet worldly and nondogmatic , making us understand how he could appeal to both Millie and Kate . The movie succeeds best in depicting subtle , believable connections between these three people , hightening the tragedy of it . Even if you 're into costume flicks , this is worthy fare .
 Watching The Wings of the Dove on dvd after years of not seeing it , I felt as though I were watching a completely new movie - the ravishing cinematography of Eduardo Serra makes this a completely new experience from its video transfer that I first saw . The rain-strewn canals of Venice seem to have never looked so vivid , romantic , and - cineastes beware - symmetrical . This becomes so eye-catching because despite amazing Merchant-Ivory productions , the turn-of-the-century class-romance conflict has never been made like it is here . That 's because beneath its struggle between desire and social mores is two fully vivid women whose characterizations embody the full depths and aspirations of humanity -LRB- not to a mention a deliciously misanthropic turn by Charlotte Rampling as icy Aunt Maude -RRB- . Alison Elliot never quite got the credit she deserved for matching Milly 's rapaciousness towards life with her rapaciousness towards Martin - and Kate . And Helena Bonham Carter gives equal parts sizzle and sympathy to the almost totally sympathy-less Kate , who , at her center , is a fairly vile manipulator . The fact that the movie could have such romantic force despite our very human reservations towards what 's going on onscreen is a testament to the full gradations of life Iain Sotley and Hossein Amini bring to Henry James 's novel - and it makes this thick British drama a pulsating force .
 Henry James is very difficult to translate into a film -LRB- remember Jane Campion 's version of `` The Portrait of a Lady '' with Nicole Kidman ? -RRB- . This film is excellent in every respect . Iain Softley 's direction is impeccable . While all of the actors are perfect in their roles , Helena Bonham Carter is magnificent . In her eyes , you can watch the machinations of her character 's brain at her work . The screenplay , photography , costumes , art direction and music are also superior . The film captures the multiple levels of the book
 This wondeful film is finally on video ! -LRB- After such a long wait ! -RRB- Here 's a actual story . Not just boy meets girl . It has much deeper and more complicated emotions throughout . It 's a triumph for Helena Bonham Carter . She should have won the Oscar .
 Love in its purest form can lead a person to do many things . In this movie , the pure love that existed between Merton and Kate , led only to disaster and tradgedy . Characters were under-explored , and important scenes underplayed . However , a love story nonetheless and worth watching for the costumes , scenery and atmosphere it evokes .
 I could add to what already 's been said about this movie , but , what 's the point ? I 'll not waste your time by simply saying this is one of the very finest romantic dramas I have ever viewed . I rarely watch a movie more than once , and even more rarely , buy it . I did both .
 I really enjoyed this movie from the very start . It turned into a convoluted tale of class separation and deceit , which destroyed the love of two people . First off , I love London . It was wonderful being transported back into the era of 1910 , where hats were just as outrageous as they are today on the heads of English ladies . The second half of the movie was set in Venice , and the scenery and flavor of the location was delicious . Everyone vies for money , and each person is pawn in a game to get what they want . The acting was suburb , the story somewhat predictable , and the ending that leaves you thinking long after the credits are done rolling .
 Two lovers come up with a plan to have their life together on someoone elses money.But they forgot one thing
 Magnificently costumed -LSB- exact Period fabric choices , etc. -RSB- ; brilliantly photographed , a Sterling cast - Helena Bonham-Carter , -LSB- corseted to perfection ! -RSB- , Linus Roache , -LSB- utterly devine as the weak-willed love interest -RSB- , Charlotte Rampling , -LSB- brief but unforgettable as the Aunt -RSB- . Yes , another sad Henry James excursion into the mind and deeds of the late frustrated Victorian female.A Simple plot , young woman , threatened by rich Aunt regarding $ $ $ $ and marrying into money -LCB- did n't we also see this in `` Titanic '' ? -RCB- , wants to `` marry for love '' , persuades poor lover to seduce -LCB- ? -RCB- beautiful , and handy dying heiress , marry her , grab the loot when she dies , and then marry `` true love '' . Oh dear , doomed fromt he start ... It 's a trifle similar to the earlier `` Heiress '' -LSB- Olivia de Havilland -RSB- remade as `` Washington Square '' -LSB- original title - with Jennifer Jason Leigh -RSB- , but this gal has a little more oomph!The plan works well and for one instant we expect perhaps a ... . menage ? No , the end is rather devastating - shades of Eugene O'Neill ... Quite erotic too - especially the opening sequence in the creaking subway elevator , surprising!Great sense of period ! AND for total depression ? Add `` Portrait of a Lady '' , `` The Heiress '' and `` Washington Square '' . Sobering tales about Great-Grandma and company !
 I loved this film . It 's based on a Henry James novel , and I hate Henry James 's contrived writing . So that I loved this film is a minor miracle . But I loved this film .
 This cinematic treat brings a tasty feast for those who -LRB- wisely -RRB- adore Helena Bonham Carter . Whilst I am not a strong fan of the author 's literary hazings , this adaption of The Wings of the Dove presents us with a story that we can drink in with all six senses . It was by pure chance that I watched this DVD as my theater coach picked it up . My coach was a tad disappointed , as he mistook the title for a musical based on the 1970s Pippin pop hit `` The Tears of a Clown . '' His error was my blessing ; not only do we witness a subtle tragedy seeing powerful characters forced to live on after imploding their mutual passion , but we get to see Helena Bonham Carter nude . This also did not impress my acting coach . The only resistance I have in granting this fine work a full five star salute reveals itself in overtly borrowed cinematic visuals . I might be wrong , but the final moments of the film seem to be borrowed directly from the 1977 film `` Teenage Cruisers , '' in which an escaped sanitarium patient holds William Margold as her sexual hostage ; he is bound and gagged , forced to drink in her visual nude teasings . If I am correct , it bothers me that Wings of a Dove would take such a misogynist take on the matter , as Carter is abandoned after undressing in front of her lover . Still , I highly recommend this body of work . The directorial pacing is reminiscent of Ren&eacute; Cardonas ' earlier projects , which in itself is worth the look .
 The movie was excellent . It arrived on time exactly the way the seller described . I enjoyed the ease of sale and would highly recommend buying used videos online .
 With sets as lush as these , one could move into them and live happily ever-after . The atmosphere and actors attitudes and images makes everything else so believable that you wo n't dwell on the minimal plot line , you 'll just sit back and enjoy every moment.Even the predictable plot wo n't deter you from watching every frame till the final scenes . Linus Roache 's frontal nude scenes were plentiful and quite unobstructed . Oh no ... wrong film , sorry !
 About halfway mark , like most HENRY JAMES novels , the story gets a little obvious to be entirely convincing , but along the way here 's your chance to enjoy a decent story which profits from a good casting.Saying that HELENA BONHAM-CARTER is ideal in this type of role has become a clich&eacute; , but it is so true.Cynic guys who want to watch this to see HELENA naked be patient , you 'll get satisfaction near the end.The conclusion has the guy returning to VENISE , which means he wo n't marry KATE.Between you and me , how can a normal man refuse to marry a georgeous woman like BONHAM-CARTER ? After watching this movie , i dreamed that HELENA was my sister and she was conforting me in the morning.Unfortunately , it was only a dream .
 Screenwriter Hossein Amini has abandoned the dense prose and convoluted syntax of Henry James 's most complex and difficult novel and created instead a fresh , emotionally nuanced , and psychologically astute script , nominated for an Academy Award . With a remarkable cast , breathtaking cinematography -LRB- Eduardo Serra -RRB- , and a soft background score filled with strings , harp , and piano -LRB- Edward Shearmur -RRB- , Director Iain Softley has created a magnificent film that succeeds in being emotionally affecting , intellectually stimulating , and aesthetically rewarding , a film in which every element contributes to a satisfying whole.Remaining true to the story of James 's novel , the film introduces Kate Croy -LRB- Helena Bonham Carter -RRB- as the beautiful but impoverished niece of a wealthy socialite -LRB- Charlotte Rampling -RRB- , bent upon finding her a husband of means , but Kate must sever ties with her opium-addicted father and end her relationship with Merton Densher -LRB- Linus Roache -RRB- , a penniless journalist . A friend of Kate , heiress Millie Theale -LRB- Alison Elliot -RRB- , invites her to Venice , where Millie insists on living life to the fullest even as she is dying of an unnamed disease . There Kate introduces Millie to Densher , to whom she is immediately attracted . Kate desperately suggests to Densher that he pursue Millie , who may , upon her death , leave Densher wealthy enough to marry Kate.Without such a brilliant cast , such a story would resemble the worst of melodramas , but Bonham Carter -LRB- nominated for an Oscar as Best Actress -RRB- creates in Kate a character so tormented by her love that one understands her deviousness to be the result of desperation . Alison Elliot creates a Millie whose strength and desire to live life are so strong that her passion for Densher is plausible , and her willingness to go to his room at night becomes a courageous statement , rather than a maudlin gesture . Linus Roache as Densher is phlegmatic enough that he can be manipulated by Kate , but he shows backbone in his desire to honor Millie and avoids the pitfall of being considered weak.The acting is subtle , understated , and profoundly affecting , with many revealing close-ups , and emotions conveyed through gestures , body language , and occasionally , mere eye contact . The Academy Award-nominated cinematography , especially in Venice , features individual elements in one scene blending into the succeeding scene , bridges framing action on the canals , and a dramatic use of darkness and light . The Oscar-nominated costuming -LRB- Sandy Powell -RRB- adds to the mood and atmosphere , with the music providing an effective bridge between scenes . Every aspect of the film works , and not a word or gesture is wasted in this quietly presented drama of great power . Mary Whipple
 In ` The Wings of the Dove ' , as in ` The Portrait of a Lady ' , Henry James offers us his popular theme of class-conscious , fortune-hunting Brits exploiting the innocent wealthy American girl . Only this time the action is viewed from the perspective of the victimizer who becomes her own victim.Helena Bonham Carter as Kate Croy the English adventuress , Linus Roache as Merton Densher her impecunious journalist lover , and Allison Elliot as Millie Theale their intended victim , are the principal actors in this drama of psychological twists and turns.In the opening scene Carter , swathed from head to foot in Victorian attire , exudes an aura of compelling eroticism as she trysts with her lover , Merton , in a crowded tram-car . In the film 's closing scene , in bed with him stark naked her whole body reflects the despair of her plots gone wrong . In between this sensual opening and this depressing conclusion her gorgeous face is a telling kaleidoscope of emotions . Carter can register more with her eyes than most actors can with a whole script , and the camera under Ian Softley 's direction lingers upon her face as Carter 's convincing expressions underscore the nuances of the action.As Kate 's plot congeals and unravels with her own conflicting emotions Carter projects a welter of pragmatic and sympathetic motives . Trapped by her love for middleclass Merton , her devotion to her penniless father , and her ambition for wealth and position , Kate inveigles herself into a close relationship with Millie , the wealthy winsome American girl making her Grand Tour even as she is dying of cancer . Millie , warm-hearted and brave , falls in love with Merton at first sight without knowing that he is Kate 's lover . Reluctantly , Merton allows himself to be used to satisfy the girl 's need for love . In an utterly moving scene at the climax of the film , Millie reveals the depths of her own character when the realization of how she has been duped is forced upon her.Millie dies and Merton is devastated by his own treachery . `` If I had wings like a dove I would fly away and be at rest , '' are the words that fill him at her funeral . Director Softley touches deftly upon this moving scene and moves into the denouement . Now Kate has what she wanted , Merton and the fortune , which Millie has left to her . But Millie has left something else as well ... the enfolding wings of the dove.In Carter 's hands Kate is never a really unsympathetic character , and in the end she is a truly tragic one .
 I have been seeing previews for `` The Wings of the Dove '' for years on various DVDs that I have rented and finally got around to watching this adaptation of the Henry James novel . When I finished watching it the thing that struck me was how the attempt to modernize the story worked both for and against what James had written . Now , what makes this a particularly perspective to take on the film is that the adaptation by Hossein Amini moves the time frame of the story up eight years to 1910 . That might seem a minor change , one scarcely worthy of note , but in 1902 good old Queen Victoria had not been in her tomb a year and the age that bears her name was still on its last legs -LRB- more to the point , James had been working on the novel for years , so it was clearly written during the Victorian Age -RRB- . When you change the setting to 1910 it is then the end of the Edwardian Age , which makes a big difference , especially from the standpoint of English morality.Kate Croy -LRB- Helena Bonham-Carter -RRB- has taken as her lover Merton Densher -LRB- Linus Roache -RRB- , who has neither the position nor the fortune to win her hand . Kate 's father -LRB- Michael Gambon -RRB- is destitute , and they both depend on the good graces of her dour and demanding Aunt Maude -LRB- Charlotte Rampling -RRB- , who forbids the union and has a rich man in mind for Kate who seems willing to marry for love but would like it even more if money was involved . When Kate seeks independence from her aunt she enters the circle of Millie Theale -LRB- Alison Elliott -RRB- , an American girl who is known as `` the richest orphan in the world '' and who is seeing the world before she dies , and a plan is hatched . Merton will woo Millie , marry her before she dies , and inherit her fortune , at which point he can marry Kate and the life they envision will become reality . I think you see it coming from a mile away that Merton will fall for Millie before she dies , and that there is a price to be paid for such an undertaken.James makes this story even more interesting because Millie harbors little if any illusions as to what Kate and Merton are up to . Kate tells Merton their plan will succeed because she knows how Millie loves , but she never realizes that the same is true for the American girl . Besides , Millie is touring Europe on her own agenda , which is to drink deeply from the cup of life before it is untimely ripped from her lips . For her , Merton 's attentions are something else to be experienced . Perhaps she knows that he will play the part so well that at some point he will stop acting , and perhaps it does not matter to her because when she is dead in grave the difference will not matter a whit.The shift in period matters because the master plan here runs more against the grain of Victorian morality than it does compared to the looser standards that followed . Within another decade the English would be fighting a war involving machine guns , poisoned gas , bombs dropped from airplanes , and a new array of modern horrors . Move the story forward another eight years and we would expect Kate 's character to be urging Merton to murder Millie , which would actually make her more like the Kate in the novel than what we find in this 1997 film.In the end , the fact that Kate and Millie like each other and that Millie implicitly acknowledges and accepts the deal that is represented by Merton , makes a big difference . The question is not whether the plan will work , but what will Merton and Kate be like when it is over and what will have happened to both their relationship and the plans that they have made . Millie is in love with life , and some of that rubs off on Merton , so that he is not the man Kate sent off into the arms of another women . In his attempt to get what he wants , he comes even closer to something he can never have and in the final scene all that Kate can offer to him seems rather hollow.The performances in `` The Wings of the Dove '' are , for the most part , beautifully understated . Bonham-Carter was nominated for a Best Actress Oscar , as was Amini 's adapted screenplay , Eduardo Serra 's cinematography , and Sandy Powell 's costume design . Ultimately , I think Amini 's decision to move the story forward from the end of one age to another , is on the mark and the changes that required in James ' novel work if for no other reason than having Kate know how much she is risking in sending Merton to Millie 's side from the very start makes the human drama much richer .
 Rarely has a film of such extraordinary visual beauty reached the profound emotional depths of this magnificently acted period film from Iain Softley . Based on the novel by Henry James , cinematographer Eduardo Serra sets a table of beauty and elegance while screenwriter Houssein Amini serves up dishes of love , passion and desire , all arranged in their proper order by director Softley , creating an unforgettable dining experience.Helena Bonham Carter is Kate , a passionate beauty in love with Martin -LRB- Linus Roache -RRB- , a man without money . Charlotte Rampling is her rich aunt , who may force her to marry well , but not for love . Kate has a fire burning beneath her dark beauty , however , and when fate gives her an opportunity to show Martin how she loves , a dangerous journey down winding currents is begun , and neither she nor Martin will be prepared for what awaits them at the river 's end.Alison Elliot is simply marvelous as Millie , her finest role since `` The Spitfire Grill . '' Millie is a charming American girl of great wealth reaching out to touch life before it passes by . She and Kate will become fast and inseparable friends , but Millie 's attraction to Martin and a secret discovered by Kate will set in tenuous motion a plan to solve all their problems . When the maneuvering of lives like chess pieces involves both the human heart and someone as special as Millie , however , unforseen complications can arise.Helena Bonham Carter may have received all the nominations as the beautiful and passionate Kate , but Alison Elliot 's portrayel of the sweet and open Millie , rich but lonely , and desparate for love , deserved an Oscar and Golden Globe nomination as well . Italy is beautifully recreated from the period in a film of both depth and beauty.This film is a true cinematic masterpiece . A gratuitous scene with Carter near the end of this film seems out of place , but can not detract from its beauty . Fine Italian lace is gently lifted back to reveal an emotionally naked look at the human heart . It is substance with beauty and beauty with substance , and is not to be missed .
 Adapted from Henry James ' book and pushed forward into the 20th century , this is one of those rare period dramas that lulls you into thinking that you know what 's coming and then pulls the rug from under you . The story has Kate -LRB- Bonham Carter -RRB- carrying out a love affair with Merton -LRB- Roache -RRB- , although her aunt and benefactor thinks that marrying him would be below her . So it 's a case of what does Kate want more - love or money ? Pursued by sleazy Lord Mark she uses her friendship with millionaire Millie to fly off to Venice . And it 's here that the plot takes a turn that few will see coming , as Kate 's plots to have the best of both worlds become gradually darker as she forces Merton and Millie together.What stays with you though is the bleakness of the movie , as Kate 's corrupt plans corrupt any hope of future happiness , and it 's a brave film that offers up a dark ending with no redemption in sight . The performances from all concerned are so perfectly judged that it will , in its last half , destroy your faith in basic human goodness and the truth in love . Bonham Carter and Roache are particularly impressive , playing the conflict between wanting to do what 's right and doing what benefits them astutely . Moreover , there 's a sex scene that is completely necessary to the story , tasteful and beautifully full of desperation , due in no small part to the acting . Surely there are few movies out there that can say that.In a lot of ways this reminded me of the later ` House Of Mirth ' , so if intelligent period dramas are what you like then this is a fine example .
 Henry James had the ability to develop intricate characters with extraordinary psychological depth , but his prose style is so dense -LRB- his friend Edith Wharton admitted that in places his writing is almost imcomprehensible -RRB- that few people are willing to dig down to the stratum of pure gold . What this beautiful film does is to excavate for us . It is a tale about a good person , someone who does n't want to harm anyone , driven to manipulate the hearts of her lover and her best friend to get what she needs . Helena Bonham Carter brilliantly portrays a woman strong enough to withstand anything but her own feelings of guilt . I think that this story , written late in James 's life , of someone on the outside looking in on a world of security and love is his story . James is Kate . The envy of Milly for who and what she is is palpable . Milly 's money permits her to be honest and good , but her sweetness , in turn , makes her desirable to Merton . Milly is who Kate/James would like to be . On a less armchair psychological level , this is an incredibly romantic movie . Clothes before 1914 were more beautiful and just plain sexier . Stolen kisses -- and beyond -- really thrilled because they were so dangerous .
 Three reasons that this film shines :1 . An excellent screenplay that captures the gist of the novel and without getting bogged down .2 . Alison Elliot and Linus Roache outperform Helena Bonham Carter , no small feat , to create a special love .3 . Venice , shot so as to seem completely in the period of the story , makes it clear why this city was -LRB- and is -RRB- special .
 I love the premise of this story , very intriguing
 Why , oh , why ca n't American films take a hint from these wonderful British films ? No explosions . No special effects . No half-naked jiggly girls to keep the teenage boys happy . Just solid first-rate acting . Intelligent dialog . Beautiful scenery . Is it really too much to ask for?This is a gorgeous movie . Helena Bonham Carter is excellent , as usual . You can read the plot summaries from other reviewers here , so I wo n't elaborate . But I do urge you to rent or buy this movie . It 's a wonderful story of love , betrayal , sex -LRB- yup , there 's some of that -RRB- , guilt , and innocence lost . It 's much more than a mere `` chick flick '' .
 This film can not be recommended strongly enough . The cinematography is breathtaking , and the story is equally brilliant . The love between the young Englishman and the American lady is at once maddening and moving . This piece belongs on the shelf of any movie lover .
 There really is not much that I can add plotwise to the other excellent reviews here at Amazon.What I can say though is that Helena Bonham Carter has often been referred to as `` the Queen of costume dramas '' which has unfortunately pigeonholed her into being some kind of one dimensional charicature of herself in some eyes.Well ... it is in Henry James ' WINGS OF THE DOVE -LRB- one of the better James '' novel adaptations to screen -RRB- under the very able direction of Iain Softley where `` Mrs.Tim Burton '' blossoms and shows that she has a pair of eyes that can express the complete range of emotions without saying a word . -LRB- Did n't Norma Desmond , the great silent screen star of SUNSET BOULEVARD say , `` We did n't have words ... we said it with our eyes ! '' ? -RRB- . Though WINGS OF THE DOVE is certainly a fairly engaging story in it 's own right -LRB- it is a melodrama that certainly follows some formulas -RRB- , it is Miss Bonham Carter 's beyond-admirable performance that makes this beautifully filmed in the streets and canals of Venice tragic love triangle really worth the watching alone.Some actresses SO fit the bill as their characters -LRB- I am reminded of Meryl Streep in SOPHIE 'S CHOICE and Fernanda Montenegro in CENTRAL STATION , and currently Helen Mirren in THE QUEEN -RRB- that to ever to consider a remake down the line by some director would mean having to outdo what is already perfection.Bonham Carter hit an absolute career defining moment in this film.Here she is not the ingenue of the 1983 ROOM WITH A VIEW , but a full come-of-age bonifide star who received both nominations from the Hollywood Foreign Press and The Academy.She deserved every bit of those accolades in the role of Kate , for WINGS OF THE DOVE really is Kate 's story anyway.As for the supporting cast , Linus Roach is more than suitable as Merton and plays well opposite Miss Carter.I , personally , have never found the parts of the Americans played by Alison Elliot and Elizabeth McGovern to be anything at all.I truly feel that Miss Elliot fails to capture the necessary fragility/emerging sexual woman role with any kind of true conviction as Millie Theale.As for Miss McGovern , the part is limited at best , but there is not much there in the delivery nor in the look .
 Helena Bonham Carter is nothing short of brilliant . In my opinion , the lavish sets and the gorgeous costumes alone made this movie worth watching . However , all the characters were well-developed to the extent that your heart was also broken at the end along with the players . Most intriquing story , a different take on the love triangle . Carter conveys the raw emotions so powerfully , her presence so important to the film . I wish she was not overlooked by the Academy . She is a remarkable actress to be sure .
 It was enticing with moments of sheer delight . There is great compassion between two lovers but little money . Then the idea of how to get money , but leave each other for the pursuit of money . What happens end the end must not be reveiled now .
 I own a VHS version of this film for close to 15 years and I 've seen it 30 + times . Never got tired of it and got something slightly different with each viewing -LRB- maturing perspective from my own aging process -RRB- . Over time I fell more and more in love with Millie . Allison Elliot who played Millie , at first glance , is not strikingly beautiful like Ms Bonham Carter , just pleasant . However , the more I see Millie the more I see beauty . The purity of her heart sucks me in . I see why she won a place in Merton Densher 's heart . She knew her time was up and she soaked it up like someone thirsty for water in the desert . Like what Densher wrote to Croy `` She 's alive , more alive than anyone I 've known '' . Ms Elliot 's role may not be as showy as Ms Bonham Carter 's but it is a much harder role to play well , so delicate and subtle , like walking on a tight rope . Ms Elliot did it brilliantly , a quiet strength from being young , orphaned , and presiding over a large fortune and a melancholy from being terminally ill.And we all know an untimely death can do to others , right ? The dead will be remembered forever , frozen in time , never would sin and age , like Marilyn , Lennon , and Jimmy Dean . I do n't see it as Millie 's revenge . She 's too loving to want anything bad happen to Densher and Croy . The outcome was sad but inevitable , just human nature .
 Henry James was a brilliant author . This representation of his work lives up to his writing . It 's incredibly well done . The cast superbly expresses the complex emotions that arise when love clashes with manipulation and values . While the costumes and settings are romantically period , the themes are timeless . You may easily find yourself relating to this one , then that one , and feeling their conflict . They are all so touchingly human that , while you may end up hating one in the end , you will completely identify with what happened and why . -LRB- I do n't want to give it away -RRB- . The best part is that this is one of those movies that grows with you . As you change , you see and feel different things . It never gets old . If you are in the mood for something romantic , timeless , emotional , and real , give Wings of the Dove a try .
 Simply stunning ; that is precisely how I felt when finishing ` The Wings of the Dove ' . This is a film that defines a genre with such class and sophistication , and it still carries on with a unique vision that sets it apart from the genre 's tendency to become rather repetitious and familiar . ` The Wings of the Dove ' is a must see film for any fan of period dramas , but it is more than that.The plot is complex and emotionally interwoven . You have the young and vibrant Kate , in love with a poor journalist named Merton , who is controlled by her manipulative Aunt . Her Aunt is very wealthy and threatens to cut Kate lose if she follows her heart and marries Merton . Worse yet is the fact that Kate 's Aunt is financially taking care of Kate 's father , and she threatens to cut him off as well if Kate does n't do as she wishes . What she wishes is for Kate to marry the wealthy Lord Mark . Mark is infatuated with Kate , but he also wishes to marry an American heiress named Millie . Millie is close to death and is sure to leave her fortunes to whomever she weds , and so Mark is eager to get his hands on her money . Kate sees another opportunity . After befriending Kate and hearing of her interest in Merton , Kate persuades him to seduce her , making her final days happy and securing enough money for Kate and Merton to be independent from her pesky Aunt.What Kate never counted on was that Morten actually fall in love with Millie.All performances here are rather outstanding , especially Helena Bonham Carter , who with merely a small emotional inflection can emote so much . Her final scene alone is phenomenally played and completely destroys the audience . Linus Roache is sublime as Merton , and Alison Elliott is devastating and wholly endearing as Millie.The plots twisted emotional relevance is accompanied brilliantly by lavish costumes and stunning cinematography that carry the film to new heights . This is one of the greatest period ` costume ' dramas of the 90 's , a decade that sported some of the finest in cinematic history -LRB- ` Howard 's End ' possibly being the very best -RRB- . I highly recommend this !
 This is mystical British drama with Helena Bonham Carter headlining as the starring role . I love these British dramas because they always have the best costumes , the best locations and I like the British accents . Most americans wish they had the accent so even though we are lacking in that department it 's nice to hear the eloquence in a film . I thought the story was interesting , conjuring up moral questions about love and money and which do you prefer . I sort of wish Helena 's character was a bit more bitchy and deviant , she was pretty restrained but it still worked . Wings of the Dove has 3 things going for it , the acting , the story and the cinematography .
 This film is a sumptuous feast of costume , sets , locations and performances.An adult story , well written , well acted and very beautifully presented , that brings to light the nature of what is real and true love , and what is not.A date-movie extraordinaire ! I highly recommend it .
 `` Wings of the Dove '' is a gorgeous , lavishly mounted , film adaptation of the Henry James novel about a love triangle and the faustian bargains which the three people making it up strike with each other . It reminds me of the old saying , `` Be careful what you wish for because sometimes you might get it . '' < spoilers > The plot is fairly straightforward . Kate -LRB- played by Helena Bonham-Carter -RRB- loves Merton -LRB- played by Linus Roache -RRB- . But they ca n't get married because he has no prospects and Kate 's domineering aunt who is her guardian threatens to disinherit her if she persists in seeing him . Enter Millie , a beautiful American heiress -LRB- played by Allison Elliot -RRB- who has come to London to see a bit of the world before she dies of some disease that is slowly killing her . It 's Millie 's wish to have a classic love affair before she dies , and she sets her eyes on Merton.Kate sees this as an opportunity for her and Merton to achieve their own happiness . She tasks Merton to romance her , marry her , and when she dies , inherit her money.This would make Kate appear to be a heartless bitch ... willing to prostitute the man she loves for the sake of money . But the genius of the story is twofold . First , it is made perfectly clear that Millie knows Kate and Merton 's intent . And she 's apparently happy to `` borrow '' Merton for a few fleeting moments of happiness before she dies.The second wrinkle is where the sting of the story is concealed . Merton actually does fall in love with Millie and is devastated by her death ... to the point where he can not return to Kate 's embrace . < end spoilers > The acting by Bonham Carter , Roache , and Elliot is all top notch and they succeed in making us like characters who we might not find so likable if we were reading about their romantic intrigue in a tabloid.But what really makes the story is the fact that the key parts of it unfold in Venice at Carnival time . The city looks so beautiful and intriguing and is a perfect setting for a story such as this .
 Fabulous movie - the filming is gorgeous - the costumes gorgeous and an excellent depiction of a true to life situation with a love triangle . The U.S. tends to the want to skim over the surface in terms of real carnal knowledge of couples in love affairs . Timing and a quick change of circumstances are all it takes to ruin or further the cause of an ill considered match-up . Life is actually like that , so the movie is true to reality
 I saw this movie a while back and then remembered it again and decided it was time to rent it once more . When I did , I saw so many things I 've never seen the first time I had viewed it . This film makes me feel for every character , especially Milly . I rent this movie at least once a month honestly . That is how much I love it . You learn lessons watching the way the characters interact with one another , and its moral outcome . It is almost like an adult fable , but not to an extent of happy endings . Speaking of endings , the movie 's end is very powerful and melancholy . The way the man gazed off in a silence is haunting . Above all , I truly recomend this film to anyone that would like to see a serious , dramatic perfomance by these three main characters .
 Wonderful performance by the queen of period films , Helena Bonham-Carter . The other actors were equally good . Lush settings contrast against the incredibly barren lives of the characters . ONE OF THE BEST FILMS I 'VE EVER EXPERIENCED !
 If you like Helena Bonham Carter -LRB- and how could you not ? -RRB- , this is a must see . This is her best performance of her career , including `` Room With a View , '' and she should have gotten the Oscar . She is at once despicable and tragic and few actresses could have pulled the roll off at all , let alone mastered it . The other actors are also superb , and it has been shot beautifully .
 Allison Elliott gave an excellent performance ! The plot was remarkable and easy to follow . The love triangle was thrilling and kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time . I loved it !
 This is a powerful film that discloses the real human dramatic art in the acient time . It shows us how people allowed themselves to be polluted and caught in between being materialistic and superficial . It is a wonderful display for us as audience to understand how these characters are survived within the circle of love , hate , jealousy , and money . Love twists people to be weak , greedy and insecure , etc. . It 's is one of the best novel from Henry James and one of the best movie that I would make a recommendation to friends .
 Helena bonham carter gives a wonderful performance . She really should have won the oscar . Linus Roache is also brilliant as Densher . It is an exellnt film .
 Helena bonham carter gives a wonderful performance . She really should have won the oscar . Linus Roache is also brilliant as Densher . It is an exellnt film .
 Helena Bonham-Carter should have won the Oscar for her role in this excellent film . She is supported by a wonderful cast , beautiful costumes and excellent set design . The story of this period piece is complex and has a decidedly dark undertone . A must see for any fan of period films , Merchant-Ivory films and Helena Bonham-Carter !
 This film ranks high in using great camera work , directing as well as color . Being filmed in both London & Venice gave it places for great back fround focus.My favorite person as an actress is in it as well Helena Bonham-Carter . She is very perfect in the role she plays as well as a great actress . I have seen her performances in many excellent films .
 Good subject , the workings of a devious female mind . A complicated love triangle . Superb acting .
 I first saw this movie when it was in the theaters . After much resistance , my girlfriend got me to go . And to my surprise this was an excellent film . Helena Bonham Carter is superb ! The story takes place in turn of the century London . But do n't be fooled by that this movie is something right out of a 90 's soap opera -LRB- that 's why the girls will love it -RRB- . Helena and her boyfriend try to swindle a dying woman out of her fortune . Not to give too much away , but the boyfriend begins to fall in love with the dying woman which creates the conflict ... but wait a minute guys ... this is for us also . You have a gigilo who is playing with two women . Big money is at stake ... and to top it all off the beautiful Helena Bonham Carter gets buck naked at the end . Not only that but she crawls around that way for at least five minutes with tons of close up shots . So to conclude , guys pick this one up and watch it with your girlfriend or wife .
 well ... I ca n't confess to have seen this DVD . . but what I can confess is to profess to have seen beauty.I bought this DVD because the woman I ... have had my garden thrashed by , loved this film ... she has yet to experience the mystery of the DVD technology ... I 'd like to thank her for her sweetness , love of park benches , and eyes of jade ; perfect inspiration for rhymes to be made.She knows a lot about things that smell nice , though she herself is a mistress of spice . `` Was ever woman in this humour wooed?Was ever woman in this humour won ? ''
 This movie is a tasty eye candy . The plot is awkward at best . The original novel is not much better , by the way . I am surprised that a sophisticated author like Henry James wrote this novel . I have always considered him a great psychologist , who posessed great insight into human motives , but in this particular novel his usually precise psychoanalysis goes in every direction uncontrollably . The plot reminds me of a high-school revenge thriller . I wonder if he was influenced by Chorderlo Laclos ' `` Dangerous Liaisons '' . Turn down the sound , so you do n't have to bore yourself with the tedious dialogue , and enjoy the splendid costumes and the steamy sex scenes .
 Somers Town -LRB- 2008 -RRB- is fresh and lighthearted coming of age story that has real-life charm and drama . It is serious yet fun look at growing up . The people you meet and the situations you get into , as well as your dreams , truly shape who you are . Being filmed in black and white gives it a clean feel that enables you to focus on the events and characters without distraction . The original music by Gaven Clark is refreshing and perfectly fits the style of the film.Tomo -LRB- Thomas Turgoose -RRB- has just arrived by train in the Somers Town area of London after leaving his hometown of Nottingham . He is an extremely open and chatty young man that befriends a lady , Jane , on the train . Meanwhile , Marek -LRB- Piotr Jagiello -RRB- is walking with his dad -LRB- Ireneusz Czop -RRB- to his job where he is working on a new track for the train . Marek goes off on the town taking photographs along the way . That evening Marek and his dad head home for some diner that Marek cooks up in their cramped kitchen . They enjoy each others company and have fun and open chats about life while learning the English language . They moved from Poland looking for a new start after his marriage failed . The shy and reserved Marek takes to the streets again to photograph at night after his father goes out for a nightcap.Tomo is out on the streets trying to get someone to buy him some beer . With only an army style duffel bag and the clothes on his back he is in for a rough road to make a life in London . When he is relaxing some local kids come upon him and start slightly pestering him for a drink and start bothering him a little - after they finish his beer he attempts to get away . They catch up to him in the ally and beat him up really bad and take all of his things . With no money or clothes and nowhere to turn he looks up Jane -LRB- Kate Dickie -RRB- from the train . She buys him lunch and gives him a little cash to get the train back home to where he ran away from.Tomo spots Marek looking and some pictures in the restaurant . He is taken back by the beauty of the women in the photographs , as is Marek . Marie is from Paris and works as a local lunch spot . The two quickly become friends and start what will become a very memorable summer of their younger years . They meet Graham , who is an odd neighbor that recruits the boys to help him with a little venture of his and offers life guidance . Without his dad 's knowledge Marek has Tomo staying in his room with him . They spend their days pining for Maria and just being teenagers in London .9 out of 10 - I really liked this movie . The true to life and sometimes crass script is flawlessly acted by the cast . It has a soothing quality and the moments of difficulty offset by funny situations bring this film together so well . I wish the movie never ended ; I even watch it again a couple days later and enjoyed it even more . Shane Meadows directed this amazing movie . This is a wonderful film for just about everyone to watch - be sure to pick up this independent film when it comes out on DVD in December.Dain BinderDain 's Movie Reviews -LSB- ... -RSB-
 A well-behaving catholic teen son of a Polish migrant slavering in London -LRB- none pushed him there , of course , just an ex-wife attempt to save a family by starting a life completely different -RRB- met and brought home a local homeless offspring to furthe rembrace England 's culture by selling home goods to drink , snore and masturbate in a bath pool.However , his strong father kicks out a tenant unwelcomed , suggests to newly wed and guys travel to Paris to reunite with their sweet-heart Maria they kissed in the UK already.Eventually , it is a pre-sequence toThe Dreamerswith correlation on further European Union 's developments .
 3.8 starsI enjoy the Film Movement concept , and this is another small , low-budget movie worth a view for fans of this sort of coming of age flick . The two leads are solid , the film shot in pleasingly grainy black and white until near the end , and it 's a sleek 70 minutes . The story and locale are both pretty bleak , featuring council block flats and that sort of Dickensian feel that London delivers so well . But there are rays of light , not only in the central friendship but , somewhat uniquely , in the single father and his son 's connection , which is both realistic and free from the standard tropes . No beatings or abuse , just two guys trying to understand each other with respect . Very nice.Some decent humor , plenty of quiet irony , and an oddly pleasant dour feel make this worth watching for fans of smaller , mellow character studies .
 Set in North London , Shane Meadows ' moving drama tells the story of the friendship between Marek , a Polish immigrant teen , and Tommo -LRB- Thomas Turgoose of This Is England fame -RRB- , a Midlands runaway . With physical/emotional absence of the parents , the boys form a strong bond , covered with teenage bravura.With good humor and warmth , this is an enjoyable coming-of age drama -LRB- and lighter then Meadows ' previous works -RRB- .
 i really liked this movie and thought it was one of shane meadows best . if you liked a room for romeo brass you will like this one too . a great movie with a great story . highly recommended
 A surprisingly sweet look at a friendship that develops between too lonely teenage boys . The ending is absolutely heart warming .
 -LRB- special thanks to Film Movement for providing me with an advance copy of this movie ! -RRB- Tomo -LRB- Thomas Turgoose -RRB- is a boy from Notingham , running away from unspecified problems at home . Marek -LRB- Piotr Jagiello -RRB- is a Polish boy , now living in London . The two boys meet and become friends , bonding together through their infautation with a beautiful French woman.That 's the basic synopsis of the film . Pretty simple , nothing special . Ah , but then you see the movie!I found a lot of pleasant surprises in the film . Marek 's father , for example , is a hard-working immigrant man and , almost astonishingly for modern fiction , it NOT abusive towards his son ! In fact the two seem to have a fairly healthy relationship , and , while it 's not a perfect one , it is one of the more realistic father/son relationships I 've seen on film.Also , there 's Tomo , a rather unlikable boy at first , who everytime someone gives him something out of the goodness of their hearts , has the attitude of , `` What , is that all ? '' Making him rather an unpleasant little oik , and one of the two main characters , took guts , and it pays off . Perhaps this is due to the balance provided by Marek , an all-around charming , friendly boy.The movie is a little shorter than some might like , but it packs a lot of story into 70 minutes . There 's great performances and nice , if subtle , cinematogprahy . It 's the first one I 've seen from Film Movement , and it encourages me to get more!Also included on the disc is the 10 minute short , `` Odd Shoe '' , about a very strange looking boy , his infatuation for a girl , and a pair of shoes . It 's a surprisingly effective little movie and well-worth watching .
 Some excellent teen dramas coming out of the UK lately , likeBoy Aand evenSummer Scarsfor others -LRB- not my favorite -RRB- and now this black & white version of life in Somers Town.A solid performance film by both kids and the believability appears spot-on for a working class movie . All of the words plastered into the cover art ring true ; heartwarming , witty , charming , etc. . None of the sets ever feel made up and the locations all look authentic . The color palette ending had just the right appeal for a completion on this kind of story . The supplements are a standard set for the Film Movement releases , including the interviews , text screen backgrounds on location history and a great short film.The short is titled Odd Shoe by Paul Cotter . Awesome little performance for this poor kid who happens upon a nice pair of shoes , but not without some serious heartache . Lasts 10 minutes and is worth the watch . The main feature is a short 68 minutes -LRB- 70 with credits -RRB- but is appropriate for the story.Four for the film , one for the extras and short film . Enjoy .
 `` Here is a film that awakens in us an awareness as unsettling as it is exhilarating , a vision in which we are not victims of fate but `` response-able '' participants in the illusion shattering dance with destiny . The prophetic heart explores the true frontiers of consciousness , where past , present and future meld seamlessly into activist art , an inclusive pulsing web of which we are both but a single inextricable strand and one of the crucial conscious weavers . We learn that our work is not only to create a sustainable future , but to develop the presence and judgment necessary to discern what values and ways of being are truly worth sustaining . Even as we face political repression and wars , environmental destruction and a culture of distraction and denial , we are each being given an assignment and opportunity to create holistic alternatives . We see that our personal struggles are part of a shamanic process of falling apart and being remade , much as the tumultuous Earth Changes tell the story of a living planet restoring balance through dramatic transformation . We come away from watching this film not paralyzed with fear of the what so many have prophesied , but called to emboldened to attempt the so called `` impossible '' ... _ called to be an active part of the shift and cure . '' - Jesse Wolf HardinSunny_Baba , Chief Arvol Looking Horse , Dr. John Todd , Ocean_arks , Jesse_Wolf_Hardin , anima_center , Corbin_Harney , Water , Sequoyah_Trueblood , Eugene_Tsui , Dr. Brian_Nattrass , Dr. Ralph_Metzner , Dr. Peter_Russell , Doug_Boyd , rolling_thunder , Rakweeskeh_Miller , Thomas_BerryDance With Destiny
 It is truley on of the most cheesy headless horseman movies ever made . But sometimes cheesy is good . 4 stars !
 This movie did in fact appear on the Sci-fi channel just a few days before Halloween last year -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . As a big Headless Horseman and `` Legend of Sleepy Hollow '' fan , I really enjoyed this movie.I must say , that if you are solely a fan of Washington Irving 's classic literary story , this movie will probably not appeal to you , because the only thing that this movie has in common with Irving 's story is the Headless Horseman . The similarities end there.As with `` Sleepy Hollow '' , `` The Hollow '' and other movies , this is a new take on the Headless Horseman legend.I must warn you , this movie is pretty bloody . If you dont enjoy seeing heads cut off , you wont enjoy it very much . lolI enjoyed it , because I like the way that they depicted the Headless Horseman . He is cool looking and we see some new things from him that we havent before . Most people think that The Headless Horseman only rides a horse . In this movie , we get a glimpse of him on a motorcycle . Also , in another scene , the Headless Horseman actually flies briefly . I also loved the scenes where `` Headless '' wears a lighted pumpkin on his shoulders . It 's a fantastic Halloween movie , but it can be enjoyed all year ` round.I can do without all of that `` evil '' nonsense . In Irving 's story , the Headless Horseman wasnt evil . A case can be made that he never even hurt anyone . He just liked to scared the heck out of the Sleepy Hollow villagers.That is the one thing that I dont like about some of the `` Headless '' movies.I like to think of `` Headless '' as a good guy who scares others , but doesnt actually hurt anybody.This movie has some funny scenes and the actors/actresses do a good job.I was worried that it would be a `` bust '' . But this movie actually is pretty good . The fact that `` Headless '' looks cool , and flies , rides the motorcycle , and wears the lighted pumpkin , makes it a 5 Star movie for me.To summarize , if you are looking for a story about Ichabod Crane , Katrina Van Tassel and Sleepy Hollow , this movie is not for you.However , if you are looking for a cool movie to enjoy which depicts the Headless Horseman opening up a can of headless whoop-butt , this is the perfect movie for you.It 's a fun movie , as long as you dont take it seriously.It is after all , simply a movie .
 Possible Spoilers
 Many of you are probably surprised by the 4 star rating I gave this movie . Give me a chance to explain . I 'm not rating this movie to oscar winning performances or even movies that have stood the test of time . I 'm comparing this movie to other B - horror movies . I thought the effects were pretty cool for being a low budget movie . I actually enjoyed watching the partying teens get murdered since they were annoying enough so you do n't feel sorry for them . I know most are disappointed since there is no sex or nudity involved . There was a really good looking local girl who 's helping the teens escape.I also thought there was some hilarious scenes thrown in there If you like low budget horror flicks this is for you . If your going to dissect this movie and the acting do n't bother it will be a waste of time . Just sit back and do n't lose your head about the plot it 's just a movie to escape . Do n't expect more than a good old time b horror movie at its best .
 I do have this DVD and enjoy watching it from time to time . About some teenagers or older who happen to be in the wrong place at the wrong time . Not realistic but entertaining .
 Syfy 's `` Headless Horseman '' -LRB- 2007 -RRB- is not based on Washington Irving 's tale of `` Sleepy Hollow , '' but why should it be since the headless horseman had been a motif of European folklore since at least the Middle ages ? Irving simply borrowed the monster for his tale.The film was shot in Romania but the story takes place in Missouri . A group of youths take a shortcut to a distant party and end-up in the cursed hamlet of Wormwood , where they encounter the diabolical headless horseman who wants their heads . Because the town is cursed and has a pit-gateway to hell the inhabitants are wont to help the horseman get his heads , except for one person.The film only plays it semi-straight with a strong air of self-parody or camp , which means it 's impossible to take seriously and you wo n't find the various horror antics chilling in any way , shape or form , unless maybe you 're under-aged . But this does n't mean it 's not entertaining . `` Headless Horseman '' takes elements from flicks like `` House of Wax -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- , '' `` Ogre - Unrated , '' `` Sleepy Hollow '' and `` Wrong Turn '' and does a decent job despite its TV budget . If you 're a fan of those types of films you 'll likely appreciate `` Headless Horseman . '' I prefer it to the latter two.The film excels in its sense of horrific fun . Beyond that it has a quality cast of no-names and a good ` lost town ' set . The no-name cast features not one , not two , not three , but four good-looking young women , including Elizabeth Prestel as Candy and Arianne Fraser as Tiffany . No nudity or sex , but it 's not needed , and Candy has a couple of really cute outfits . Excellent job on this front.As far as the special effects go , mostly CGI , I was impressed during the first half but they got pretty bad by the final act . This was a case where less would 've been more , but I guess the filmmakers felt they HAD to have an effects-laden finale . Too bad , because it really detracted from the film.Still , `` Headless Horseman '' is a quality low-budget horror flick that mostly gives the viewer the entertainment expected and desired . It 's not serious horror in the sense of taking seriously or provoking real chills , not at all , but it 's pretty darn entertaining.GRADE
 Put the grimm back in Grimm 's Faery Tales and love every minute of it ! Signourey Weaver is great in her role of an old monster - the kind that stalks the hall on your way to bed . While thinking `` yea , I can see it happening that way '' as a compliment to the story line the magic was fantastical enough to remain detatched and that keeps it one star away . An excellent bad weather movie , get it !
 I viewed this film last night and was pleased that i spent my money on this film . I rented it . I wanted to see it before I purchased it on Amazon . com and knew after I saw few minutes of it that this would be an amazing film . Monica Keena did a splendid job and believe me I was very suprised . I hated her character in `` Dawson 's Creek '' . She was the most ugliest creature and she made you despise her . Here in `` Snow White '' , she made you love her so innocently and tenderly . I fell in love with her . Her presence on screen was mesmerizing and Ms. Weaver 's terrifying . When a character can be loved and hated , that plainly anwers my questions for the film . It was excellent ! I loved and hated .
 Intriguing interpretation of the well-known story . Sigourney Weaver -LRB- Claudia -RRB- plays her part beautifully . Initially she is kind towards Lily -LRB- Snow White -RRB- . Like a spoilt brat , Lily spurns all her attempts to befriend her . The turning point comes when Claudia loses her own baby . From there onwards Claudia becomes the traditional evil stepmother with a mirror fixation . This version has some of the tallest dwarves you 'll ever see , excellent visual effects , a drippy and unfaithful prince -LRB- actually a doctor -RRB- and a feisty Snow White . I particularly liked the Dorian Gray ending . Enough said . Watch it for yourself .
 Perhaps it 's my nature to be attracted to more obscure creations , but I found this movie to be an exquisite work of art . I agree with another of the reviewers , the girl in the movie has a kind of rare , regal beauty . I could fall in love with her if I let myself . At any rate , at least see this movie once before you die .
 `` Snow White
 Show White
 I saw this movie for the first time a few years ago on tv . It was great . I always thought that the cartoon snow white was a little too fluffy to be a fairt tale , where 's the moral to the story if no one gets hurt ? The opening scene takes out snow white 's mother and sets the stage for the rest of the movie . A little gory and scary for little kids , but great for the rest of us . Sigourney Weaver makes a great evil stepmom . Wish the people that made it would redo more fairy tales .
 I 've been looking for this movie for quite some time , and finally found it at a video store yesterday . I just got done watching it , and have to say it was somewhat disappointing . I loved the scenery and the dark feel of this movie . I think taking the Grimm 's brothers story from a dark perspective is an ingenious idea - however this falls short . The story is so undeveloped . Is Sigourney Weaver crazy ? Is the mirror making her crazy ? What is her motives for wanting to track down and kill Lillian ? And hey , I thought Lillian was happy with marrying the handsome `` doctor '' . . so why does she end up with Gil Bellowes in the end ? Well , like I said , this movie had definite potential . . with a better screenplay this would have rocked ! It 's still worth watching - but it 's more of a `` See it once '' kind of movie .
 This is the version your supposed to know . If your into the brothers Grimm then this is for you . Truly a masterpiece . The quality of the film is that of a low budget b movie from the early Nineties but that should n't stop you from watching this film . If you believe in the Disney version of things , well you should still watch this movie . I owned it on vhs and had to purchase it on dvd . Like I said , a must watch must have film for the fantasy lovers .
 I came across this movie by fluke but I would have to say that this is one of the better versions of this movie that I have seen . I have watched the Disney version and also seen Mirror Mirror , and Snow White and the Huntsman . Snow White and the Huntsman along with this adaptation are one of the best . I would highly recommend this movie . It has a great story and a great cast .
 OOOOOOh . I do n't scare easily but this held my attention . Oh my what a spin on a children 's fairy tale .
 My wife and I love this movie . We watch it at least once a year , usually in the fall . The characters are interesting and well acted , and the story line is a great adaptation of the fairy tale . This is not for kids , but it 's a great flick for the kid in all of us .
 This type of fairy tale movie is more in tune with what fairy tales were meant to be originally
 If you enjoyed the recent Huntsman film , this will not disappoint . Gruesome fairytale story told as it was intended by the brothers Grimm . Weaver is even more evil than Charlize and it is a worthwhile addition to your truly entertaining movie library .
 i liked this version of snow white alsothe price is good and i would recommend it someone for it
 The original fairy tales of Renaissance and Medieval Europe were dark , gothic tales perfect for a time when overland travel could kill you and villages were cut off from each other by deep , dark , dangerous forests . The tales were often based on gossip that traveled many miles and many years , changing in the telling . For example , some etymologists think that Sleeping Beauty was based on the murderess , Countess Bathory , who bathed in the blood of virgins to keep herself young and was walled up alive as punishment . Traveling decades through the forests of Europe , the tale became one of a Sleeping Princess , locked forever in sleep behind unscaleable walls or thickets too deep to pass.By that standard , this cinematic version of the Snow White tale is one of the best ever as it relies on a psychological take and a real understanding of the dangers of Medieval Europe but at the same time retains the magic of fairy tales in a believable way . Snow White is the beloved daughter of a lord whose mother dies giving birth to her . Some years later , the father remarries and while the daughter and step-mother had the usual competition things might have been fine had not the step-mother lost her child in childbirth and was subsequently unable to bear another . The grief drove her to crazed jealousy and dark magic . Snow White , here called Lily is lost in the forest and the terrible living conditions and desperation of the common people is addressed and with a lighter hand than might be expected.This is also a beautiful piece in that the settings , the costumes , the cinematography are all beautiful without sacrificing the dirt and detail and hardship of those times . A wonderful production , so good that I am considering adding it to my permanent collection rather than just renting it . I am a huge fan of the original fairy tales and modern takes on those classics and this more than satisfies both appetites . Highly recommended to fans of Once Upon a Time , Princess Bride , The 10th Kingdom and literary retellings of fairy tales . Superb !
 Although Snow White is a fairy tale for children , it is not by any means of the word a `` Nice '' story . At its core it is horror story told in sweet terms . This film takes out the sweet part of it . Although the `` Snow White '' character , Liliana does fall in love she is not treated as a jewel by the people who take her in but rather as a pathetic creature who does n't understand them . As she grows to understand them she becomes stronger while the evil witch who is initially looked on as rather pathetic herself becomes more and more evil and ruthless because of some misguided idea that Liliana is to blame and her magic mirror leads her down this path . In some ways the evil witch is a sympathetic creature because all she wants is to bring her dead son back to life and she will kill anyone she has to in order to do that . Liliana , of course , is forced to come face to face with her . Liliana kills the mirror which is the real root of the evil and in the process kills the evil witch and saves herself , the man that she loves and her father.I prefer this telling because it shows a more realistic side of the story .
 Based on the classic fairytale with a darker twist . A little girl 's father remarries a nasty step mother . The step mother tries to have her killed and girl is forced to flee . She gets lost into he forest and stumbles across some guys who take her in . The step mother finds her and tricks her into eating an apple . Later she is awakened by `` prince charming '' ... and then returns to face her stepmother.Very good movie with Sigourney Weaver , a beautiful dresser , and zombie-like servants . The `` dwarves '' were turned into a band of runaway criminals -LRB- with unfair convictions -RRB- . Behind it all there is a little bit of romance , a little bit of suspense and some general creepiness.Up until the middle , the movie presents the tale with a realistic twist in the sense that the step mother does not have supernatural powers . At first it seems like she just went insane and paranoid . The step mother miscarries a child , which gives her a mental break where she starts talking to mirrors and accusing everyone of conspiracy , etc.Around this time , the movie goes down a little and they spin it into the typical fantasy/witchcraft tale . As it turns out , the step mother does possess magical powers that she uses against snow white . This in itself is n't too terrible because that 's how the well-known story goes . However , I found it a little disappointing because I think it would have been ten times better if they kept going on the realistic side .
 This is one of the best fairy tales I have ever seen . All the actors were excellent in this film . Weaver was outstanding as the evil stepmother . The young actress who played Lilly was outstanding as well and VERY , VERY beautiful !!! The film was also well photographed and delicously creepy !! My thumb is up with a great deal of admiration !!
 You need to have an open mind to take the sentimental version of the classic Snow White story and throw it out the window , then go outside and get it , and bring it back inside . Shake it up and down , turn it inside out , use consummate professional actors and actresses , have great sets that include a forest , and then take considerable poetic license . Having said that , this 1997 version of Snow White had some incredible creativity , impressively thought out adaptations -LRB- including what they did with the magic mirror - this version has it as part of an ornate wardrobe cabinet instead of the oval depiction typical to most sets for Snow White -RRB- , and although there is absolutely zero chemistry between Sam Neill and Sigourney Weaver , there is n't supposed to be . It was a marriage of nobility and propriety , not one of love or passion . Sigourney plays the role of Lady Claudia , the evil stepmother , and although I find Sigourney otherwise profoundly attractive , she exudes repulsiveness in this film just like it is meant to be done - even before her transformation into the old crone -LRB- witch -RRB- . Sam Neill has a clueless character part that appears dull and weak , but again , that is what was meant to be portrayed . There is no real steal-the-show , stand out performance that leaves all the others behind , and somehow there seems to be a flux of camaraderie among the cast that buoys this film along wondrously . It definitely is n't for anyone who is easily given nightmares , for there is believable evil and foreboding nastiness beyond anything Walt Disney would have sanctioned . But , if you want a fresh perspective on a classic story , this film definitely is a banquet in that direction . Not to put too fine a point on it , I found myself wanting the ornate wardrobe cabinet , but without the magic and evil . Great costumes , great set , great acting , and well written . Purists wo n't care too much for this version of Snow White , but I found it exhilarating and innovative . Two thumbs up , and five stars . I 've watched this DVD many , many times since my purchase .
 Monica Keena is the INCREDIBLY beautiful Lilliana , daughter of a newly remarried nobleman/widower -LRB- played by Sam Neill -RRB- , and living in a European land just coming out of the medieval era . Lilli 's new stepmother , Claudia -LRB- Sigourney Weaver -RRB- , is obsessed with her own vanity , in more ways than one . She is determined that no one around her will be as attractive as she , or steal her new husband 's attention away from her for even a moment . Soon , Claudia is with child , and when the baby is born dead , Claudia places all her anger and blame on Lilli . In her distraught condition , a new character emerges to take advantage of the situation . Something evil lives within the doors of Claudia 's heirloom Vanity . Her mother 's wicked mirror begins to tempt and guide Claudia into a life of cruelty and witchcraft . In no time , she has Lilli running for her life at every turn . The lovely young girl soon finds herself living with a nest of outcasts in the forest who spend their days working in a mine and their nights in unrest . At first , they are cruel to the girl whom they see as a spoiled `` princess , '' but after saving her more than once , and at much sacrifice , they grow to love her . But the wicked Claudia has a final trick up her sleeve
 This is no fairy tale for sure but this is a tale anyway . The fairy has become a witch . The Prince has become a castaway thief , the dwarves are outlaws , and so on . It is a dark tale coming from the dark past that we call dark because it believed in the devil and in its constant and permanent presence one way or another . Magic was necessarily black magic and the marvellous necessarily was antichristian and satanic . The story is in no way surprising except for the people who have only encountered Disneyland Snow White in their life . Reality is slightly more perverse . The great power of this film is purely artistic
 Being a fan of fairy-tales ; true fairy-tales that have not been `` made pretty '' by Disney and his ilk , and loving a film with strong gothic overtones and a touch of magic ; I was rather well satisfied with this version of the tale of Snow White . Tastes range wildly and if you search long enough you are bound to find films that meet yours precisely . This was the case for me when I stumbled across this one . While this movie most certainly got mixed reviews when it was released -LRB- and still is it would seem if the reviews here are any indication -RRB- , I personally found this one to fit my personal taste perfectly.This 1997 version of the classic pretty well sticks to the one as collected by the Brothers Grimm . Yes , there are variations , but of the dozens upon dozens of renditions of this story on film , each has its own twist . At least this one kept to the overall mood , time and place the Brothers placed theirs . The origins of this story were quite likely German but most of the countries in Europe have there own . This film was shot in the Czech Republic and in Barvaria , and if for no other reason than to see the scenery ; the wild woodland and ancient castles , then the viewer should consider this one.This film is not wildly known which surprises me somewhat as the acting in it is wonderful . Sigourney Weaver plays a perfect wicked step-mother and Monica Keena fits the role of Snow White perfectly . Weaver 's classic beauty blends well with the drop-dead gorgeous Keena . The supporting cast is made up of very talented actors ... not a dog performance among them did I spot . -LRB- Well , there was of course a dog in this movie , but even he did a good job of playing his part -RRB- . The costuming is some of the best I have seen in recent years.Anyway , this is a very , very dark version of this particular fairy-tale ; very dark indeed . I am at a bit of a loss as to how to classify it . It most certainly is not a horror picture as there is really very little to be frightened of . To call it a movie of `` terror '' is stretching the definition of terror a bit far in my opinion . Yes , there is blood , death and some rather disturbing scenes , but nothing that I would call over the top . I suppose if you stick to the premise of just what a `` fairy-tale '' is , you would be pretty safe . These old folk tales where made to scare children ; and indeed adults , into doing what was write . They were passed on word of mouth from generation to generation before they saw print . They were told around the fire at night to show the fate of those who break the rules or willfully follow their base human nature . They were meant to teach that there were some very dire consequences for bad behavior . This movie most certainly does the job fairy-tales were made for.For me this was a completely different version of this old tale but one that is just as valid of the dozen or more I have seen or read . I was entertained and to be quite frank , that is the only reason I really watch movies for.Don BlankenshipThe Ozarks
 I 'm not going to get all Ebert & Roeper on you like everyone does . Let me sum it up . This movie is great . I had seen it once years ago and remembered it being a cool flick . It did not disappoint this time around either . Wether your a fan of Horror , Thriller , Fairytale , or Suspense , you will find this movie entertaining . Definitely worth checking out .
 This movie is awesome ! It really keeps your attention -- me and my friends usually fall asleep when we watch movies , but not this one ! It 's not that it 's really gory , it 's more creepy & suspenseful than horror . The main girl is so pretty ! I love that she 's pale with dark hair & still really gorgeous .
 I watched this movie a few years ago . It 's a darker version of Snow White and is n't nearly as cheery as the original version . It 's well done , follows the original story pretty well . The costumes are first rate.Sigourney Weaver is the evil stepmother , but instead of being an ugly old hag as in the orginial story she is beautiful . I 've never seen her in a costume like this and she is nothing short of stunning in it . Herperformance in it is flawless as always , and the expressions she uses are priceless.I admit I 'm a great fan of hers and if you like her , you 'll love her in this story.Sam Neill plays the part of the father . He does a fair job of playing this part . I do n't know if the script was written this way , but he seemed pretty milk toast to me . I expected more of a man than this . He seems pretty mamby pamby as the father . That 's just my impression of him.To be honest I bought the movie because of Sigourney Weaver and the theme of the movie . Sometimes I like darker stories and this one really caught my eye.If you like my review then you should at least watch this movie or go rent it , and decide if you want to buy it . If you do n't like my review then watch it anyway and make up your own mind . I wanted this in my library so I bought it.Dave P.
 I love this movie . I think I remember something in the news aboutsome angry ignorant mothers who accidentally took their kids to see it.This movie is more of an occult flick and is not suitable for little kidsor those spooked out religious nutcases . Definitely a collectors piecefor a horror movie buff .
 A very ` true to tale ' version of Snow White that will have you traumatized for days ! Weaver plays a WICKED queen and should have been given an award for her performance . The acting was very good with all of the actors and the costumes were great ! This movie should have been more popular than it was but it certainly has my vote as a new classic !!!
 This was surprisingly quite good . The first time I watched it , I was actually surprised to find it interesting and inventive . This is not your G version of Snow White . It is dark and depressing and creepy . It is also a beautiful film visually . The acting is all quite good in this and even though you will recognize the story in this film , it is twisted to a more darker adult type of film . This is not a movie for children . If someone is looking to watching something out of the ordinary , this is the perfect movie .
 How did I miss this when it was originally released ? I am a great fan of horror/suspense movies and this is right up there with the best of them !! This somewhat gruesome version of the classic fairly tale is completely engrossing-if you do n't mind seeing everything you believed about fairy tales dispelled ! Most of us remember the stories of our childhood as simple tales of good vs. evil with the lines clearly drawn but that is not so clear in this version . Sure , Sigourney Weaver is ultimately quite wicked but she 's a little sympathetic and sad , too . I came across this during Halloween week and I 'm glad I took the time to give it a chance !
 I saw Snow White-A Tale of Terror a few times and each time I enjoy it more . I am a little sad that I sold it although as I had an impulse to do so and now I regret it . I am not very fond of the horror of it , but I am fond of the beauty in the film , the setting of the forests and Lilliana 's clothing . There were times when things were said in the film which made me think of a modern day saying . It could have been better if the wording and the script was written with more grace and introspection of that time and age . It was almost as if it was modern but with the old-fashioned scenery and forests . It could have been developed more . Otherwise if the script were to change this would be a favorite of mine . Thank you for reading .
 I quite enjoyed this movie , and wish there were more out there like it ! Lovely visuals , costuming , and characters . I rather think I fell in love with the scarred peasant hunk myself . Now where is the dark retelling of Little Red Riding Hood ...
 I love this movie , when you watch it , you forget about everything around you.the scenery is wonderfull.I loved it that snow white fought back , the wicked queen was absolutely great.I loved who she fell in love with.watch this movie and you will never be sorry .
 This film could have been great if the editor had cut about a third more out of it . It 's much too long . I would start by removing ALL of the development of Snow White 's relation ship with the social outcasts that replace the dwarves ... it is an unfortunate mess , and contains a near-rape scene that is just unnecessary . The thieves are not a sympathetic replacement for Happy , Doc and Sneezy , regardless of their traumatic histories ... this is supposed to be about Snow White . It becomes tedious and unpleasant , but the good parts are good , and the actors are top-notch . Bad , editor , bad !
 This film is a `` modern '' adaptation of the popuar fairy tale and is one of the best I 've seen . This film is more for teens and adults than small children , but is reflective of the true story . The acting , makeup , costumes , and sets are incredible for a film that did n't get much actual screen-play and is definately worth viewing . It 's beome one of my favorite fantasy films !
 The cutesy Disney cartoon this ai n't . Although the BASIC story structure remains , SNOW WHITE
 This film is easily one of my top ten favorites . The whole movie is amazing , with brilliant cinematography , beautiful lighting , and breath-taking scenery and use of color . The costuming is excellent . The film follows the Grimms ' Snow White fairytale , but the story is told from a much more sinister point of view . This film pulls no punches and has a very dark , gothic atmosphere . Not a cute little Disney fairy tale . Some really good acting from Sigourney Weaver , and Monica Keena makes an excellent Snow White . -LRB- She is absolutely gorgeous ! -RRB- Lots of scenes shot on location in Czech forests , castles , churches , etc. . Takes place during the late Middle Ages . A very exciting film with superb visuals and a very chilling atmosphere . Do n't miss it !
 Snow White as horror movie , it sounds preposterous , but in fact it is quite a good idea . Grimm 's fairytales can get pretty gruesome too . The creators of this movie made something special of it . Sam Neill is a bit insipid as the father , but Sigourney Weaver as the stepmother plays one of her best parts ever and obviously enjoys being evil . The whole atmosphere of the movie is very gothic and it looks great . It may seems somewhat degrading for horror fans to watch a movie named Snow White , but as the posters say
 I was n't `` terrified '' by this movie , but I do love it for what it is . The setting and costumes are charming and artistic , the casting very appropriate . The dark tone to the film is somewhat haunting , and yet at the same time there is an enchanting elegance to it . The native forest scenery is particularly breathtaking , and the castle presents itself as both lovely and ghastly.The movie is altogether a welcome change from cloying animated fairy tales . I 'm proud of this movie for going in the Grimm Brothers direction , and asserting that a story like `` Snow White '' is not necessarily meant exclusively for children , if at all.Some may think Sigourney Weaver as the stepmother was over the top , or rather that the character was written to be too over the top . However , the viewer must remember that this is a fairy tale -- it 's meant to be over the top -LRB- particularly when madness is involved ! -RRB- . Fairy tales are defined by their use of magical elements in telling a story . This telling of the story manages to employ especially the use of the supernatural as a means of illustrating , with horrific hyperbole , the dangers of obsessive vanity and jealousy , emphasizing the versatility of fairy tale motifs.I highly recommend this film for lovers of authentic fairy tales . Do n't watch it expecting to be scared , but rather creeped out in a Grimm Brothers sort of way . Also , do n't expect to be awfully surprised -- there are plenty of plot twists in this movie that some find surprising , and others find contrived . However , in the end , you do n't need to be surprised when you 're watching a fairy tale , for these are stories nearly as old as time . A fairy tale newly told is more an experience of one person 's artistic interpretation than a new story , and this movie is an admirable example of such .
 For people that think this movie is a little too dark , just remember this
 Retains the flavor of the actual folktale . If you think otherwise , do yourself a favor and find a copy of the original tales of the brothers Grimm that has n't been butchered to make the stories ` suitable ' for our fragile children ...
 I am amazed this movie did n't hit it big . I suppose that just goes to show the stupidity of the populace ... . But this movie is wonderful . Everything about it was fantastic . I am a rough movie critic , but I must admit it had great costumes , a magical setting , fantastic actors ... . The skill of these is evident as you begin to notice the slight changes in the facial features of the Queen , for example , as she begins to resent her stepdaughter . This is no conservative fairy tale . And I must say , Snow White , called Lilyana in the film , is the most beautiful girl I 've ever seen . I hope to see her more in future films . If you can not buy this film directly , at least rent it . It is truly a work of art .
 This is a great turn on the whole `` poor-little-princess-lost-in-the-woods-with-seven-little-men-who-just-take-her-in-with-no - questions-asked '' thing.In this delightful movie , the seven dwarves arent small and cute at all ! They are all scar riddeled men , who have been unjustly punished by those in power , and are hiding in the woods to excape execution . Snow Whites step Mother tries to be nice , and generally is , untill a stillborne baby makes her go phyco , and her magic mirror warps her mind into thinking she can get the baby back by going on a killing spree . Prince Charming , is a nieve goody two shoes , who is sleeping with the Evil step mother , but yet dose n't smudge his poor little choir boy image . Snow White ends up falling in love with one of the seven `` dwarves '' -LRB- he 's realy hot -RRB- and after he saves her from her early apple induced coffin , they both go and rescue her father , while the evil queen goes down in flames , her creepy little resurected baby by her side ! This movie is A * W * E * S * O * M * E !
 It 's kind of funny to see so many people compare this to Disney 's version or to see comments like `` a fairy tale this is n't . '' The truth is , this movie is the closest to what the original fairy tales were . They were pretty horrific , full of things we would never dream of putting in them now.This movie , however , returned to a more epic story , where the characters were given actual names , like Snow White was named Lilliana and the evil queen was named Claudia . They were not one-sided , as someone else mentioned . Lilliana was a bit of a spoiled brat , while Claudia went mad due to an event that Lilliana herself accidentally caused . The tone of the movie is set by a dark , gloomy wood in the middle of winter in the first scene , and never quite leaves it . The cinematography was amazing in this film . The performances were superb.This movie , `` Ever After , '' `` The 10th Kingdom , '' and `` The True Story of Jack and the Beanstalk '' return to the origins of fairy tales . These movies , though all of them but this movie can be viewed by most audiences , are all more adult in content . Their target audiences are adults , young adults , and teenagers . In that , they seek the same audiences the original fairy tales , told by bards of old , did .
 This movie may well be as the Grimm brothers intended due to the fact that they were not written as children 's fairy tales the way Disney portrays them . In my opinion it is not appropriate for children under 12 years of age . The shipping was prompt and the DVD adequately protected and sealed . A good transaction .
 Very very very very as stated and on time thank you very much . This movie is really good and I watch it everyday .
 I actually passed this movie up when it was in the theaters because I did n't think it would be good . I was totally wrong . This film is actually quite good with a solid script and some excellent performances by all the principles , especially the actress playing Snow White as well as Sigorney Weaver and Gill Bellows , who has a handful of lines but has a terrific energy onscreen . Even the smaller supporting roles are inhabited by character actors you 'll recognize who bring depth to their parts.The film is beautiful , gothic and spooky in the best Medievel ways . This film is actually much better than the newer version with Charlize Theron and Kristin Stewart , mainly because of a stronger script and a MUCH better actress playing Snow . My only wish was that they would have spoken in period language with English accents instead of contemporary English with American accents . Even so , you get used to that rather quickly . If you like fairytales the way the Grimm Brothers meant to tell them ... which is grim , to say the least ... check out this surprisingly beautiful , erie and enchanting film .
 One thing I must get off my mind about this re-release , is why ? Only for it to be in widescreen ? Why no extras or interviews ? I also found out Walmart is selling this and I could have picked this up minus the shipping and handling costs . The film itself is very well done and goes its own route of storytelling . I would n't say its better than the new Snow White that went to theaters this year with Charlize Theron , it just does its own thing . The finale gave me the chills and I do not get frightened anymore by horror films . I think another reviewer already mentioned this , but yes , this film did have a Time Bandits-type of vibe to it .
 Weaver is amazing in this version of the tale . This does not require a long review . The story is told the way it was intended to be without any `` Disney '' type foolishness . A masterpiece .
 This is a very dark telling of Snow White , and it was pulled off really well . Historical research was done for this , so the setting is more realistic than you would find for say , the Disney film or such , but there are some magical elements interwoven into this story in a realistic way . Sigourney Weaver did an awesome job as the wicked stepmother / ` evil queen ' , and this is a great ` adult ' version of Snow White .
 Remember those scary tales when you were a kid , well here is one caught on film . The tale is very true to the Brother 's Grim versions , not a modern `` disneyized '' version . It is a fairy tale that can give adults the creeps . If you like a good scary story , this is it .
 This was a good adaptation of a classical tale but I would n't classify it as a horror movie . It was exceptional acting and a good start for Monica Keena , but not what I had hoped for . I hoped for a little more flare and excitement .
 This is a good video of the classic story . I liked Sigorny Weaver as the step mother and Sam Neil as the father . Good rendition of the dark fairy tale .
 Sigourney Weaver was excellent as the step mother and the story line worked for me as well . If you want to be scared , buy this DVD
 This movie cuts deep if only you allow it ... the raw and plastic love with Lilly 's suitors , the pain and anguish of one losing that which they love so dearly , the betrayal ... oh the betrayal ... How could he after he loved so purely , take another?The vicious hate ridden jealousy ... Sadly , the ill made , robotic moving baby ... did they hit a two for one sale at Kmart ?
 This movie 's cool !!! The darkest and scariest version of fairy tale that turns bedtime story into nightmere.I love it !
 I love dark and gothic movies and sometimes its hard to find ones that actually are interesting . I love the acting in it and the setting . If you are in to this kind of stuff this is the right movie for you
 Hubby first rented this movie for us . I remember thinking what did they do to that cute little Disney movie ? My bad : PI was entertained throughout the whole movie , being sucked in to the dark tone to the plot and visuals . The section of Lady Claudia and her baby freaked me out -LRB- few things freak me out - undead topics is one of them -RRB- . Sigourney performs at her usual high level.Sam Neill is a nincompoop.Monica Keena plays a clueless girl very well .
 This `` tale of terror '' is not at all sweet like its Disney predecessor , of course as everyone says , this is the version of the Grimm Brothers ' tale is actually more faithful to the original text . And for once the Evil Stepmother actually has a stronger motive for her hatred although beauty is still the source of her jealousy . Sigourney Weaver is scary in this movie , it took me a while to see that it was her on both cover pictures . This movie is quite smart in its plot and not that gruesome , except when Lady Claudia rubs the heart against her body . I really loved the setting of this movie which is in the Tcheque Republic . Overall 4 stars for imagination and trying to see what was a more plausible story at the base of the timelessly sugar-coated fairy tale . The Ever After without the romance or humour .
 I simply adored `` Snow White
 I remember when the film debut on cable and was excited to see it . When I finally did I was amazed by how the movie was different from the fairy tale , but happy to see famous scenes , such as Lillian eating the apple , not left out . This film is a great horror film . This film has the right amount of violence and very little sexual situations . I asked my Gothic Literature teacher to allow the class to view it and everyone loved it . My family loves it and I recommend to everyone . I 'm hoping the director will soon do a Cinderella and Sleeping Beauty tale of terror .
 Snow White-a tale of terror is n't just a tale that is merely entertainment . This tale actually teaches you about life . It 's very real , dark and hopeful at the same time . I loved Lili and her courage to defeat the evil stepmother . I liked how it was a battle between good and evil . I think it has a lot to teach about vanity , jealousy , and deception . Not to forget , LOVE . Real Love ! Lili was a courageous character and I aspire to be like her .
 This movie was extremely good . Its like it came from the Grimm Brothers fairy tales . I happen to like them very much . It had a very good plot and the actors did very well I think . I like it that someone finally made it into a not so `` happy-ending . '' It was just a well written story with an intricate plot and well rounded characters !
 `` Snow White
 a damnably good new interpretation of the classic tale ... an original and intriguing little piece of eye candy . * must * see . END
 product arrived on time . neat take on a fairy tale , good performances from all . will watch it again
 This is by far the best version of the classic fairy tale ever created . Sigourney Weaver is fantastic as Snow White 's evil sorcereress step-mother - driven to madness by the thurst to be flawless .
 Sorry for the french title but it had to get out . I think thant this movie is quite good and not that far from the original version . Sure , it 's darker and absolutely not for little children , but at least , they did n't film stupid things like Snow White who wakes up after the kiss of a prince ! I also liked to see that the miners were 7 ordinary guys.For myself , I thought that Lili did a good choice buy choosing Will over the noble ! In the Disney movie , she chose the guy with the pretty face . In this version of Snow White , she chose the guy with the good heart . Is n't that a good lesson to learn to our children?Very talented actors . Loved Gil Bellows -LRB- Will -RRB- who I think did a pretty good job at creating a caracter who was thought and scarred -LRB- physically and mentally -RRB- but became more sensible with the contact of Lili.A last word in French ? J'ai beaucoup aim&eacute; et j' attends avec impatience qu'il fassent ` La belle au bois dormant ' de la mme faon !
 This is a scary , weird and delightfully Grimm ! The evil stepmother begins with good intentions but becomes annoyed when it becomes clear that the father prefers his daughter 's happiness above hers . `` Oh Lord Hoffman , can you be more stupid ? '' The answer is yes and yes again , till his wife decides to kill the daughter using magic and reading runes but it betrayed by her brother . Traitor ! Traitor ! Mirrors are magic , Mum 's pet raven becomes her eyes and salvation is twisted with one poisoned apple and outlaws . Altogether a wonderful remake of an old fairy tale . Well done !
 There seems to be a renewed passion for `` snow while '' this summer as there are already two big-budget movies on this old-time kid 's classic . It 's definitely a pleasant surprise to stumble upon this one - so little known but still worthwhile -LRB- at least I 've never heard of it until most recently -RRB- . Overall , I enjoyed the mood and the twists of this movie . The development of the lead characters are very interesting
 This version of Snow White has all the horror of the original tale , and some new twists to keep you wondering until the end . Snow White , called Lily in this version , lost her mother as she was born . Her father marries Lady Claudia , a beautiful woman who is outwardly a devout Christian , but still casts runes in her own rooms , and whose weakness is a mirror and her need to be the center of attention . At first she is pleasant to her new stepdaughter , but she soon becomes jealousy of Lily , who alone seems to draw her husband 's attention away from her , leading her to decide Lily must die . Lily escapes into the forest ... then the story really becomes interesting.If you enjoy seeing fairy tales the way they were meant to be you 'll enjoy this !
 This `` tale of terror '' is not at all sweet like its Disney predecessor , of course as everyone says , this is the version of the Grimm Brothers ' tale is actually more faithful to the original text . And for once the Evil Stepmother actually has a stronger motive for her hatred although beauty is still the source of her jealousy . Sigourney Weaver is scary in this movie , it took me a while to see that it was her on both cover pictures . This movie is quite smart in its plot and not that gruesome , except when Lady Claudia rubs the heart against her body . I really loved the setting of this movie which is in the Tcheque Republic . Overall 4 stars for imagination and trying to see what was a more plausible story at the base of the timelessly sugar-coated fairy tale . The Ever After without the romance or humour .
 Released in 1997 as a TV-Movie , Snow White - A Tale of Terror is clearly a movie which influenced the 2012 movie Snow White and the Huntsman . In both cases they move away from the bird-and-bunny filled Disney version and stick more closely to the dark roots of the Grimm world . In Tale of Terror , despite its implication that this is some sort of a Freddy Krueger bloodbath , it 's really much more psychological.Sigourney Weaver is brilliant as the stepmother tasked to come into the family of father-plus-daughter . She tries her best , even bringing the young girl a new puppy . But , as we know can happen with newly formed families , all did not go smoothly . The young girl resents the intrusion on her father 's affection . The new stepmother gets frustrated and jealous of the father 's adoration of his daughter , who reminds him of his dead wife . And , trapped in a single location for long years on end , the emotions build and build.So rather than an evil , nasty , out-to-slay woman from the very beginning , Weaver 's character is far more intricate . This means if you 're hyped for a super-action film you might be disappointed here . The build is far more subtle , as the little things in life -LRB- along with a few not-so-little things -RRB- build up to finally push her over the edge into madness.The movie is set in a late medieval era with hints of fantasy in it . Not entirely historically accurate , but after all , this is a fairy tale.SPOILER ALERT TO FOLLOW - BOTH FOR HUNTSMAN AND TERRORI watched this and Huntsman in `` reverse order '' - I saw Huntsman first and then this one . When I watched Huntsman I was not pleased with the storyline that she had a love who adored her for years . Then she meets a `` rougher guy '' and in only a few hours she decides he 's the one for her . In watching Terror , I see that this was probably the source for that situation . Here we have Snow White deeply in love with a kind , well traveled , intelligent doctor . He proposes marriage to her , and she accepts.And then she ends up with the `` seven dwarves '' - and one of them is a rough , handsome guy . So it seems that literally the second time she talks with him they are kissing . By the time the Queen/Crone shows up a few scenes later , Snow White is stating she 's in love with him.So the doctor shows up and is immediately worried about her . Yes , he momentarily falls for the Queen 's seductions - and then he 's off looking . He finds her and brings her home . But it 's clear that she does n't really care any more . She only wants the guy-of-the-moment . And then , conveniently , the doctor is slain , but nobody even cares . She 's just happy that she 's back with her dwarf . It does n't even seem like she looks to see if the doctor is OK.I 'm not fond of storylines where a decent , noble , reliable , steadfast guy is thrown under the bus because some new hot-stuff guy has shown up for a minute or two.So I 'll give it 4/5 because I like most of the movie in general , but it loses a star for the Doctor / Dwarf situation .
 most reviews of `` snow white , a tale of terror '' highlight the wonderful performance of sigourney weaver as the wicked queen , in addition to touching on either how good -LRB- or not -RRB- monica keena was as snow white , or ` lilly ' . while both , in my opinion were great casting coups , the pleasant surprise in this movie comes from gil bellows . this is not your sometimes annoying , ultra clean cut ` ally mcbeal ' / ` miami rhapsody ' gil bellows . this is gil as we 've never seen him before , -LRB- and most likely never will again -RRB- . he 's dirty , scruffy , sweaty , smuldering , and sexy -- the perfect tortured anti-hero of this twisted tale . his presence presents yet another welcomed curb in the road as this interpretation of the classic story continues its journey off of the beaten path . if watch this film for nothing else , watch it for gil bellows .
 I 've always thought the Disney version of SNOW WHITE needed something extra . Something like mass murder , immolation , or crucifixion . What the ... ?? It 's as though the movie gods have read my mind ! In SNOW WHITE
 Make certain that the kids are safely tucked away in bed before popping this movie into the DVD player ... SNOW WHITE
 `` Snow White '' has always been my favorite Grimms Brothers fairy tale . The story is rich in imagery and examines rivalry between parents and children and a young girl 's awakening to maturity . `` Snow White - A Tale of Terror '' is a frightening an realistic examination of this familiar tale . Be warned , this version is not for children ! The writers utilize scenes from the original Grimms story , which was not meant for children anyway . Instances of cannibalism , gore , and torture are graphically portrayed . This movie plumbs the psychological depths of the fairy tale and the characters are far from being `` cookie cutter '' models . Each character is developed very well and they are not all good or all evil.The primise of this movie concerns a nobleman , Frederic Hoffman , and his wife Lilliana . After a carriage accident , Lilliana is near death . She pleads with her husband to save their unborn baby , and he performs a searean section . The child survives although the mother loses her life . A few years pass , and Fredric marries again . Lady Claudia -LRB- Sigurney Weaver -RRB- , is a well-intentioned woman who strives to make her husband happy . However , from the beginning Frederic 's little girl , Lilliana , resents her stepmother . As the years pass , the resentment and hostility between the two females grows
 It 's dark and has an interesting take on the classic story . Though the back story of Snow 's love interest was lacking , it 's still a keeper.Snow 's love interest ... I like to think that he was the son of a noble family , and his parents had opinions that others did n't agree with , which is why they were attacked .
 Snow White as it was meant to be . Signourney and Sam are at their best in this dark and scary rendition of Snow White . Not for the faint of heart .
 This is an awesome thriller but it is also quite stupid
 What I 've read and heard about the brothers Grimm suggests to me that this rendition of Snow White is closer to their vision than that portrayed by Disney.In this version Lilli 's -LRB- Snow White -RRB- mom , pregnant with Lilli , has died from injuries sustained when their coach tumbles off the road . They were able to save Lilli . A few years later her father -LRB- Sam Neill -RRB- is remarrying to Claudia -LRB- Sigourney Weaver -RRB- . Lilli is resentful and something is afoot with Claudia . The relationship between the two women becomes more strained over the years and Claudia is resolved to get rid of Lilli and bring the entire estate , along with her husband , down.This is a pretty creepy flick . I 'm not certain of the exact story behind Claudia . The mirror plays an important part . It 's like a Dorian Grey/vanity thing . But during one address she invokes her mother and asks what she thinks of the distance her daughter has come in life and stature . What 's with that !? But she is a witch . She can cast spells and drive various sources of nature . She 's scary in an unstable mind kind of way . Lilli is a bit of a brat which posed problems for me later in the movie . When she escapes being hunted in the woods by Claudia 's men , and gets lost is when she meets the seven . One is a dwarf but as a band they live on the outside . They work a mine , have poor living quarters and are dirty , mean and resentful of authority . She treats them with disdain and they want her for the ransom she 'll bring . So when she become compassionate toward them and starts to fall for the Gill Bellows member of the group , it seems out of character and rushed.This is generally a good movie . It has a good look and feel to most of it . Some of the sets are n't up to par and some of the wardrobe looks too much like costumes . Simon Boswell handles the music so it 's up to snuff . It 's just a bit disjointed for me . It needed a bit more time to let things happen and some smoothing out of the script . Weaver gives the strongest performance . Monica Keena is Okay as Lilli . Sam Neill has long worn out his welcome with me so I can not comment on his performance . Gill bellows is decent enough in a role that does n't give him much room to breathe . A big surprise for me is the director . Michael Cohn only directed 3 movies of which this was the third . What happened to him . There seems to be plenty of talent here ? Did he fall off the face of the earth?This might not be quite worth the four stars I gave it but it 's worth seeing if only for the interesting treatment of the story .
 Possibly , this is the best and closest representation of the Grimms brothers ' original fairytale . Unlike Disney 's take on it , this film left me interested enough to go out and buy it . The characters have depth , the villains have a grieving side that makes you almost pity them , and the heroine is n't perfect , but is likeable and accepting . Plus you should see the Dwarves ! The only reason I give it four stars is because I did miss one scene of it after a commercial break I was late getting back from ; a lot happened in that small amount of time . All in all however , this is a movie worth seeing again , as you may be left having missed something the first time through , even if you do see it all at once . I would recommend this movie to anyone with a love of fairytales , like of not-too-horrible horror movies , and a curiosity of the supernatural .
 This is n't a movie for little kids , although it is nonetheless a fairy tale . The problem with a movie like this is that it 's very hard to figure out who its target audience is supposed to be.I 'm a college student , and I liked this movie enough after I saw it on TV several years ago to buy it and add to my Fantasy DVD collection . I 'm a huge fairy tale fan , so this movie is right up my alley.It 's a pretty dark movie , but of course our `` Snow White '' will be alright in the end , so it 's nothing depressing . And it 's got a hint of romance , so as a girl , I can appreciate this :-RRB- Just do n't try to compare it to Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs or anything!Bottom line
 This arrived way early , and in perfect condition . I expected it to be scratched or damaged somehow , but it was in PERFECT condition , what more can you ask for ??
 Good movie , would have been great if it was n't quite so fake looking and would have been more along the actual story line . The ending could have been much better as well .
 Not your child 's fairy tale . Sigourney Weaver is excellent as the witch stepmother . Good movie for teens and adults .
 Absolutely love this !! It is visual , it is well written and directed . . the acting could be betteron Weavers part , but it is still decent ... and this is not for the kids !!!! I loved the dark tale of vanity , jealousy and madness on the part of one character who then heaps her villainy upon all ... and no 7 dwarves . . never could get those nAMES DOWN !!! = + -RRB- So , if you like a gothic thrill , here 's a good movie 4 you
 Not your Disney flick here . Beautifully filmed and acted.A fairy tale for grown-ups / mature teens.Scary and romantic .
 i found this movie by accident , enjoyed very much , just had a weird feeling of profanity ... LOL ... isnt just a fairy tail .
 This version of Snow White embraces the original telling and genuinely delivers the shivers the tale was intended to deliver . No talking wise cracking animated animals , this is over thirteen entertainment from the dark side . Well worth the purchase price and destined to become a horror classic , Sigourney Weaver delivers an intense performance that younger children and some adults as well might find disturbing .
 This is a pretty dark film , there 's blood , there 's death and murder and even some dark magic . Its definitely not one for the kiddies , but it is a great film . Its interesting to see different versions to classic fairy tales . The heroine in this film is tough , the `` dwarfs '' are outlaws hiding in the woods , the father stays alive throughout the film , and `` Snow White '' never meets a prince . Its got a happy ending though , and for me thats all that matters .
 The Grimm fairy tales were written to teach children and adults lessons . They were created not to have happy endings , but teach a lesson on life . If we were to go back to the days we would see all our beloved Disney fairytales with gruesome endings.This movie puts the Grimm tale into a realistic view of the story . It 's completed without the chintzy blood and guts of horror/slasher films , but with the subtle and dark gothic images from the scenes in the forest to those heightened events in the castle.Sigourney Weaver was excellent in this film because her portrayal of the evil Queen made you hate her and feel for her at the same time . It 's almost as if the circumstances are what made her act the way she did . It 's not your children 's fairy tale . It is a dark movie told the way it was told when it was originally written.I really enjoy films that make you think and draw you in . This film was excellent . However , if you are looking for a horror film with lots of blood , guts , gore and fighting typical of a slasher/horror film - this is not the movie for you . If you like a good storytelling with a few twists in magic and character , you will love this movie .
 This is an amazing version of Snow White , Sam Neil , Sigorney Weaver and Monica Keenan are all amazing . Also really amazing is the actor , who 's name escapes me at the moment , who was Billy in the TV series Ally McBeal as the `` Prince '' ! The character is not a real prince but he is amazing in a role so completely different from his TV works I was stunned to recognize him!Some folks are comparing this to the original Snow White tale , well that is n't really true this does n't have too much to do with the Grimms faiy tale either it is more like what was done with Ever After . -LRB- although much scarier -RRB- a sort of what if Snow White were real . Not even all the `` magic '' is real but sort of trick of ancient herbology . Not so much fairy tale magic until the Wicked stepmother transforms herself but it is a very well done version of the tale . Very dark and haunting .
 Sigourney Weaver makes a wicked stepmother that would scare even Hannibal . This is a role that she clearly had fun with . She is a convincingly evil and complex villain who paves the way for a very dark fairy tale . She is human - and some of her impulses are all too understandable - what woman would n't want to give a child to a husband she loves -LRB- in the age she lived in -RRB- ? Then again , she is also a witch.The performances of younger actors , Snow White and her darling , are not as wonderful - they seem to be there mostly for the scenery . Then again , this movie is mostly about scenery , of particular kind
 I watched this along with some other film adaptations of Snow White for a class I 'm taking on Grimms Tales , and this is my favorite of all the movies I 've seen in that class so far , so much so that I came to this page scoping out my own copy!What you need to know about this movie is thata . -RRB- It 's NOT intended for childrenb . -RRB- It follows the Grimms version more closely than the Disney version , which most of us are used to thinking of as the canonical story , andc . -RRB- It goes out of it 's way to be scary and sexual.As far as A goes , look at the rating and the reasons for it to decide if it 's for you -LRB- although I 'll say now , the most gory part comes at the very beginning of the movie , with the death of Lily 's biological mother -RRB- . With regards to B , look for themes of rivalry between the stepmother and stepdaughter , rather than the victimization of an innocent , dumb little girl in the Disney version ; three trials where the Queen attempts to kill Snow White instead of just hopping right to the apple ; and more complexity in the plot than in the Disney cartoon.As far as C , I 'm not a horror buff at all , and I 'm rather prudish , but I thought both elements were done mildly compared with a lot of the things available to audiences now and that they made the story a lot more interesting than the innocent , insipid children 's versions.You wo n't find singing dwarves here ; they 've been replaced by patrons that the Grimms could have chosen from the oral versions of the story they collected , but did n't : robbers.And the robbers are initially hostile to Lily , threatening her with physical harm several times and scorning her for her nobility.The Prince is kind of a dork and not effectual enough for our modern feminist heroine to rely on solely.And the rivalry between Lily and her stepmother is clearly played out ; Lily has resented Claudia since they met and the two have power stuggles and compete for the father 's attention.Lily is initially the cruel one in this relationship , but then the tables turn , and Claudia goes mad in a manner that is portrayed as sympathetic , but still clearly posits her as the aggressor and Lily as the victim.And my favorite aspect of this version is the romantic element , which is a refreshing new look on a question students of the Grimms story often ask -- but I wo n't say any more here , since having it revealed in the movie is part of what makes this version so cool. ; - -RRB- Overall , I 'd say this is a highly enjoyable version for older audiences that stays closer to the original story but gives the viewer food for thought on it 's own.Highly reccomended !
 Sigourney Weaver was PERFECT as the evil stepmother . You know this from the very start , when she is first introduced in the movie . No , it 's not a fairytale for kiddies , but if you like horror - you will like this version .
 I got every thing I wanted out of this movie . Being a fan of fairy tales , I 'm always looking for the best rendition of my most favorite stories . With that said I believe that Sigourney Weaver -LRB- Lady Claudia -RRB- did this film justice . Fairy tales are not always made up of pixie dust , this movie dipicts a dark fairytale that will make u think twice about the Grimm genre . I would not recoment this movie for children , there are no cute dwarves just a couple of bandits and thieves etc. . However , there have been many different written versions of this story before the brothers Grimm made it popular . There are tales where the girl 's own mother is the villan . So this movie may be closer to the truth of the story than we know .5 stars easily .
 This version of the Grimms Brothers Fairy Tale is excellent . The digital transfer to DVD is so good that I felt like I could have walked right into my television set . Once again Signourey Weaver nails her performance as the wicked step-mom Claudia . All starts out fine but then things quickly pick up as step-mom and step-daughter battle it out to the final blow . This version is top knotch all the way , I was very pleased with everyone 's performance , the movie 's photography and storyline . I recommend this to anyone who loves a good suspenseful movie while reliving a childhood story at the same time . Also the chills are more from the suspense side and little to no emphasis on blood and gore . My only recommendation is that younger kids do n't need to see this version unless you want them sleeping with you for a week . I give it my thumbs up rating as well .
 this movie is not ment for the kids this movie is ment for the adults . but let me tell you this is one movie that will knock your socks right off . injoy the movie and go and grab this movie before its too late . buy it for your collection . all thumbs up for this movie . and the twist of it all is a fair tall that you have not seen in you life time . its great for the adult but again not for the kids . tks .
 This movie to me is exactly what a fairly tail is suppose to be . It is a little scary and a little dirty , just as the Grimm Brother 's wrote them down . Now a days this type of telling for a story tale might be considered deviant , but its really how they were meant to be told .
 You know the story ... or do you ? This take on the classic tale is dark and gothic . They do n't make films like these anymore . Today , over-the-top gore is the thing.This is scary in a different way.It is disturbing and eerie -LRB- SPOILER
 This is a non-animated update of Snow White and it is a little girls worst nightmare . If the title did n't give it away , this is a more Grimm-like version of the story with the evil queen -LRB- Sigourney Weaver -RRB- playing jealous stepmom to Lilliana -LRB- aka Snow White , Monica Keena -RRB- , who goes into hiding with a gang of ruffians -LRB- only one of whom is a dwarf -RRB- when the going gets tough . Very likeable , and probably the only R-rated version of Snow you 'll ever see .
 This version of Snow White has all the horror of the original tale , and some new twists to keep you wondering until the end . Snow White , called Lily in this version , lost her mother as she was born . Her father marries Lady Claudia , a beautiful woman who is outwardly a devout Christian , but still casts runes in her own rooms , and whose weakness is a mirror and her need to be the center of attention . At first she is pleasant to her new stepdaughter , but she soon becomes jealousy of Lily , who alone seems to draw her husband 's attention away from her , leading her to decide Lily must die . Lily escapes into the forest ... then the story really becomes interesting.If you enjoy seeing fairy tales the way they were meant to be you 'll enjoy this !
 Pact with the Devil begins with one Louis -LRB- Ethan Erickson in his first starring role -RRB- working as a go-fer for a blonde fashion photographer -LRB- Jennifer Nitsch -RRB- . One of the other photographers , Henry Wooten -LRB- Malcom McDowell -RRB- takes an interest in Louis . Henry talks to Louis about his interests and it turns out that Louis is trying to become a professional photographer in his own right , but is going nowhere in his quest . Henry tells Louis that with his good looks , he ought to be `` in front of the camera . '' In other words , Louis should endeavor to become a male model . Louis agrees to hire Henry as his business manager and as a result , Henry takes some photographs of Louis and shows them around to other photographers . Soon , Louis 's career as a model is booming.However , there are problems . Louis 's girlfriend -LRB- Amy Sloan -RRB- gets jealous of his accomplishments and accuses him of `` selling out . '' Also , Louis comes to realize that his new career will last only as long as his good , youthful looks do . Henry , however offers Louis a solution to his problem , which Louis comes to call a `` pact with the devil . '' Louis changes his name to Dorian Gray . Henry takes a photograph of `` Dorian '' that is blown up to large size and framed . As long as this photo exists , Dorian will maintain his youthful good looks and enjoy perfect health while his framed photo ages . In other words , the image of Dorian ages the way that the human being formerly named Louis would have if he did not make his pact with the devil Henry Wooten . If the picture is destroyed , then Louis 's looks will revert to what they were in the picture at the time of its destruction and Louis 's health will be similarly impaired . Truly , Louis/Dorian 's arrangement with his business manager Henry Wooten is a pact with the devil.So , how does Pact with the Devil compare to previous movie versions of `` The Picture of Dorian Gray '' ? Its not the best version , but its one of the better productions . While changing its focus to the fashion photography scene , it stays true to the basic plot of Wilde 's novel . The cinematography is first rate and the acting is pretty strong too.Ethan Erickson has a rare combination of strong acting talent coupled with tremendous good looks . He should go far in his acting career . Although Jennifer Nitch was great as a fashion photographer , she passed away in a freak accident in 2004 . Malcom McDowell turns in a strong performance as the satanic Henry Wooten who literally exudes both suave debonair and malevolent evil .
 If you are reading this review , you most probably already watchedFrom Brain to Gain , or you already know that you want to start your own business.Alicia funded nine companies , and thus knows exactly what to do and what to avoid when trying to become an entrepreneur.The video explains what type of investor you should choose , how to get funding , how to balance income , assets , and outgoing money , and also why companies die.I think this video is a must for everyone who wants to start his or her own business , even if you do not think that your idea might be worth a million dollar -LRB- you might be pleasantly surprised -RRB- !
 We 're looking for funding for several projects at work to expand our business into different segments . I must say , this video is superb at explaining in CLEAR and CONCISE language exactly how the various funding options can work and how to go about getting funding for your projects . We were clueless and we 're already working on several plans right now as a direct result of How to Fund Your Million Dollar Idea.The nice thing about this information in video form , as opposed to book form , is that it does n't hit us with a bunch of fluff or details that are ancillary to the problem . Alicia Castillo hits the points we need to know exceptionally well . Approaching funding from different perspectives is vital and we would have never realized that -LRB- until it was too late and we were denied perhaps -RRB- without this video . For example , when you believe in a product as passionately as we do , our approach to funding differs from when we have a liability mindset . And it 's important to look at the problem from both angles because the VC or other source of your funds sure is looking at the project from all those angles . In addition , Alicia Castillo forces us to look at our income and expenses from the project and to look at them in an ongoing manner , not just a fixed point in time which was our original approach.If you want direct , clear , and straight to-the-point answers on how to get funding for your business , charity , or any kind of project , you improve your chances greatly by absorbing sll of the information here first . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .
 Informative must-have DVD for anyone considering a leap into a business venture , or for those who just have questions or concerns about funding ! Video is well presented and displays information and explanations in an easy to understand format . It touched on more than one aspect concerning funding that I had not considered , and supplied to me many answers for which I had questions . There were other funding avenues explained that I was not aware of and I was very thankful that this video brought them to light . Thanks to the informative DVD , I was able to better pick which choices were right for me as I gained a fuller understanding of the process . If you are looking for a clear spoken guide on how to get funding for a business or project , this is an excellent source that will answer many questions and save you footwork . Highly recommended to all for the informative nature , and really appreciated that it was written by someone who knew the subject through experience and hard work .
 I am in the process of starting my own company and found the advice here simply excellent . I bought this video after reading Alicia Castillo Holley 's other books and after hearing her speak at a conference some years ago . There is no doubt about it , in the field of entrepreneurship and funding , Alicia Castillo Holley is the best .
 I think that one of the things that gets people stuck in starting their own business , especially if the start up cost are high , is how to get funds , the processes involved and the right steps to take , and this is exactly what this course is all about , here you will learn all the little things you need to know to be able to fund you new business idea . Absolutely recommended to anyone who want to stat their own business and need funds .
 South Park fans will love this seventh season ! whats not to love , for you people who do not know `` South Park `` well lets just say you better have an open mind , and a sence of humor , this is not your typical little kid cartoonit is geared towards teens and adults .
 I cant say enough about the hours of enjoyment we experienced from watching South park.My daughter can imiate Eric Cartman to a T . We recieved our shipment in a very timely manner - the packageing looked almost brand new-not a scratch on any of the disks-We definately got what we paid for - i would buy from this seller againSouth Park - The Complete Seventh Season
 This film simplifies how anti smokers use any tactic to change , de-normalize and criminalize behavior of others . The anti smokers always use the mantra of `` for the children '' . Well the children in this film expose the dishonesty and evil intent of those that impose their will on others to satisfy their personal preference .
 one of the best cartoons ever . well worth the money . mini commentaries are fun to listen to as well .
 Either you love South Park or you hate it . I LOVE IT . I have all of the Seasons and they get watched all the time . It is crude humor so if you are easily offended do n't purchase this item .
 I 'll be honest , I only purchased this set because of the Mormon episode . I 've had that Tivo 'd for almost 2 years , but wanted to send this to someone who was raised as a Mormon -LRB- but came to his senses as an adult -RRB- . All the South Park episodes are -LRB- crude but -RRB- hysterical .
 What is offensive to one is hilarious to millions . South Park continues to steamroll political correctness in season 7 . My favorite episode is `` Grey Dawn '' , where the town takes action against elderly drivers . It was especailly timely where I am from , we had 3 incidents involving elderly drivers versus buildings in less than 2 weeks -LRB- a Cracker Barrel restaurant , a Chase bank and a Kroger grocery store -RRB- . I 'm a Little Bit Country , Lil ' Crime Stoppers , Red Man 's Greed , Raisins , and It 's Christmas in Canada are also totally hilarious . I love what a little manipulative b@st@rd Cartman is , especially in Casa Bonita and Christian Rock Hard . The creators of South Park love to use song , pop culture references and sight gags . They mock everything from music sharing , gangs , reality TV , Hooters , Mormons , Indian casinos , New Foundland , stem-cell research , and the metroseual craze without apology .
 Great fun ! SouthPark is too fun to watch and great for college dorm-living get-togethers .
 this is 1 of south parks best seris its has so many great epidsodes such as casa bonita toliet paper south park is gay nd many more hialarious epidsodes u must buy if ur a south park fan .
 I LOVE this season of south park . It has classic episodes like Casa Bonita and Faith plus 1 . I think this season is worth buying just for those 2 episodes !!
 The seventh season is hilarious . So are eight and nine . Mr. Garrison becomes Mrs. Garrison .
 I did n't even know that the seventh season was out until not to long ago . THis season is so great . I thought the sixth season was the best but this is way better .
 Oh Yes People yet more south parkI just ca n't get enough of it and neither can youPre Order NOW
 `` South Park '' is the bomb digity . And with Season 7 it only gets better . Cartman is my favorite character because he is so mean and fat.There 's a total of 15 episodes from Season 7 : Cancelled First aired
 South Parks comedy is simply hysterical . You find yourself saying this is so wrong while your on the floor laughing . It 's shows like this that grab not only our attention , but show us just how insane the world we live in is . Because we all know the only reason one would n't like it , is because the boys of South Park rip on you , your family and your ideas and religious beliefs ... which tend to be hysterical in their own part . So if you 're able to laugh at others and most importantly yourself , the South Park seasons are by far a great buy . And if you do n't buy it then your Dum dum dum dum dum ...
 By the time South Park entered it 's seventh season -LRB- beginning with it 's 100th episode -RRB- , it was clear that creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone had no plans of toning things down . The historic opening episode `` Canceled '' found the series hitting a milestone with it 's 100th episode , as Stan , Kyle , Cartman , and Kenny learn that Earth and everything about it is a reality show for aliens , and it 's about to be canceled . This episode is n't the funniest the series has to offer , but it sure has it 's moments -LRB- `` suck my jag-on !!! '' -RRB- . Later on , handicapped kids Timmy and Jimmy join a gang , kind of ; as well as an instant classic with `` Christian Rock Hard '' , in which Cartman creates a Christian rock group . Of course , the standout episode of season seven is `` Fat Butt and Pancake Head '' when Jeniffer Lopez and Ben Affleck come to town when Cartman 's JLO hand puppet gets a record contract . `` Raisans '' will leave you with your jaw hanging open , as a Hooters-like restaurant chain comes to South Park , only it 's for kids . There was no shortage of creativity in the seventh season of South Park , and while it may score some misses here and there ; for the most part it 's another off the wall and ungodly hilarious season of everyone 's favorite potty-mouthed pre-adolescents .
 I have read the reviews about this being just an OK season , and some have called it the last truly funny year of South Park . In my opinion it 's the exact opposite . I feel that season 7 is where South Park became an intelligent animated comedy and lost the `` poo poo-pee pee '' humor that had originally made it famous ; similar to when the Simpsons realized that `` Do n't Have a Cow Man ! '' was n't going to carry it much further and remade itself into a smarter show . Within this season are the beginnings of the genius that was to ultimately manifest itself in the first few episodes of season 8 -LRB- which in my opinion is the pinnacle of South Park -RRB- . Season 7 has `` Faith Plus One , '' Cartman 's christian rock band , the Casa Bonita episode , the introduction of the goth kids who think everything in life is `` paaain , '' and the all-time , hands-down , greatest episode the show ever produced
 As far as I 'm concerned the 6th season is when South Park took a turn for the better , and the 7th just improves on how the show changed . Most people who talk bad about this show only saw the early season -LRB- which I also love -RRB- but you ca n't help but admit the show has matured and still keeps the childish humor . Afterall , the whole point of the show is to view our society through the eyes of a child which sometimes makes things more straight forward . Whats most suprising is that although it seems to judge everyone equally , as the show goes on it seems all to apparent that their main aim for attack are all the liberals -LRB- which can be justified by how much conservatives get ripped on nowa days -RRB- . I am liberal but can still laugh at myself and the way some of my friends act sometimes . Too often this show is judged to be something its not , people just do n't look close enough . It really is intelligent and creative , and only gets better when you get into the 8th season -LRB- one of the most consistenly funny set of episodes in any season , any show -RRB- . Only Trey Parker and Matt Stone can get away with making a show that will literally talk about anything , no matter who it offends , and still make us laugh .
 I thoroughly love this show and always find it entertaining . Having grown up in Colorado , their insights into the bizarre landmarks & routines have always been spot-on - especially in the `` Casa Bonita '' episode . If you 've never been to this landmark -LRB- which is STILL OPEN , thank god -RRB- , you must go . This was my first job , and was especially pleased that they called it out ; the humor , animation , `` bad bart 's cave '' , and everything else made me laugh in histerics for months .
 Season 7 of South Park has several of my all-time SP favorites
 This show is so smart and funny . They always find ways to surprise me show after show , year after year . A must have for any fan of the series .
 A fan of the show will not have to be convinced to buy this season , or any season . But , for anyone who has not regularly watched the show , get this season , if for no other reason than the Jennifer Lopez episode.I have never laughed so hard at a South Park episode in my life . Funniest episode of any season , in my opinion .
 This season hosts the episode `` Fatt Butt and Pancake Head '' , which is by far one of , or possibly the best episode of `` South Park '' ever!This satirical spoof of Jennifer Lopez is proof that intelligent and rude comedy like `` Monthy Python '' still is possible and existant . I love it ! If only all television can be this adventurous and daring , we 'd all have alot more to entertain us . Why the makers of South Park targeted Jenny is unknown to me , but still serves as great entertainment and satire.I ca n't wait for the DVD and see the J.lo episode again ... it 's worth buying the whole box set for this one episodeQ
 Another fantastic season of South Park , a season that keeps abreast of the current situation and keeps the scathing parody coming . The pretentiousness of some of the reviewers is really remarkable . This is not brain surgery - this is cartoon parody , and well placed parody at that . It just could be that some of the negative reviews result from the fact that Matt & Trey do n't spare the liberal nuts the bashing they merit ; most comedy of this generational genre focuses only on conservative foibles . Hats off to the South Park creators for not sparing lunacy whatever the subject 's politics . Does it offend you ? Maybe you should look for the flaw in your own weave ; otherwise , turn it off and go watch whatever your `` perfect '' leaders -LRB- liberal or conservative -RRB- tell you is appropriate . Meanwhile , the rest of us will be having a great time laughing at the silliness that emerges from both sides of the political fence as the gang from South Park embodies .
 I have to say that every episode in this season is a hit , NO dull or drug-out episodes . Must-have for any SP fan .
 This item was purchased as a Christmas present for a good friend . It arrived promptly , and he reports he is extremely pleased with it .
 The seventh season was the season that got me hooked to south park . Specifically episode number 712-all about the mormons . That was the first episode that got me into the show , and I have n't stopped watching since . The season list includes the following :704 - Cancelled702-Krazy kripples703-Toilet paper701-I ` m a little bit country705-Fat butt and pancake head706-Lil ` crime stopper707-Red man ` s greed708-South park is guay ! 709-Christian rock hard710-Gray dawn711-Casa bonita712-All about the mormons ? 713-Butt out714-Raisins715-Its christmas in canadaalso favorites from this season include 701-I 'm a little bit country , which has the kids working on a report to present at the Anti-War/Pro-war rallies . I just love cartman 's flashback in time to 1776 . Also , episode 709-Christian hard rock , Cartman and his band Faith +1 make it big in christian music to try and score a platinum album before Kyle does , all over a $ 20 bet . Finally , Episode 708-South Park is Guay ... What can I say . . Crab People ... who the heck thinks of Crab People.In all , this is the season that continues to have me in stitches , and if you can only own one season of southpark , I believe this is the one . I myself have them all , but this is the season I believe stands above the rest .
 It seems like whenever you talk about `` South Park '' , someone always says `` I ca n't believe they get away with some of that stuff ! '' . Usually that comment comes from someone who is not a fan of the show , maybe has seen a few episodes here or there , or maybe has n't seen the show at all and is only going by word of mouth ? For some reason `` South Park '' does n't seem to get the respect of other animated shows like `` The Simpsons '' or `` Family Guy '' . I guess being on a cable channel as opposed to Network TV might have something to do with it , or maybe it 's because `` South Park '' will take up controversial issues most other shows wo n't touch , and people see that as `` Shock-TV '' ?? Who knows why `` South Park '' is n't given the respect it deserves , but as a fan of the show I ca n't recommend season 7 enough . There are some truly funny episodes in this set , and even the episodes that do n't work as well , will still give you a good belly laugh here or there . `` Christain Rock Hard '' , with Cartman 's goal of getting platinum album is worth the price of this set alone.I too had issues with the odd soundtrack on these disks , and am glad to see other reveiwers pointing this out , but it 's a minor complaint , but one that kept me from giving a full 5 star review . I can live with the fluctuating sound levels , and still enjoy the shows .
 Let me start off by saying that Matt Stone and Trey Parker , over the years , have been pioneers when it comes to comedy ! They really take it to the extremes , and for that , they will undoubtedly go down in television history as such.This is probably my favorite season , aside from the new season that is not yet -LRB- as of the time this is being written , -RRB- finished.Cancelled
 classic episodes like `` Cancelled '' `` South Park is Gay '' & `` Krazy Kripples '' are what made season seven so great.The `` Cancelled '' episode is by far my favorite ; a great take on reality shows mixed in with the always hilarious South Park views on philosophy & sociology . & how great is a talking taco that sh*t s ice cream !? If you are a newer fan of South Park or a seasoned veteran I 'm sure you will enjoy this dvd .
 From ripping on reality tv to exposing mormon religion for the bs fraud that it is to tearing down the christian rock music industry , season 7 of south park was intensely funny . At the beginning of season 7 , we were all bickering over the whole Invasion of Iraq . It was a very touchy issue that this episode addressed nicely . The social dichotomies this show offers up in its latter years are as refreshing it gets . And who ca n't get enough of Butters ? From him reminding Stan that it 's better to be a sissy whiner than a faggy goth , to rubbing salt in Cartman 's wounds after Token beat the snot out of him , Butters evolution as a character was great . Makes one wonder why they ever bothered trying to make Pip the kid everyone ripped on . Anyway , I loved season 7 immensely . especially the end of ` raisins ' when Stan addresses his feelings for Wendy and her decision to date Token ; ` Hey wendy ? You 're a bitch ! And Token ? Right here , buddy !! ' as he flips them the bird . Classic .
 there is no such thing as a bad south park episode!each one is brilliant!mormans !
 The set arrived before due date and was in excellent condition for being used . Very satisfied ! Kenny is in the first episode but they do not explain why he is back or how he returned ? Mystery ??????
 As a last of the minute gift that was needed I could not be happier . The product was shipped ontime , packed great , and was the standard price . Thanks
 its south park ... what can you say , its great . Season 7 has some great moments and is just what you would expect from the always funny writers of the show .
 South park is really just the funniest show . Many people would say it rips on -LSB- insert ANY group here -RSB- , but through all the satire in every episode we see uncovered something that is just so true in today 's society . Cartman 's really funny because he rips on all groups -LRB- especially jews -RRB- and does n't even put himself in their shoes . He does n't even realize he 's a no-life fat greedy jackass.It sounds like immature humor , I know , but when you watch it you wo n't be able to resist laughing.Butters is my favorite character , he always lives in fear of being grounded by his extremely strict parents but his accent is just too good.WATCH IT !
 I count seasons 5-10 in South Park as the show 's golden age , putting season 7 deservedly right smack in the middle of it . Without question there are a few bad episodes in this season , but for every bad or mediocre episode there are 2 or 3 truly outstanding ones . My personal favorite from this season is `` Raisins , '' which very honestly explores what it 's like to lose your first girlfriend , features the very first appearance of the South Park Goth kids , and also has a very amusing sub-plot featuring Butters . `` All About the Mormons ? '' is another classic which rips the Mormon faith a new one , yet at the same time allows the new Mormon kid character a great line at the end of the episode . `` Christian Hard Rock '' is an amusing episode and also I believe the first time we get to see Cartman really get his ass kicked , which I think everyone had been hoping to see for quite a while . `` Casa Bonita '' is one of the best Cartman/Butters episodes ever -LRB- though all of them are good - hard to go wrong with a pair like that ! -RRB- . `` Toilet Paper '' is another hilarious Cartman and Kyle-centric episode . And finally `` Fatbutt and Pancake Head , '' probably the most notorious episode from this season , is 30 minutes of tribute to the genius of Trey Parker . Who else could possibly manage to make a show where the central character is a talking hand puppet that is also a racist stereotype , and include scenes where an 8-year old boy gives an adult man a handjob , and still have it be just about the funniest thing ever ? Genius , pure and simple . The weaker episodes this season come in the form of `` Butt Out '' - one of the show 's worst episodes that really tries way too hard to make it 's point -LRB- and which is n't even a very good point to begin with -RRB- ; `` Grey Dawn '' and `` Red Man 's Greed '' - which both tend to drag on a bit and run with the same joke for too long ; and finally `` South Park is Gay ! '' - which ended with the introduction of the crab people . This ending was so incredibly corny `` crab people '' has now become a euphemism for `` running out of ideas . ''
 I have always loved South Park but feel that as it started taking on more touchier subjects it became funnier . Cartman changing the words of popular music my inserting `` Jesus '' and then going plantinum ... I love the way South Park makes us laugh at everything from Special Olympics , the news media , to ourselves . I will continue to buy the DVD 's as I ca n't help but laugh no matter how many times I might have viewed them .
 Whereas I agree with some of you about the hit and miss of this series , yes some episodes are better than others . The first episode I did n't like of South Park was the Sexual Harassment Panda but even now I have grown to like that episode . I think the one truly bad episode was Great Expectations which was a run of a Charles Dickens play , nothing funny about that episode until they break out the robot monkeys . If you never heard of that play like me this one flew right over your head . Other than that I find something to love in every episode even to the latest . I ca n't agree with the others who 've said South Park has gone downhill , I look forward to buying this Season DVD and 8 and 9 and 10 when they are released .
 Has anyone NOT seen these ? Everyone probably should.Want to see the funniest half-hour that ever aired on Television ? Check out `` Christian Rock Hard '' . Want political commentary ? Check out `` I 'm A Little Bit Country '' . Want a history lesson ? Check out `` All About the Mormons '' . Want a clever imaginative sci-fi type of episode ? Check out `` Cancelled '' . Want a classic type of episode that solidifies what made the show great ? Check out `` Casa Bonita '' ? Want to see something so surreal it 's almost incomprehensible , but it 's incredibly funny like nothing else ? Check out `` Fat Butt and Pancake Head '' .
 If you like `` The Newer '' south park than you will love this season . But if you 're like me and like the older episodes . Than pass on season 7 . I 'll admit some of the newer episodes are really good but i still have n't seen them all yet . I 'd probably say that the best episode on this season is Bebe 's Boobs destroy soicety .
 Season 7 of this great show is the last one I can honestly say had more funny eps than unfunny . It was n't until after this season that the `` South Park dialectic '' , as I call it , took over , where one side was stupid , so was the other one , and common sense places the libertarian in the middle ! Yay!Anyway , Season 7 gave me what I think was probably one of the funniest , and most moving , eps of South Park , Raisins . O yes , that 's right , moving . Butters timid speech to Stan at the end gets me every time . In addition to that is the absolutely excellent skewing of `` goth kids '' that really reminded me of what South Park is really about
 I would love to get this ! It has Pancake Head and Fat Butt or something like that . And I love the Crazy Cripples episode .
 South Park has come a long way since 1997 . It still airs today , and it 's still as fresh as it was 9 years ago.Heres a review of the episodes :701 - I 'm A Little Bit Country : To be honest , i did n't like this episode when i first watched it , but it grew on me when i next watched it.A solid 100th episode , but not the classic i expected for a 100th episode . 8.5 / 10702-Krazy Kripples : Timmy and Jimmy joining the crips is classic , as they think its a group for cripples.Its just so funny , you cant help laughing . 9/10703-Toilet Paper : Good episode , but not the best.Matter of fact , its one of the weakest in this boxset , though its still good . 8/10704-Cancelled : Good episode , it cracked me up about earth being a TV reality show , especially the bit where everyone finds out about it , and you 're expecting them to scream in fear , but they start cheering ! 9/10705-Fat Butt And Pancake Head : Really funny , with Cartmans hand being a JLO puppet , and JLO beats up his hand , and the bit where Cartman finds Ben Affleck naked in his bed with his hand . 9.5 / 10706-Lil Crime Stoppers : One of the most underrated episodes of South Park , another one which grows on you.I cant help laughing at the bit where those boys are with the doll , and they say Lets check on her vagina , and the bit with Butters pulling on his weiner for two days . 9.5 / 10707-Redmans Greed : A good episode , but another weak one in the boxset like Toilet Paper , though its slightly better than Toilet Paper . 7.5 / 10708-South Park Is Gay : Crab people taking over the world using Quuer Eye For The Straight Guy , and Kyle getting beaten up for being straight is pure classic material , though this episode does not beat Christian Rock Hard or Casa Bonita . 9/10709-Christian Rock Hard : The best episode of South Park ever released.Cartmans racist things to Token and saying F**k Jesus is so funny.And the bit where Butters says `` We 're not christians , we 're pretending to be for money '' then Cartman says `` Butters , remind me later to cut your balls off '' classic material . 11/10710-Grey Dawn : After a classic episode , it goes down to an average episode.Its OK , but its really stupid and not that funny . 6/10711-Casa Bonita : Another classic , especially at the start , with Cartman swearing at Kyle , leaving the house , reentering to apologise then Kyle says he 's still not going , then Cartman screaming `` F**k you Kyle!I hope you die!I hope you f**king die ! '' is classic , and Butters being trapped by Cartman in a bomb shelter is classic too.the 2nd best episode on this boxset . 10/10712-All About Mormons : This episode is just crap.The worst episode of South Park ever created.I dont know why anyone even likes this episode , its unfunny , boring and r * tarted.Skip this episode , it brings disgrace to South Park . 0/10713-Butt Out : The starting bit is p * ss yourself funny , then the episode remains good , but it gets weaker towards the end.An episode well worth watching still though.Butt Out !! 9/10714-Raisins : IMO , the saddest episode of South Park ever from a Stan point of view , though its still very funny despite being quite sad.To be honest , this is one of my favourites , though to be honest again , the part with Stan in bed talking about losing love made me cry , and i never cry at sad stuff . 9/10715-Its Christmas In Canada : Funny as hell , though it could 've done with Cartman beating Kyle instead of it being the other way around , though that bit was still funny.Also seeing Clyde cry over no presents is funny . 8.5 / 10overall , this is a good season with some classics like Christian Rock Hard , Casa Bonita and Fat Butt and Pancake Head but a few bad ones like All About Mormons and Grey Dawn.I advise all South Park fans to buy this box set , as its the best South Park season ever , though it 's ironic that the best season , also ha the worst episode ever.In order , heres the episodes from best , to worst1.Christian Rock Hard2.Casa Bonita3.Fat Butt And Pancake Head4.Lil Crime Stoppers5.Raisins6.Krazy Kripples7.South Park Is Gay8.Butt Out9.Cancelled10.I 'm a Little Bit Country11.Toilet Paper12.Its Christmas In Canada13.Redmans Greed14.Grey Dawn15.All About Mormonsso every episode is good except Grey Dawn and All About Mormons.Though i called this series the best series of South Park because 12 out of 15 episodes had an 8 or higher , and the fact i say any episode with a 9.5 or more is classic , theres about 4 classics , and 5 close to classics.I hope you found this review helpful , and that you will watch South Park , and avoid Family Guy as it sucks a ** !! Overall boxset rating-9 .5 / 10
 I disagree with what some people above have said . I think that the 8th and 9th seasons are great . Look at some episodes from season 8.801 Good Times With Weapons803 Up the Down Steroid805 You Got F*cked in the Ass802 AWESOM-O807 The Jeffersons806 Goobacks810 Pre-School811 Quest for Ratings814 Woodland Critter ChristmasThese episodes alone make season 8 a great season . Goobacks , the jeffersons , and woodland critter christmas are all classics . There are also great episodes on season 9 as well . Like901 Mr. Garrison 's Fancy New Vagina * hilarious902 Die Hippie , Die903 Wing904 Best Friends Forever * how could you hate the golden psp ? 905 The Losing Edge908 Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow909 Marjorine912 Trapped in the Closet * Genius914 Bloody Mary * a very controversial episode and unfortunately might not be able to be released on dvd , thanx to the christians who got all offendedYou ca n't deny the comedy that these episodes give . I personaly do n't think that south park has gone down hill , maybe a few of the newer episodes are not that funny , but the amount of them that are funny out weight the ones that arnt .
 I think the show improved each season . Yes , there is no doubt that Trey and Matt added more social commentary than earlier seasons but I think thats what made the show grow . South Park first came on the air when I was in middle school and the very crude non-sense humor was very funny at the time . Now that I am a junior in college I do n't find the older seasons as funny to me as they used to be . I enjoy the later ones a lot more . I am not saying the old ones are bad and that the show is now high-brow humor but it does have more depth . South Park has managed to mature while still keeping its edge .
 A lot of people are saying that the show went downhill around this time , and it 's true , it did . However , Season 7 still managed to dish out a few great episodes . In the seasons that followed , South Park became a complete hit-or-miss show , with some episodes being really good , some being really bad , and a lot just being incredibly mediocre . Although this season is not entirely consistent in quality , it still has some great episodes that make the DVD boxed set worth owning . This season contains the following episodes : Canceled - The boys discover that Earth is just one big reality show for intergalactic audiences , and now that the Earthlings are aware , the show 's ratings plummet , thus the show is to be canceled . It 's up to the boys to save their planet!Krazy Kripples - No one attend 's Jimmy 's standup routine when Christopher Reeve comes to South Park to promote stem cell research . Jimmy and Timmy then decide to form a gang for people who were crippled at birth called the Crips , until they discover that a gang by that name already exists.Toilet Paper - Kyle feels guilty after he , Stan , Cartman , and Kenny T.P. their art teacher 's house . Cartman , afraid that Kyle will confess , attempts to kill Kyle.I 'm a Little Bit Country - The boys get caught in a protest against the War in Iraq . Angered that the boys know nothing of current events or their nation 's history , Mr. Garrison assigns the class a paper on the Founding Fathers . Cartman attempts to have a flashback to 1776 in order to escape from the pressures of studying.Fat Butt and Pancake Head - Cartman makes a hand puppet of Jennifer Lopez who becomes a hit pop artist , taking away the real Jennifer Lopez 's label in the recording studio as well as her man Ben Affleck.Lil ' Crime Stoppers - The boys play cops and end up getting jobs at the police station.Red Man 's Greed - The town of South Park loses everything it has to a Native American Casino . The white man is at risk of losing their homes to the red man , but through perserverance , the citizens of South Park manage to keep their home.South Park is Gay - The boys get caught up in the metrosexual fad . Kyle decides not to participate and ends up getting beat up for it , so he decides to go to New York to kill the Queer Eye guys . Mr. Garrison and Mr. Slave have the same plan as they are angered by the Queer Eye guys promoting gay culture to a straight audience.Christian Rock Hard - Cartman starts a Christian rock band with Butters and Token to try and get a platinum album before Kyle 's band can so that he can win his $ 10 bet with Kyle . Meanwhile , Stan , Kyle , and Kenny are arrested for downloading music off the internet , and in order to prevent their music from being downloaded , the boys go on a music strike.Grey Dawn - Angered that their licenses are being provoked , the elderly citizens of South Park , led by Grandpa Marsh , take over the town . It 's up to the boys to save the day!Casa Bonita - It 's Kyle 's birthday and he gets to take three friends with him to Casa Bonita -- but Cartman 's not invited ! Instead , he 's taking Stan , Kenny , and Butters . Cartman plots to leave Butters underground in a bomb shelter so that he can go to Casa Bonita in his place.All About the Mormons ? - Stan befriends a Mormon kid named Gary , whose family teaches the Marsh family all about Joseph Smith and the founding of the Mormon religion . Randy begins to think that maybe his family should convert to Mormonism.Butt Out - The boys are caught smoking and end up setting the school on fire . To keep from getting in trouble , they claim that the tobacco companies made them smoke , and so they get caught up with Rob Reiner , who leads them in a huge crusade against the tobacco companies.Raisins - Wendy breaks up with Stan and so Stan joins the Goth kids . Meanwhile , Butters has found a new affection for a girl named Lexus , who works at the local Hooters-esque restaurant for kids , Raisins.It 's Christmas in Canada - The new Canadian Prime Minister instates a new law stating that all adopted Canadians are to be returned to their birth parents . Thus , Ike is returned to Canada . Because the Broflovskis are so grief-stricken , the town decides to give all their Christmas money to the Broflovskis . In order to save Christmas and help Kyle get his little brother back , the boys travel to Canada to visit the new Prime Minister.Despite a few questionable episodes , this season has a few gems , and so at the very least , everyone should buy the first seven seasons of South Park on DVD . Only buy the seasons that follow if you 're a hardcore fan and want to see every episode . Although even Seasons 8 and 9 have some good episodes , South Park has become incredibly inconsistent in quality . This season is the last truly great season of South Park , although it does pale in comparison to the first six .
 This is South Park 's seventh season release , and over the years they progressively get better and better . This season features numerous classics and best exposes the madness of the Cartman character . Meanwhile , the South Park writers Trey Parker and Matt Stone have just recently finished up the 9th season of the show , and I suspect the show could continue for 5-6 more years.The first disc opens with `` Cancelled '' , an episode about Earth being a Reality TV show . The classic line from this
 To some south park fans the earlier seasons are best.Well the more they go the better they are , not all of the episodes are funny but the ones that are funny are better than the older ones.Its a more mature south park that some fans like more than the previous seasons.I agree but i like every season so to me that opinion is okay , it changed , no matter what you say it changed.But some things never dies like Kenny who came back after not being there in the season 6 , he appears on the final seconds of the season.I own season 6 but i got to say that Kenny is missing , now he ` s back!I think that you can expect to get kinda same special features , comentaries , comedy central prewiew ... but i would buy it for the episodes of coursehere is a list of the episodes that will be included in the 7th season ; 704-Cancelled702-Krazy kripples703-Toilet paper701-I ` m a little bit country705-Fat butt and pancake head706-Lil ` crime stopper707-Red man ` s greed708-South park is guay ! 709-Christian rock hard710-Gray dawn711-Casa bonita712-All about the mormons ? 713-Butt out714-Raisins715-Its christmas in canadaThese are the 15 episodes from season 7 that will come out march 21 of this year ` o6 so dont miss it when it will come out!recomended To all s-p fans .
 I love all the episodes in this season of South Park ! I love when Jimmy and Timmy join the Crips . I love when Cartman makes a hand-puppet and names her Jennifer Lopez . I love when they become detectives . I love when they try to be gay . I love when all the old people try to take over . I love when Rob Reiner tries to ban smoking . I love all these and more ! If you love South Park , you 'll love SOUTH PARK
 There have been some people giving reviews of Season 7 having a bad audio quality but I live in UK and , after having bought the season despite my worries about these problems , my set is great ! Either some DVD players are just screwed up when it comes to playing Season 7 or Comedy Central have re-released the set with a much , much better audio quality.Some fab episodes too , with Casa Bonita being my all time favourite South Park episode - Cartman 's evil side really shines through here , and you feel real sorry for that ` blonde lil ' boy ' Butters!Anyway , I did n't experience any problems and my verdict is the set is fantastic and has some great episodes and some classic moments ! If you 're a fan then buy it now !
 If you are like me then you have already seen these episodes over and over , but you simply HAVE to own them . I have no doubt South Park is going to be one of those Landmark television media successes that will go into the history books as not just a controversal cartoon that dared to talk about issues that most shy from , in a candid manner that has had jaws dropping ever since the program first aired , but also as an incredibly insightful commentary of today 's culture and society .
 I was raised Mormon so I specifically bought this edition for the episode that speaks of the Joseph Smith story etc. ... I was hysterical !!!! I am no longer an active Mormon , but my dad is and even he had a coronary !
 not much to add to other msgs . another great season from two of the greatest comedy writers ever .
 Do yourself a favor and get this set if you 're a south park fan.Even if you 're not a fan you have to like `` fat butt and pancakehead '' which makes fun of Ben Affleck and J Lo . `` Toilet Paper '' which parodies both `` Silence of the Lambs '' and `` Godfather 2 '' in a brilliant plot . Other highlights are `` Butt Out '' showing the effect of stop smoking propaganda and `` Red Mans Greed '' tackles SARS and Native American policy .
 Absolutely brilliant ! If you are a South Park fan , this has got to be added to your collection . Matt and Trey have lost none of their wit and I ca n't wait until the eigth season is released ! I had to purchase it from the USA -LRB- I live in England -RRB- as it 's not yet available over here and it actually cost less to buy and have it shipped over than it was to buy the previous six seasons in the shops !
 ca n't wait for this one to come out , the morman episode is definatley in my top 5 favorite of ALL TIME
 Watched the whole thing in two days . Still great construction of box set -LRB- not flimsy -RRB- . Annoying commercials can be bypassed . Has several of the funniest episodes I think they have ever done . With the price lower now , how can you say no ?
 Could this possibly be South Park 's magnum opus ? This season has some of the best episodes I 've seen ! One thing I noticed however is that Mr. Garrison does n't appear as much as in previous seasons . Here are my thoughts on the episodes :701 - Cancelled Another excellent season opener , the whole thing was A-Grade material 16/10702 - Krazy Kripples Timmy + Jimmy + Christopher Reeve + Crips + Bloods = MAJOR LAUGH OVERLOAD 20/10703 - Toilet Paper Way to show art teachers everywhere ! 15/10704 - I 'm A Little Bit Country Those pro-war people really need a lesson 13/10705 - Fat Butt and Pancake Head Taco Taco burrito taco burrito burrito kiss kiss taco Hennifer Opes !! 20/10706 - Lil ' Crime Stoppers After all the excellent episodes on Disc 1 , this turns things down a little , but still great 9/10707 - Red Man 's Greed The Indians sure know how to gamble 10/10708 - South Park Is Gay ! Way to make fun of the Queer Eye guys ! I wonder how well they 're doing now ... 18/10709 - Christian Rock Hard The whole record dedication scene at the end RULES ! 11/10710 - Grey Dawn Not one for the oldies , but still , Country Kitchen Buffet and reckless driving makes a great set 10/10711 - Casa Bonita A real gem , I would throw someone in a bomb shelter if I had to to go to Casa Bonita ! 15/10712 - All About The Mormons This along with the next episode make up this season 's low point 8/10713 - Butt Out See above 7/10714 - Raisins This episode should have its original print buried in a time capsule.Come on , Stan and Wendy , Butters and Lexus -LRB- a Raisins girl -RRB- and the Goth kids including Stan joining the Goths all make a classic episode 20/10715 - It 's Christmas In Canada Even better than Red Sleigh Down ! Great Canadians ! 16/10My advice
 Ahh yes the 7th season . We learn that old people suck at driving , Casa Bonita is -LRB- real place , but also ... -RRB- the Disney Land of Mexican Resturaunts , Butter 's gets a girlfriend , the introduction of the Goth Kids , the boys start smoking and Rob Reiner comes to town to stop big tobacco , Cartman getting a Myrrh album and saying F *** Jesus , and the first line in a South Park episode from Cartman is `` Put more clay on the balls . '' good stuff .
 I swear some of the best tv channels that i have watched while travelling around the world play either South Park or Kung Faux or both on it . - props to channel four in New Zealand!These shows just seem to get funnier and funnier the more times I watch them on dvd and I know there must be other fans like me that want to see these shows keep rockin ' in the free world !
 Season 7 is so far the last great season of the show , there are some poor episodes in this season but its far less hit and miss then season 8 or season 9 -LRB- 9 had alot more misses -RRB- . Here is a rundown of the shows.701-I ` m a little bit country : Good way to start out the season , good job at ridiculing both sides of the argument and a funny time traveling bit 4.5 / 5702-Krazy kripplesFunny episode mostly staring Jimmy and Timmy , you will think you are cold hearted when you are laughing at the Chrisopher Reeves gags but they are still funny . 4/5703-Toilet paperA decent episode , good moments at Starks pond with Cartman , other then that the side Hannibal Lector story isnt that great . 3.5 / 5704-CancelledThere is a Ice Cream crapping Taco and a disturbingly funny alien sex scene 4.5 / 5705-Fat butt and pancake headOne of my top 5 favorite episodes ever , the ending with Mitch Conner is great 5/5706-Lil ` crime stopperA pretty average episode , not to many replays for this one 2.5 / 5707-Red man ` s greedOne of the better episodes of the season , some really funny moments with Indian-America conflict 5/5708-South park is g@y!The crab people are the best thing about this episode , its pretty tame until they show up 3/5709-Christian rock hardA funny parady on the situation with the RIAA and with big entertainers who are against filesharing 4/5710-Gray dawnA funny idea and mily entertaining episode , pretty average 2/5711-Casa bonitaEvery body likes this episode but me 2.5 / 5 -LRB- 5/5 from seemingly everyone else -RRB- .712 - All about the mormonsPretty lame episode in my opinion , I already knew everything in the episode about Mormons , I would like some humor on the subject and not a history lesson 1.5 / 5713-Butt outGreat satire on the smoking issue with Rob Riener . 4/5714-RaisinsAverage in every way 2.5 / 5715-Its christmas in canadaA good way to end the season , one of the better ones in the packedge 4.5 / 5
 South Park -LRB- in my eyes -RRB- is quickly becoming a mirror of the ever changing , hypocritical , dangerous and multi-cultural society . The show remains fresh after so long because of its depiction of pop-cult figures , races , current affairs and mostly stereotype . In general , South Park is a stupid show because most of the stories make no sense at all , but the way Trey Parker and Matt Stone place some of the familiar characters in familiar situations is what makes the show so watched.Series 7 is one of the most controversial and topical in the series . There 's several mentions of 9/11 , Micael Jackson , Homosexuality , Osama Bin Laden and American Idol . The show gets its stories from modern news and fads . So if you want to watch a drastic and controversial event turned into a comedic storyline , there 's no doubt that you will find it in South Park.This really is one of the funniest , gross and most controversial shows on television , and I hope there are many more seasons to come . Season 7 is one of the many classic seasons of South Park , but there are some episodes that contain offensive material.As always , South Park should be viewed by adults and adults only .
 It 's a different twist . It 's not scary , not really gory , more comedy then anything . It 's not funny throuhout the whole thing , but it 's got it 's moments.-Rent it , buy it if it 's cheap . $ 5 - $ 10.00-For $ 15 - $ 20.00 it 's not that good.-I would probably watch it again .
 This DVD is horribly misadvertised as a Psychological Thriller . This was obviously a pathetic ploy by the DVD distributor to get the DVD off the shelves by any means necessary with no thought to doing the consumer , nor the film any justice . The result is that people are watching this film with entirely the wrong mindset.This film is a dramatic look at the lives and relationships -LRB- or lack of relationships -RRB- of the four main characters . It is a thought provoking look into what can happen when we allow ourselves to dwell within our personal misery to the point that we can no longer connect to those around us . The acting , writing , cinematography and direction are excellent , and the film is riddled with beautifully captured momments of life to which so many people can relate . If you are looking for a shallow sexy thriller , see Basic Instinct or Sliver . But if you are someone who appreciates the simplistic intracacies of what makes up the soul of a person ... this movie is an excellent choice for you .
 I loved this movie . I did n't come into it with any particular expectations - I bought it because Timothy Hutton was in it and it was on sale at my local Blockbuster . I did n't pay attention to the blurb , and , thankfully , I did n't read the Amazon reviews . I just popped it in the player and was thoroughly entertained for an hour and a half.This is a slow , complex , well-acted , occasionally surreal , comedy . If it had been in French with English subtitles , perhaps it would not have been so misunderstood . Of course I do agree that the liner notes on the back really do n't do the film any justice , but saying the movie has no plot or has bad acting or is n't psychological enough or whatever , just because the reviewer was expecting a completely different movie due to the badly written advertising , is like saying
 This is a film for those who like an indie character study.Gary -LRB- Timothy Hutton -RRB- works late at night . He may lose his job and go to jail , although he does n't discuss the matter with his friend or wife . He drinks and take sleeping pills to help him escape life.Karen -LRB- Sharon Stone -RRB- is married to Gary . She has passed the `` let 's talk about the relationship '' stage and wants to live a separate life . She is depressed about getting old and losing her looks . She resorts to shop lifting to escape boredom.Bill -LRB- Dylan Baker -RRB- is the night time janitor . He went to school with Gary and Travis and is a recluse who attempts to live his life in a world of lucid dreaming . His apartment building does n't afford him that luxury as he is forced to interact with the world.Travis -LRB- Pruitt Taylor Vince -RRB- is Gary 's old friend . They have recently got back together . Travis likewise is a semi-recluse since his wife died in a car accident.Sadie -LRB- Stacie Bono -RRB- is Bill 's neighbor who gets into loud fights with her husband . She attempt to makes friends with Bill , who can only fantasize about her.Will -LRB- David Wiliams -RRB- is the son of Gary and Karen . We find out about him about two thirds through the story.The movie is about how people 's lives get into ruts that spiral downwards . These downward spirals are connected to each other . In order to break out of it , a drastic measure is required . Acting was good , but this is not a film most people would want to watch . It is a `` people watcher '' film.No F-bombs , sex , or nudity .
 Loose Change 911
 As hard as it might be for many true-hearted Americans to accept , what happened on 9/11 was orchestrated , and the actions of that day reflect a plethora of inconsistencies with the official report . The 9/11 report should be filed exactly next to the Warren commission 's investigation into the assassination of JFK . Both documents are a horrible white-wash , which were nevertheless swallowed in whole by un-inquiring minds . No one wants to believe that our own government was somehow involved with the tragedy of 9/11 . I understand this . As much as I despised the Bush presidency and its callow administrators , I could not conceive that their ilk would resort to such a monumental scale of destruction and affiliate themselves with an irredeemable evil . We could believe that the progenitors of the KGB in Moscow would level several housing complexes to up the hatred toward Chechens -- sufficiently to initiate another war . Things like that could happen in Russia , but never in America . However , science would prove that 9/11 was a premeditated act and in all likelihood had nothing to do with touring Arabs . If you choose to cling to the `` beautiful America '' vision then no amount of scientific evidence will dissuade you from your adolescent illusion . The disbelievers would wish that questioners all jump off a cliff like a horde of lemmings . Anything would be worth holding tight to the false vision of the US . The disbelievers remind me of those German citizens who never accepted The Holocaust . In the long run -LRB- which may not be that long -RRB- , the entire argument does n't matter . The US is swirling down the bowl of a toilet . When people become hungry and homeless on a large scale , it wo n't matter what happened on 9/11 . The Republicans can hold themselves together because collectively they know there is no future for this country , or perhaps for the entire planet . Let everyone starve because the end days are near . Trifles such as morality are of no consequence . As `` Loose Change '' posits
 Absolutely essential viewing for all American citizens - Explains without a doubt that the `` official version '' of 9/11 is a LIE . Watch it and realize that we are living `` The End of America . ''
 Having seen the short preview , I cancelled my order because of the background ` rap ' type music , which is entirely inappropriate as theme music for such a desperately traumatic experience for Americans , most especially the bereaved relatives . Something more sombre , reflecting the sadness of the occasion , would have been more appropriate.However , I now regret my cancellation and will be re-ordering it , as the content is absolutely first class and the music was of shorter duration than the trailer had led me to believe.The film contains much new material and I have little doubt it will prove to be the most devastating indictment of the official account yet.The blind patriotism of so many americans , coupled with compliant media enabled the 9/11 plotters to get away with it -- so far . It is particularly gratifying that the film included the case of Smedley Butler , in which some of the most powerful corporate and financial interests conspired to commit treason by unseating Franklin D. Roosevelt . They would have got away with it had General Smedley Butler , whom the plotters had appointed to lead the coup not gone along with it in order to obtain the evidence to accuse them . In the event the case was quietly buried by the authorities .
 Length :
 Very very insightful . This gives u an in depth look at what really took place on that fateful day . Trust me , it 's not what you see published on mainstream media .
 I 've always had questions about what happened on 9/11 after seeing the documentary it 's `` Crystal Clear '' the previous Administration needs to be held accountable for there Actions.I 'm amazed by the American People who ca n't see the Forest for the Trees , who allow other people to think for them ; Old White Men in suits , who only care about `` show me the money '' oops ! I forgot its Power Corrupts Absolutely all in the name of God we Trust . Good work ! C.M.M.C. & Mr. D. Avery.Keeping you in prayer .
 super good dvd , you have to see it , this will change your opinion regarding the 11-s
 The heated debate surrounding any mention of 9/11 truth in the mainstream media will almost certainly prevent this documentary from getting the attention it deserves . LOOSE CHANGE 9/11
 This movie is amazing , and I highly recommend that you watch it.That being said , I 'm going to speak about the negative reviews on here , none of which bear any credence . First off , the person who wrote the review titled , `` Please Do n't Buy This Crap ! '' should be immediately dismissed because he states that they have `` not seen it , and will not watch it . '' Clearly , and most certainly , they have not even looked at the facts in this movie and have automatically come to the conclusion that anyone who does n't buy into the governments official story surrounding that day , is a wackjob conspiracy theorist like the main stream media would like us all to believe.For the person whose review is simply titled , `` Garbage , '' he/she makes the claim that the filmmaker got rejected from film school . Frankly , even if that 's true , it 's completely irrelevant , and he certainly would n't be the first . This reviewer then goes on to slander the filmmaker by saying that he produces this material to turn a profit on the 9/11 tragedies . This is laughable firstly , because he has literally put his own safety and reputation on the line to bring this message . And secondly , anyone who knows him or the members of the 9/11 Truth Movement knows that his work is fully endorsed by MANY 9/11 victims family members , 9/11 Truth organizations , and first responders , who are dying of respiratory conditions due to EPA Administrator Christie Whitman telling our heroes that the air at ground zero was safe to breathe.Now finally , to the last review , `` Swiss cheese has fewer holes than this film , '' which by the way was the only one to actually raise a real argument . The most blatant lie in this review is this
 Initially , I thought the idea that 9/11 was an inside job was absurd . After watching the film and looking into it critically for almost 10 years now , I find that many things just do not add-up . A deathly ill student of mine whose father was in the U.S. military gave me a copy of this video and told me to be careful with it in my possession . So far I have given it out to hundreds of people who thought what the government told them about 911 was true , and they all woke up and now know that their government lied to us all . I served in the U.S. Army under H.W. Bush during the 1st Gulf War.Here are just a few undisputed facts the movie presents : WTC 1 , 2 and 7 all fell on their footprint in free fall time , but the U.S. Government claimed they all `` pancaked '' . Scientifically , we all know it is strictly impossible for any building -LRB- especially steel columned buildings -RRB- to `` pancake '' in free fall time . The towers were constructed to withstand the impact of MULTIPLE Boeing 707 's -LRB- the largest plane built at the time -RRB- . U.S. scientist Stephen Jones found undetonated nano-thermite in the WTC dust . Where did flight 93 go ? No plane , no engines , no bags nor bodies were found at the Shanksville , Pennsylvania crash site where flight 93 supposedly crashed . There is no evidence to this day that a Boeing 747 crashed into the Pentagon and ALL veteran pilots agree that untrained pilots could not have done it . G.W. Bush walked into the Florida classroom and already knew one plane crashed into the first tower , sat down , pretended to be interested in the class and the goat book , was told another plane crashed into the other tower , and he still kept up the facade . Four planes were off course in the U.S. and 2 crash into both WTC towers and the president is not escorted onto Airforce 1 ? His whereabouts on that day was known to the public five days prior on September 7th . Was he a target ? He even claimed later to the public that he saw the first plane crash into the tower on a tv screen on September 11th , but no images of a plane crashing into the towers were publicly shown until the next day on September 12th . What monitor was he looking at during the events?Don ' t take my word for it or anybody else - look it up and double check everything people , the media , or the government tells you.Why are so many people in the dark ? Some choose to be , and others are deceived in various ways - truth is stranger than fiction - making the whole 911 truth movement hard to swallow in the first place , the truth can be horrible - placing many people in a state of flat-out denial , a lie can provide comfort over the harsh truth , many good people are naive and will not believe that others will do such evil , loyalist will go along with the government 's story , and many have their mind made up with a fixed conclusion causing them to just seek biased confirmation . So far , the scientific based facts and obvious evidence explained in this film and other documentaries that question the official story , all point to foul play by those who reign now , have reigned then , and in the past . 911 was investigated by politicians - the 911 Commission did not contain one scientist . THERE NEEDS TO BE A REAL INVESTIGATION INTO 911 AND NOT ONE BY POLITICIANS . We all must continue with critical thinking and research - it does n't stop here . This movie reminds us of our patriotic duty to be critical of our corrupt run-away government and asks us to demand answers . 911 is not a right/left issue - U.S. citizens need to stop pledging their allegiance to their political parties and start pledging allegiance to their constitution . I also would recommend 911 Press for Truth -LRB- includes testimony from family members of the 911 victims -RRB- , The Tillman Story , Fall of the Republic - the Presidency of Barack Obama , and Terrorstorm - all dealing with how corrupt our government has become and how propaganda has brainwashed the general public into a trance-like state , but I am starting to see a mass awakening .
 Really gives good insight on what really happened as opposed to what we were told on that fateful day . You may believe all , some , or maybe none at all but it gives you a lot to think about . Fascinating .
 Everyone needs to see this . I am a true believer in the idea that the US Government was behind 9/11 . You may not agree , but if you watch this -LRB- along with the first Loose Change -RRB- it may change the way you think about it . I strongly recommend this video .
 I admit it , I 'm a conspiracy nut . I am not a weirdo or a crazy person , I just think outside the box . I do not automatically believe something just because it 's on the news , or because the government says so . I have watched a lot of programs and a ton of dvds regarding the attack on the twin towers . So far , this is the best of them . I guess noone will ever know for sure what happened that day and there are going to be those who call people like me a nut because I have doubts . If you have doubts , watch this dvd . Without givin too much away , it talks about a physicist who found that some of the dust from the trade center contained undetonated materials . It 's told in a documentary style and the story . is very interesting . It makes a person think about the possibilities of another cause of that horrible day . Was . this an inside job ? Why was there material found that should have exploded ? Why was one of the buildings shown on the news to . have fallen an hour prior to its demise ? The dvd has a very nice array of bonus footage as well and in my opinion it is at a nice price point . If you are a conspiracy buff , you will love it . If not , you will still be interested in the documentary .
 This film was really the first in the 9/11 Truth documentaries and really got the truth movement going . Like all Americans , I remember exactly where I was when 9/11 was unfolding . Years before this film , as I watched the first tower fall on live TV I remember thinking , `` Something is NOT right about all this , particularly with the way this building is falling . '' It was a VERY strong , intuitive sense . Now , more than a decade on it seems VERY clear that 9/11 was anything but a terrorist even orchestrated by off-shore Arabs . There are SO many inconsistencies in the government 's `` official '' story , it 's laughable . With the sophisticated video we have today and technical enhancing qualities among other investigative techniques ; it 's insulting that our government would think they could pass such a ridiculous explanation off to it 's own people ... and that we would willingly accept it . That might have worked in a far more innocent time , such as with the assassination of JFK , but it 's quite clear there is a LOT more to this story and Loose Change asks a lot of the right questions .
 this opened my eyes and fears , like it just happened , and answered alot of my questions ! every real american should watch this full of facts documentary ! we must stand up for the truth !
 Thankfully , this documentary is now available for Amazon prime members at no charge , and it is also available for those with a Netflix account . In short , this documentary is available to anyone with a queue . A year or 2 ago , you actually had to buy this documentary to view it , and so negative reviews might have swayed you one way or the other . Well , no need to read any reviews , positive or negative . Just watch this documentary , then make up your own mind . Is every fact discussed in this documentary true ? That 's what you need to think about and verify ; but if even 80 % of what is discussed here is true , we 've got a problem.After you watch this documentary , and your eyelids pop open as one piece after another is put into place , you will ask yourself , how could anyone give this 5 star documentary one star ? Simple . We are now in the era of the false review . If you want to see similar examples , check outImpossible
 I watched this video on Netflix , and was shocked by some valid questions it has raised but unanswered in the official report by 9/11 Commission.I think that most convincing pieces of evidence are the photographs on initial impact damage to Pentagon
 I personally believe the premise of the movie is flawed and the outcome is wrong but it was a well put together argument even if I disagree with it.The movie brought up arguments that not everyone has answers for . In fact I think this documentary presented the `` Truther '' argument better than any other I have seen.Once again , that does n't not mean I am a truther but never the less , this was compelling and interesting .
 This is the most profound documentary many will ever see . Truthfully , it 's too much for most people . If you enjoy la la land just let this one be . Ignorance is bliss and everyone is entitled to it . The premise of this film is that the events of 911 were a controled demolition and an attack on the American public in order to null the constitution and bill of rights and set into motion the final phase of tyrany and corporate racism in the USA . I wish it were just a bad movie gentleman and ladies , but it is not . The official story is a conspiracy theory - literally . Make up your own mind if you still have control of it . flouride head -
 I 'm not a conspiracy theorist . But , I do recognize the horrible corruption going on in our unscrupulous government ! All politicians are out for themselves and are destroying this great country with the lies and deceit . Movies like this make the public , which is blind and lied to everyday see what 's really going on . It 's my hope that movies like this wake up Americans to the true demeanor of our horrible government . Rent or buy this is a vary , vary , I ca n't stress it enough !!! Must see for all Americans !!!! Please watch this documentary for your future and the future of your children . I know you ca n't believe everything you see and hear but please watch !!! Before it 's too late !!!!
 If I were recommending a single film on the truth about what happened on 9/11 , this would be it.The earlier versions of Loose Change were great , but this one has elevated their production values to a truly professional level.Also , the blockbuster Barry Jennings footage in this documentary gives their thesis undeniable credibility .
 This was a compelling , interesting exploration of what probably really happened on 9/11 . I 'm always skeptical of conspiracy theories especially one that would involve the Bush Family -LRB- Each generation ? Dumb , dumber , and dumber ... -RRB- They just ai n't smart enough , fellas . But Cheney is clearly one crazy dude who clearly is filled with blood lust -LRB- Even though he got 7 deferments from Viet Nam . What a mean guy ... -RRB- It might be true but who knows ?
 The official version of events surrounding the collapse of the World Trade Center buildings has long been questioned by many . Does the official explanation of these events really provide a satisfactory explanation of what happened and how it happened ? This topic has emerged as a highly polarizing , hotly debated subject.This documentary takes the view the planes alone could not have precipitated the fall of the World Trade Center buildings as it occurred and attempts to provide background and documentation to support that view . This view believes a series of controlled explosions similar to the controlled demolition of a building that is to be destroyed were required to produce the devastation that took place.Questions are also raised as to the nature of the event at the Pentagon and the field in Pennsylvania . Whether one agrees with the documentaries ' conclusions the questions deserve answers which have not been forthcoming from official sources . The documentary claims to seek a satisfactory answer that accounts for the facts as they exist and believes the explanation they offer best meets that end.As the subject has been polarizing so this documentary is polarizing as exhibited by the range of opinions written by the various reviewers . The implications of this documentary are disturbing and it should be approached cautiously ; it is not for everyone .
 Consider this movie before we go to war ever again . False Flag , or what ever . We need to ask serious questions before we ever go to war again .
 This is perhaps the fourth edition of `` Loose Change '' and I truly appreciate them all . Each version is better than the last however , please know , they are all important to watch . I wish I could watch each version again because they all present raw information that is critical to be presented in the raw form . I read the one star reviews and was saddened that almost none of them could n't produce any reference that would repudiate the traceable references presented in the four versions of this documentary . I say `` almost none '' because I have n't yet checked the wiki references one commenter offered -LRB- the only reference a single star person offered -RRB- . Each version drifts closer to the question
 Interesting that the negative comments posted here have nothing to do with thoughtfulness or debate but sound like propaganda from attack dogs . I 've investigated the events of 9/11 from both sides of the controversy and its very clear that there dozens and dozens of unanswered questions that should have been easily answered within a short period of time after the events . Obvious things such as ... how is it possible that a super high security building like the Pentagon did not have numerous security camera videos of the `` plane '' coming in and striking the building ? The best that can be found is a video from a gas station ? Ridiculous ! That 's just one obvious one and if you are an honest person who is being swayed from looking into the `` crazy conspiracy theory '' side of 9/11 by hateful comments such as the ones posted in these reviews , I would suggest watching the video and going to YouTube as well and digging into explanations from BOTH sides of the controversy and making up your own mind . I 've found many of the rational explanations on the non-conspiracy side to be compelling as well so be a real American and gather all the data for yourself and then see what you think rather than simply stimulus/response reacting because of rabid postings .
 This version of Loose Change gives a great historical perspective for the basis of absolute power corrupts absolutely . Could a goverment in a means to an end operate for the benefit of a few at the expense of the many . This version does a nice job of answering that question
 After viewing this well produced documentary , it affirms my opinion that `` Our Goverments are run by the Big Dollar & Self Intrest Folks '' That will stop at nothing to gain and control the Power they have to meet their own Selfish Self Interests . . In regards to The theory in this DVD on what was used to bring the Towers down `` Not The Aircraft '' , I am very Familiar and Trained in this Method of `` Thermites '' invented by a German named Orgotherm . We used it to weld Ribbon Rail on the Railroad . It tells of All The Big Companys that tryed to Bribe a Major General with a reward of 30 Million Dollars and 500,000 mercenarys to topple President Roosevelts Presidency in 1934 . I wont publish the names of the companys here , but it will knock you over , if you view the DVD . Big Steel Co. . Big Food Co. 1 of Big 3 Auto Mfgs . A Mega Large U.S. Bank . A Large Weapons Co. A Major Tire Co. . & The Grandfather of 1 of our ` Living Ex - Presidents ... It shows how LBJ tricked Congress into the ` Tonkin Gulf Resolution '' that sent us to war with N. Viet Nam . . Anyone who purchases this DVD , it will be the Best Investment You Ever made . In Regards to your knowledge , as to how far a goverment will go to conspire with evil doers , to make a stinking Dollar . . I was in The USAF 12 years and I kid you not . As I posted this DVD `` Will Scare The Hell Out Of You '' , but make you much more wiser .
 `` Loose Change '' is one of the very few films in recent history that has deservedly acquired `` cult '' status . Directed by Dylan Avery , with a $ 2,000 budget , it was originally released for free in the internet and as DVD in some stores in 2005 . Since then , it has been edited and released three additional times , the most recent one being the very informative and provocative `` Loose Change 9/11
 This is a riveting documentary , which echos the `` conspiracy theory '' of 9/11
 I have heard all the propagandas and double talk about 9/11 . But this DVD explaination is the only logical explaination of what I see with my own eyes regarding the fall of the World Trade Center.The basic laws of physic would make all the other explainations improbable , and this one is the only one that would make sense under the laws of physic.If you want to know the truth about 9/11 World Trade Towers , watch this DVD .
 Essentially , this documentary outlines the ingredients used by intelligence operatives to piggyback plausible deniable operations on top of actions discovered to be `` in progress . '' The operations essentially become intertwined presumably resulting in adequate plausible deniability with the aid of the press and other `` experts '' and Pentagon `` sources '' after the fact . The two towers collapsing , or imploding in the way they did , is interesting enough . However , when I went to the National Institute of Standard and Technology -LRB- NIST -RRB- Report to discover the reasons for the speed of the collapse , I was disappointed . NIST decided not to study to collapse of the towers from the point of initiation to the ground . It seems like common sense that one would want to know WHY the buildings collapsed so fast , and physical calculations would certainly aid in that discovery . There are many other aspects to the attack 9 years ago that go beyond mere speculation and into the realm of simple lack of sound police work . For example , if one googles mural truck and 911 , one will arrive at a police broadcast where NYPD stopped a truck with a mural depicting the attacks . They stopped the vehicle on 911 and apprehended the drivers . The press did not follow up on the intriquing story . In fact , there were several B team trucks in Manhattan which caused havoc and confusion -LRB- and some described as exploding -RRB- , but they are scarely known except through original reports to be found on Youtube . It seems that the entire pandora 's box began with the training and preparation of some Saudi Arabians but became something completely horrific -- one that has changed history forever .
 A supernatural/otherworldy ` good vs. evil ' horror movie in the general vein ofThe Exorcism of Emily Rose - Unrated -LRB- Special Edition -RRB- The Exorcist - The Complete Anthology -LRB- The Exorcist / The Exorcist - Unrated / The Exorcist II
 I just got finished watching this movie . It kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time , if your a fan of Horrir movies , then this movie is right up there on the list of ones to see . I believe there going to be making a second film , judging by the way it ended .
 This movie actually suprised me . I was n't expecting much , but it actually turned out to be really good , with a great story line . I orginally bought this just because I know one of the actors who has a minor part in the movie , but I am glad I bought it . It has a sort of suprise ending and it will keep you interested the whole time .
 I must say this moving was not bad at all . This movies was fast paced and direct to the point . I thought I was going to be disappointment , but I was impressed with this film .
 If you are looking for something other than slasher/SAW like films , then this is for you . The story may seem like some other 's you have seen over the years , i.e. , Rosemary 's Baby , etc. . . but it 's a movie that had us stumped until the end ... the reviews may not have been good , but it 's quality horror , as far as horror goes . I am sick of gore movies with college age , sex-crazed kids being slashed to death . This , at least , has a decent storyline and a surprise ending . I thought it was well done and worth a watch .
 Sure , the end-of-days storyline is nothing brand new , but I found The Reaping to be a unique , well-written and suspenseful story . This movie takes an educated look at religious parables and possible scientific causes , which I find fascinating . Most of all , however , this movie tells a timely metaphor about the struggle between the pure will of God versus the misguided , fanatical will of man . The world itself struggles to embrace the concept of a higher power * in addition to * science , without destroying each other in the name of any popular , polarizing religion.I 've seen many horror and sci-fi films , and did n't find this one to be annoying or cheesy at all , as other reviews suggested . I thought all of the characters were believable and I really enjoyed the entire movie . The `` Special Features '' section of the DVD includes a documentary on possible scientific explanations of the biblical plagues , which was also well produced and thought-provoking .
 In a small town called Haven in Louisiana there are series of bizzare events that seem to point toward there being a biblical plaque on the loose , like rivers of human blood , livestock dying mysteriously , boils and locusts erupting and swarming through the town.A former Christian missionary Katherine who no longer believes in God or miracles played by the versatile Hilary Swank along with her intelligent assistant portrayed by the yummy Idris Elba are persuaded by one of the town 's residents , the hunky Doug , David Morrissey at his smoldering best , to come along and investigate the strange goings on in his home town.He persuades Katherine to come by telling her that the town is blaming a little girl , a child who is not much older than Katherine 's murdered daughter . It 's a ploy that works and she and her assistant accompany Doug to Haven.What happens next is both thrilling and nerve racking . There are enough heart stopping moments in this movie that will make your pacemaker go into overdrive , I certainly jumped on more than one occasion!Great special effects , solid acting , Stephen Rea only has small part as the tormented priest who tries to warn Katherine that she is great danger , but he does it with great aplomb and conviction.Anna Sophia Robb is Lauren , a girl who you are not sure is good or bad only that she seems to be around a lot when terrible things happen and that she is the key in all that is going on it what should be a lovely little bible belt town hidden from the outside world.There are two good twists in the tale in this movie , I wo n't spoil them by telling you what they are but they are good.This is a great film and Swank steals the show though everyone else is excellent in it.A bit slow moving at first but it gathers momentum and culminates in the ride of your life as as you try to work out who is good , who is bad and what the hell is going on in the supposed God fearing town of Haven ?
 I really liked this movie . I thought it was pretty creepy and the actress and actors did a good job ! It kept my nerves on edge the whole time .
 Outstanding production by Hopkins and magnificent work by Swank ! 5 stars from start to finish !!!
 This is an excellent movie that always kept me on my toes , off my seat and my horror-loving pounding heart wanting more.Since I have always been interested in biblical times , more of the Old Testament , this movie is the way to go and to me , it is a movie that you would n't expect it to be in the end ... really !!!!! ... You have to see to believe ...
 I really enjoyed his movie . Knowing the Bible 's plaques and also knowing scientific facts of how they could be justified if you wanted to not take them to reason of it all being God 's will I could appreciate this movie very much . I found this gripping , intense and also touching at times . I would say be your own critic in this particular movie . Do n't watch the special features first ! Not knowing how they did the locus scene made it more intense and horrific . I did n't notice the rating of this movie but I would give it a R rating myself and not let small children watch this movie . I would even not trust a PG-13 rating because of the occult message in the movie of Satin verses God message that was sent during this movie when they arrived in Haven . This is just my opinion . I am a Hilary Swank movie collector and have no regrets I 've added this to my collection . I thought she did a great job in this movie . AnnaSophia was delightful yet frightening at times when she gave that glare of hers with those beautiful eyes . I am glad they selected her to play the little girl who lived in the swamps .
 Hilary is brilliant as a disputer of the occult much like Houdini was in real life . Her latest assignment takes her to a small southern town where the people want the carnage to stop . Solution
 Ok , let 's be honest -- this is not a good film . It 's not an ok film . And it 's not a bad film.To me this is a film like , say , Roadhouse , Tremors or , I do n't know -- Wild in the Streets ? -- that is so irredeemably out there , so vividly rendered in just a straightaway un-ironic fashion , that it transcends its mere badness and actually becomes a fun , highly enjoyable guilty pleasure.This is really a perfect B-film -- Hilary Swank plays it rigidly straight as the rational scientist even as she encounters increasingly absurd happenings that could only be the Devil 's handiwork . Her sidekick is a gonner right from the get-go ; the hunky sheriff in the bayou is hilarious , along with his overgrown gothic mansion right out of Forrest Gump ; the townspeople and the local vigilante killing party are like some deluded crew from Doc Hollywood -- I really just enjoyed all of it.If there was the slightest smirk , snark , or wink this film would just be pretty lousy . As it is it is a fun , solid B-movie thriller , the kind that has you talking back to the characters , discussing plot points with your friends , and eager to see it again .
 I loved the action , special effects , plot twists , and in the end the beautiful anna sophia robb being the angel of God on Earth come to slay the wicked was simply awesome ! I absolutely loved the plot and the acting and sound were superb . Hillary Swank was excellent as well . They could not have cast these two better.I think Idris Elba was mis-cast -- probably to politically-correctly couterbalance the first part of the film where Hillary Swank 's family was killed by machete for voodoo reasons in Africa by blacks ... Ca n't have blacks being the voodoo bad guys and that 's it . Come to think of it , the whole film was aimed at the plantation / deep traditional south types as being just as voodoo as the Africans -- a sort of spiritual affirmative-action ? There is only one problem . We know the average IQ of Africans is around 67 , but for American whites the average is over 100 ... so that part was hard to swallow . Africans are way more voodoo than southern whites ever dreamed of being . So what 's up with that ? Lets stop beating up on southerners and promoting negative stereotypes that are untrue . Pretty nitpicky , I know ... At least it was not as blatantly political as `` Villiage of the Damned '' or `` Schindlers List '' or something.Other than that , I truly do not understand the negative reviews . This was a great movie -- suspenseful , gripping , powerful . Great acting . Great sound . Great special effects . If you liked Anna Sophia Robb in `` Because of Winn-Dixie '' and `` Bridge to Terabithia '' then you will love her in this too as an angel of God . She is great .
 I have suggested before , maybe somewhat controversially , if you 're looking for horror , you do n't have to go any further than the Bible for inspiration . It is full of hellions , fallen angels , possessions , promiscuous women , brutal characters and my personal favourite horror sub-genre , the apocalypse.Everyone 's familiar with the likes of
 Hilary Swank does a great job per usual , although the movie is pretty predictable . It actually has a few twists and turns , and the acting is good enough to sit back and enjoy the show !
 HAVE TO WATCH TO THE END A TWISTER . ALWAYS WONDERING WHATS NEXT . STILL GREY ABOUT ENDING . AAA AAA AAA AA
 One of my favorite movies . Played through w/out interruption of pauses for downloading . Easy purchase process :-RRB- love the selection I get w/my Amazon Prime membership !
 If you understand the concept of the plagues from the bible you will find this plot interesting , well conceived and well acted .
 I personally liked this movie despite the negative reviews it was nice to watch a horror film with an entirely different and sinister story line . I surely would not take it to church and watch it either folks but this is not about religion it is only entertainment nothing is to be taken out of context from movies , games , or music really people should not view these things as tools to influence others because they really do not have that intent with the exception of a documentary or reality type TV people must not take things as serious as they do . I think the problem with this world is that someone says or does something without the intent to cause any harm mentally and then some person takes it to heart a bit too much and this causes triggers a violent reaction . I can not stress enough it is only entertainment if you watch a horror movie it is not the intent to worship the devil it is just the intent to be scared or entertained no different then riding that roller coaster at an amusement park . And this movie is a good entertaining horror flick maybe not what you would expect but I think that 's what provided me the good vibe for this movie was the fact that it was totally different then what I had expected and the effects were rather interesting .
 I THOUGHT THAT THIS MOVIE WAS GOOD AND TURNS OUT TO BE A LITTLE SCARY .
 Hilary Swank is an ordained minister who has turned her back on religion . She now spends her time disproving religious phenomenon . Now she has been called to the small town of Haven where supposedly a young girl turned the local river into blood . But no sooner does the investigation begin than frogs fall from the sky . Soon more plagues manifest in the small community . Many of the townsfolk feel it is the work of a young girl living in the swamp and that she should be eliminated . But what is really going on and what role is Swank supposed to play ? Another minster who Swank is acquainted with thinks he may have the answer.As the film moves along it does a very good job of playing The Old Testament and keeping things on track . But later when the new prophesy is brought in it gets a little muddled . I found it interesting that it had to be stressed that the prophesy was older than Christ when they are reliving events far older . Is magic at work ? Is it God ? The Devil ? Is faith required ? Overall a pretty good movie although it gets a little muddled at the end as explanations are offered too quickly to sink in as the action escalates . Could have been a little better but still pretty good . Check it out .
 I am not understanding the bad reviews being dished out onto this film . In fact , I almost did n't watch it because of them . I am so happy that I opted to ignore the negative hype . I enjoyed this movie immensely ! Swank 's character had been dealt a faith destroying event in her life and became a witch-hunter of miracles . God brings her back by giving her the real deal . This was just a fantastic movie and I do not want to spoil it for others by saying too much . Just please watch it without the influence of the bad reviews .
 I like most movies with Hillary Swank or Angelina Jolie.Both are great actresses and both are beautiful.I would rate this 3 stars for strong plot and I have toadd another star as I enjoyed looking at Hillary in a fewdifferent outfits . 4 stars total.Not the best special effects , but I do n't understand thenegative comments about the CGI . More than adequate andI 've seen much worse.Too bad Stephen Rea did n't have a bigger role in this movie.It could have been a 5 star movie . --
 I had forgotten all about this film until I saw its trailer on another movie . It was next on my list , and I 'm glad I saw it.I think it fits in with the pyschological/thriller genre , instead of horror . I thought the acting was great , and the story made sense.This is one of those movies that you 'll really like , or nor , not much in between.I loved Swank 's character , and I would reccommend renting this and giving it a chance.I give it a B.
 This movie definitely had its points where I was scared simply because I was surprised . While I would n't give this movie a perfect rating , I do give it four out of five stars for being different , visually stimulating , and good for those who love movies with a supernatural and/or religious twist .
 this movie was fab . it holds your imagination right to the end i think it was just as good as the movie the seventh sign or even better .
 There have been a lot of swamp movies lately -LRB- Skeleton Key , Venom , Hatchet -RRB- and all of them are amazing , this one , however , stands out . This one takes the religious overture of the movie and heats it up . Though cheesy in some scenes -LRB- flies on the BBQ -RRB- , the movie stays strong to the plot and does n't leave us with questions . The effects are the only thing that was n't top notch with this movie , but I guess they spent all their money getting Hilary Swank to do a horror movie after winning her Academy Award . Great movie overall .
 I decided to write a short review in here , simply because this movie seems to have gotten mixed , if not very poor reviews . I personally was fascinated with this movie ! I thought this was actually one of the best `` Satanic Cult '' movies I 've seen with one of the better twists I 've seen at the end of a movie . I think AnnaSophia Robb plays her role great!Even without very many lines , her character is VERY intense and well-acted . I think you have to watch it 2 or 3 times to pick up on the subtle parts of the prophecy which add to this very interesting and original plotline . Anyway , I just wanted to put my two cents in because I THOROUGHLY enjoyed this movie . I 'm thinking that some of the best parts of this movie may have gone unnoticed by some of these harsh critics .
 Stephen Hopkins directs The Reaping which is a very good supernatural thriller . Hillary Swank plays Katherine Winter who is an investigative scholar regarding paranormal events . She uncovers fraud and fake miracles . However , there are 10 biblical plagues that seem to occur in a very short period of time . The actors and special effects make The Reaping a movie that is worth seeing . There is a 20-minute stretch of non action that the director should have cut from the final version . On the bright side , Hilary Swank gives another talented performance.Plus , the ending is spectacular . I rate this movie with 4 stars .
 I thought I knew the plot all the way through the movie . At one point , forget about it ! I wish I had kept count , but I thought I had the cliff figured out each time . I was actually dizzie by the credits and if I had not been busy the next day , I would have watched the movie more then once , to see how I was so easily confused.If you are looking for something to make the evening a mandatory cuddle fest out of the evening , this is the flick . If you want to test your testosterone in private or with friends in the man cave , this is much better then a Resident Evil marathon . Add this to your DVR or Tivo recordings of Sci-Fi Channel 's Ghost Hunter 's better cases.By no means was it as freaky ` The Exorcist ' , so hang in there !
 Well , maybe not.But the fun in this film is that it takes a standard idea in horror -LRB- child with supernatural abilities -RRB- and mixes in some regulars like the town that is not what it seems , and adds a `` much older '' prophecy that is telegraphed to a Priest by fiery edits of his photo collection.The Characters are developed well , and the story is layed out very carefully until the climactic end , which also leaves a sufficient amount hanging to allow for a sequel.I had been waiting to buy this item , and I have not been disappointed , good watch , very good audio 5.1 mix.Also , it emerges in the extras that this film was one of a number that were affected by Cyclone Katrina -LRB- I had thought SKELETON KEY was a similar one , but I think it was pre-Katrina -RRB- . The DVD is unfortunately a double sided disc , which is a format that has its own problems in many DVD players , so I hope they fix that in later releases.The small number of extra material is nice , but this might have benefited from a track commentary .
 I seem to have liked this movie more than most people -LRB- but I like occult-type movies generally -RRB- . Of course , the movie has a twist so , the question is
 I am very , very pleased with this company and the time it took me to get my product , I will recommend this company to friends and family and will use again . Melba Hyatt
 this movie wont just scare you it will @ ! # $ -LSB- mess -RSB- you up for life!it helps to know what the 10 plagues were.if you dont i ask why the heck havent been reading your bible?dont you know you go to ... well anyway , maybe not , maybe youll just get plagued.parts of this movie are gut-wreanching . some are hard to hear , much less watch.yes ive seen the exorcist and the texas chainsaw massacre and freddy , jason , mike myers , chucky , pinhead and the omen series but they all pale in comparison to this wrath of the almighty , scare your butt back to sunday school,god-fearing movie here!god is really more of a teacher than someone to be feared-magneto . i agree , but god was definately p ` od in this one.so take your meds , sit back and watch and with any luck , youll forget your hideous nightmares that are bound to follow .
 Not since the movie Stigmata has there been an amazing religious-themed thriller such as The Reaping that once again challenges Christian belief ! Look past any controversy this movie dukes out with Bible thumping crazies , and try to appreciate it for it 's true cinematic pleasure . You will NOT be disappointed . This movie is a white knuckle thrill ride for those of us who enjoy a good scare.Hilary Swank plays a former Christian missionary who now specializes in debunking religious phenomena , who has been called upon to investigate a small Louisiana town which seems to be suffering from the 10 Biblical plagues . Kudos to the film crew staying down south in between Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita to continue filming ! At first , the small town of Haven seems like any Maple Drive all-American town but I had trouble believing we were deep in voodoo country . Hilary 's assistant is the only black man in town ! But all that is quickly thrown aside when the two accompany officials to take a look at the town river that has turned red . The Spanish moss-laced scenery is breath taking and you will soon be settled in for a good chill that does n't go away so easily.One by one , the ten plagues start to affect the town and are linked to a backwoods family shunned by the towns folk . Hilary and her assistant investigate but have trouble dismissing the plagues with the help of science . It all builds up to a magnificent locust attack scene that you MUST see on the big screen . I have n't seen anything as fun since Hitchcock 's The Birds , and ca n't wait to see it again on DVD.With a twist at the end that you will never guess , there is hope for a sequel !
 I am biased . I love Hilary Swank . Like Biblical thrillers . Impressed with great visual effects.Two-time Oscar winner Hilary Swank is a great actress , I believe given the right role , she will portray it to near-perfection . Her latest film , `` The Reaping '' is a Biblical thriller based on the 10 Plagues in the Book of Exodus . I 'm assuming most , if not everyone has heard the story of Moses , if you did , then , you pretty much know what the film is about . The question is
 the reaping was wickedly good . i do n't know what 's up with all this negative talk it 's been getting . i saw nothing but positives . overall it was a good film . not bad , or lame or whatever . i found it to give me the creeps a bit if you really think about it , and it was interesting . the whole 10 plague deal . i thought it was very good . the way they explained it and created it . good show . i guess it all just depends on your personal taste obviously , but i know what i like and i sure liked this one . it 's about this woman who use to be a minister , but after a tragic loss she 's lost complete faith and turned her back on belief . well , her theory is that for every miracle there is a scientific explanation , and that has become her lifes work . that there is an explanation for everything , until she goes to a small town named haven where wierd things have started and continue to happen . this is where the 10 plagues come about . she does n't believe at first , but little by little her belief is returning . the whole town blames a young girl who looks innocent , but has these devil eyes . very wicked looking . we ask is it Gods work or is the devil at play . well things get worse , everybodies on the verge of hysteria . and the only sensible solution they can come up with -LRB- the town folk -RRB- is to kill the little girl . well , then katherine -LRB- the woman -RRB- must find out the truth , what is the cause , does an innocent child die or is she really at fault . every step of the way leads her to the truth . an unexpected truth , that she will have to face it and all the while her life and her sanity are both in danger . very well written , great story , and well acted . captivating and brings it all . hilary swank , great actress , and she carries the whole movie beautifully . she 's strong and determined and that bleeds through in the film . the little girl did a good job as well . the whole concept was a bright one and no matter what , i thougt this movie was tight .
 It just goes to show that talent is not geographical.Hilary Swank is all class - even if a movie is so-so , she never , EVER is.But all those other ` non-Hollywood ' professional actors from Louisiana prove that they hold their own with a 2-time Oscar Winning actress & award-winning director.Musicians , Singers , Artists & Chefs receive deserved national attention and recognition . It 's about time performing artists do too , and this movie proves it . -LRB- Even though , admittedly , it 's not the best movie to ever come out of Louisiana . -RRB- But it certainly provokes a dialogue about religion , science , faith & fact . But personally , that does n't matter either because the movie 's production company unwittingly evacuated about 200 Louisiana employees during Hurricane Katrina & committed to finish the movie there . It cost them much money to do that , I 'm sure . How ironic a movie about the 10 Biblical signs of the plague would be challenged by the biggest natural disaster to hit the exact location of the film ? Which makes it more special & worth owning .
 I love these kind of movies . They keep your attention and then blow your mind . I ' t kept my attention from start to finish . I am glad that I purchased this DVD for my movie collection .
 Love this show , no extereme violence , no too scary , great actors . Good story line . Would buy it again if I needed to .
 If you 're expecting John Wayne to limp around an over-lit Saloon , this is not the film for you . If you 're a fan of the spaghetti westerns , you 'll love it . Great acting , cinematography , music and script . I have to watch it again to catch all the nuances . Reminded me of a Tarantino film .
 Very interesting movie . The only thing better than watching the movie was reading the divided reviews about it . Like ALL the negative reviewers I agree that going into this with stiff expectations for getting what you want out of a western or Tarantino-rip off then you will be immediately dissappointed . This movie is not a western , nor is it a Tarantino-B-Movie , it dresses up like both genres but it does n't represent neither of them as it creates its own experience . That said , after watching this flick twice -LRB- yes , you may have to watch it again -RRB- I am certain that I have absolutely no idea of the original direction of this movie or what the producers/directors were agreeing on as this went into production . Im also fairly certain that the end result was not the orginal idea . If it was then these guys are pure geniuses on the Sergio Leonne level in terms of breaking down a genre , actually two genres , and building up something totally new and different from the scraps . This is not a movie for everyone and like most people I went into this just wanting to see a B western movie -LRB- as the title and previews hint towards -RRB- . What I saw initially disgusted me as I had to think about what I was watching and suspend my urges to be thrilled by another formulaic revenge plot western . This movie is NOT formulaic in anyway . It genuinely and secretly breaks the mold without promising to , without advertising itself as a great movie . I can see the average movie goer giving this 1 star or walking out in the first 10 minutes . Yes the movie pretends to be cheesy with a hillbilly voice over narration and Tarantino-like blood gushes but that is just costume jewelry disguising something that is many carats of bling . I gave this movie 5 stars for originality alone and its ability to be cheesy and potentially empty and formualic but making me want to watch it . Looking forward to part 2 of this flick and whatever else this Production/Directorial team is doing next .
 This film is deserving of the awards it received . Even though I do n't speak French and had to read subtitles , the content is very emotional and speaks volumes about this family 's love of their very special and difficult child .
 Every human should see this film , and remember it when they encounter another affected by autism . The beauty under one 's surface is so readily overlooked ... Thank you for this film .
 What is and what will never be - sad but true . How different life could have been for autistic Sabine if she had not been institutionalized . To see the contrast of `` before '' and `` after '' is truly saddening . I can only imagine the regret her family suffers for having let her languish in that institution for so long . Even yet , this one slip is not the end of all hope . With love and proper care , Sabine can be brought back , bit by bit - and although she will likely never again be the person she once was , at least she will have a better quality of life going forward . A win-win situation , for her , for her family , for everyone . This is a wonderful documentary .
 I love foreign films and documentaries and this film is why . Sandrine just puts the camera on her sister Sabine and lets it speak for itself . Mixed in are the enchanting home movies from Sabine 's youth . As a good documentary should do Sandrine does n't try to shape the film into anything other than what it is . Fortunately things were improving towards the end of the film , I do n't know if I could have handled it if they were not . See this film , you will not regret it !
 What is most remarkable about this movie is the contrast between the earlier footage of Sabine 's youth and the later footage of her after being institutionalized and highly medicated . It seems that independent integrated living for the disabled is as much a quandary in France as here . One moment I liked is when the mother of one of Sabine 's fellow residents describes the effects of taking her son 's medication by accident . There 's also what struck me as a sort of unusual definition of autism by one of Sabine 's caseworkers . But what is most unforgettable and makes this film a must see is a scene where Sabine herself is shown the film of her earlier life .
 So beautiful . So gifted . But with a neurological problem which causes her to lash out at herself and others . Her mother and siblings are bewildered , and unsure how to help her . As life takes its course and her siblings move away to their families and careers , Sabine , stuck in childhood , feels angry and abandoned . Her behavior deteriorates , and after trying to find other solutions , she is institutionalized . The toxic medications and shock of the experience leave her devastated.This film picks up at a point in which Sabine has been removed from the institution , and placed into a group care home by her sister Sandrine . Sandrine Bonnaire , the auteur of this film , and a famous French actress , had lobbied to create the group home simply to improve her sister Sabine 's life . This film follows the day to day life of Sabine and the handful of other residents . Personalized compassionate care is given each one ; at first I felt outraged they were not allowed to rest , or the epileptic given a wheelchair . Then I realized , the staff makes a constant effort to push each one just past the point of comfort , to keep them from stagnating . When they truly can not , the staff steps in without judgment . Indeed , as the staff are drooled on , spat at , bitten and hit , and never lose temper , one sees why there are so few homes like this . Such saints do not grow on trees . It is very touching how endlessly patient the staff are with the residents of the group home.This is not a film to watch if you become sad easily . This is not a feel good ` triumph of the spirit ' movie . This is daily life put to film . The good news is that Sabine improved after living in this group home . The bad news is that for her and the other residents , this house in the country , with flies buzzing , and day trips to buy some clothes , or eat at a fast food place , are as good as it gets . Sandrine Bonnaire has made a gem of a love letter to her sister . We can not forget her or the other residents . Her name is Sabine ; and this film is heartbreaking .
 I just recently watched Sandrine Bonnaire 's excellent film about chess - Queen to Play - and found the movie Sabine as a result of the discovery of the film about chess.Sandrine Bonnaire makes a hauntingly lovely film about her impaired sister and manages to do so in a loving way which I thought was not exploitative . As someone who is familiar with individuals who have similar syndromes , I found the film very true to life but also wondered about the accuracy of the diagnosis of autism . I was also curious as regards the obvious decline in Sabine 's disease - was this due to medication/damage -LRB- as the film suggests -RRB- or to the progression of the condition ? It seems to me that Sandrine Bonnaire 's portrayal of the title character in the Vagabonde may have been influenced by her exposure to Sabine.The film makes the clear point that families - including those of the rich and powerful - must struggle mightily to provide humane decent care for their relatives - and that much of the struggle is left to each family to develop on their own.The film is ultimately haunting , affecting and true-to-life . I agree with other reviewers that the individuals who patiently provide care to Sabine and her housemates and who in other settings are often poorly compensated for this difficult work - deserve recognition .
 A moving documentary about the autistic sister of a great french actress , Sadrine Bonnaire -LRB- La Ceremonie , Vagabond - Criterion Collection , etc. -RRB- . She is known for her roles of complex and rebellious woman and this documentary is no different.It is a very personal look at how autism is treated with a message of hope for the future . The footage of their childhood broke my heart , especially when Sabine watches the video of herself as a child . A truly amazing piece of filmmaking that made me appreciate Sabrine Bonnaire even more . What extraordinary women !
 A courageous documentary of her own sister 's passage from youth to middle-age , in a neutral style - yet it evokes pathos , ethos , and at least for me - great sadness . Also , it seems that the effects of medicines on Sabine are quite drastic and telling . A parent 's description of the of her accidentally taking her son 's medicine and how she felt are quite poignant . As is the gut-wrenching , heart-shredding feeling , of watching Sabine perhaps realizing the loss of her own pre-medicinal ` normal ' self into a darker more restrictive world post her institutionalization . It is a an enlightening and humbling documentary to watch . Sabine 's move to a home allows her to be more free again , and seems like a better place to be . The lack of appropriate institutions to care for our loved ones in our ` top of the world ' societies is obvious .
 Have you noticed that many of the constructive films of our age are coming out of France ? They go beyond gratuitous sex and violence and meaningless car chases . If you are wondering what I am talking about , try Microcosmos , and try Her Name is Sabine . Hats off to the French.While the world waits for all human problems to be solved by technological innovation , we need to take notice when technology -- in this case movie-making -- is directed beyond mindless escape.Autism , and mental illness in general , haunt many families , and isolate them from resources supporting the majority of the population . In facing autism , society gropes forward seeking solutions . Those who sit on the outside and watch lack understanding , and those caught on the inside suffer . This movie is a bridge , a gift of insight , a cry for help for those who have been stranded in a no man 's land of mental isolation , a cry of love from one sister to another .
 It will take me a few days to settle my feelings about this film . It was a great film , a testament to a sister 's love and to the dedication of people who work with severly autistic and brain damaged individuals . I think every teacher and other humans should see this . It is hard to watch but you have to .
 Have to `` confess `` that I went to the screening of this documentarybecause of a long appreciation of Sandrine Bonnaire 's unique presense as an actress/How to describe her ? Earthy , delicate , soulful / akin to a german shepherd perhaps ... Here is a film she made devoted to her sister , SabineJust exquisite & transcends catagories / It is full of humor and empathy and pathos/Bravo ! Here is a sampling of humanity in its more compassionate dimension all around . . See this.This piece lends values of caregiving , sisterhood , all fleshed out & visceral , and in the moment , Exuberant and joyous , too by the way . . see this !
 Blind Fate -LRB- Slepy Traf -RRB- is an action movie about mobsters that is probably different than any other movie about the mafia you have ever watched . The two goons in this movie have disabilities . The guy nicknamed Blind has periods in which he looses his sight , perhaps due to stress . His partner is called Pressure and does n't speak ; Pressure hands out cards that say everything he needs to communicate typed out on them . I was expecting a third guy that is deaf to complement them , but there was n't one.Blind is tired of the business and wants to get out , but he knows that it is n't going to be easy leaving his boss . Blind is a big Chuck Norris fan and has a special relationship with him -- Chuck actually appears to him giving his spiritual guidance . Although Chuck Norris -LRB- or actually his Polish look-alike Jacek Pieniazek -RRB- is in this movie , he is more of a guardian angel or advisor and not the main attraction in this action film . Blind wears a big cross and likes to quote a part of the Bible , so if a religious gangster is going to have a spiritual mentor , it might as well be Chuck Norris.Blind Fate is an unusual action movie that is much harder to predict where the story is going than many other films so it is that much more suspenseful . Although most of the movie appears serious in tone at first , with the exception of a few parts that are clearly funny , it is n't as solemn if we look again . After all , just about everything I wrote so far does n't sound usual or normal so the big picture is more entertaining than chilling .
 Carlos Mencia is about the funniest man on the plantet . He says it like it is . I have n't enjoyed comedy as much since the Blue Collar Comedy DVD 's . I love this guy .
 loved it , never laughed so much in my life
 First of all let me tell yow this guy si good , thats a fact ! he is a lot better than other comedians , like G. Lopez , Lopez is good but when did stand up , he would only talk about mexican americans , dont get me wrong i like Lopes but carlos is comeddy for everyone and if you dont like his comedy is because either you like or not you got ofender . the bottom line is that every thing he tells in this DVD is true and people wana think that this stuff is not true and that this is real most of the content on the DVD gots lots of sence and people do n`t wana open their eyes and see reality this is the real world people !
 Best comedian out there . This is also his best DVD in my opinion . I recommend you try all of his DVD 's
 Carlos is a nice comic . He do a great job in describing some reality . Very interesting !
 it 's not funny that Mencia 's humor is so funny because the topics are descriptions of how the great melting pot still is n't all tht great . The language is for adults , not kids .
 this was an awesome stand-up comedy . I would HIHGLY recommend this all people . Definitely not for the close minded right wing society . Brutally realistic comedy . He is the combination of Eddie Murphy raw and of Richard Pryor at his best .
 Original and poignant looks on race relations , Micheal Jackson , Siegfried and Roy , and countless other topics are insulted , laughed at , and disgraced but all in good fun ! Sure some of the jokes are 2003-ish but they are funny nontheless . If you like comedy , not a die-hard rebulican christian kkk idiot , then this is for you !
 I highly recommend this , Carlos Mencia is absolutely hilarious . And it 's also very interesting ; he might be blunt about it all , but he makes a good point with many issues .
 It is FUNNY ... VERY Funny !!!!! its just too bad he has to be so vulgar ... beyond the very often F Bombs he drops ... . he is a very funny man !
 This is the first Carlos Mencia I 've heard and I 'm hooked . Yes , there 's a lot of cussing and yes , there are a lot of racist remarks . Carlos does n't pick on any one group , he picks on everyone equally , and therein lies the secret . In our Politically Correct world , it 's refreshing to hear someone say what most of us are afraid to say . I would n't play this for my Mom , or for Kids , but for my friends , I definately recommend this one .
 This guy is fresh and picks on everyone !!!! Great if you want to laugh until your sides hurt . Not for thoes that are easily offended and Not for children -LRB- has some bad language . -RRB-
 This dvd had my laughing out loud but it is not as good as the first one I 've seen by him . I will continue to try to find that one . If you love Carlos though , this is definitely worth your money !
 The brand of stand-up Carlos Mencia uses is rather abrasive , but keep in mind that everyone and everything is subject to a hard reality thump in his common sense world view . If you ca n't take the obvious from Carlos , you 're simply offended . Such black and white humor is -LRB- refreshingly -RRB- harsh ; nevertheless , you 'll thank Carlos for ripping out your funny bone and breaking in half while talking smack about `` stupid '' people .
 Carlos Mencia often speaks about things that I 've thought in the back of my mind but did n't dare to say aloud . I first heard him once morning on my way to my college classes on the local alternative station as he was appearing at one of our comedy clubs . I was totally drawn in to his routine and the similarity between his viewpoints and mine . Carlos is very `` liberal '' minded and criticizes close-minded people . He makes fun of all races , religions , etc - but not in a hurtful way . He does n't treat one race different from another and encourages people to be open minded and understanding of other people and thus is n't racist as some of his critics claim . He criticizes the way America is being divided based upon people 's gender , race , etc and encourages people to relate to other groups.Examples of his routine are
 I had never heard of Carlos Mencia before , but he is one of the best American comedians going in today 's comedy scene . I laughed so hard I could n't believe it . I 'm 55 and this young guy just has some great material . I 've even purchased his CD version of the DVD . I 've defintely got my monies worth . I never get tired of his `` stuff '' . DEFINATELY ADULT MATERIAL , HOWEVER !
 My daughter turned me on to Carlos ! It was so funny because she kept saying , `` Now Mom , his language is really bad ... and he picks on EVERYONE ! '' She was n't kidding , his language is bad ... and he DOES pick on everyone , but in the same breath , you will pee your pants from laughing so hard !!! He totally lays everything out there on the line , makes you think , and makes you laugh ! I went on-line the very next day and bought this CD -LRB- the one we watched -RRB- and bought No Strings Attached too ! You wo n't be sorry with this one ! I got a good deal buying this on Amazon , but would have paid more if I had to !
 Contrary to the countless Chapelle fans who seem to want to bash Carlos Mencia , I happen to think the guy is brilliant . I 've seen `` Not For the Easily Offended '' twice , and I 'm going to buy it . I do n't buy many DVDs if they can be rented , but this is too good not to have at hand whenever I want it.I pick you , Carlos !
 If you 're not soft-skinned and can laugh at yourself and others , Carlos Mencia is one of the funniest -LRB- and truthful -RRB- comics out there . I rate him & his material better than Dave Chapelle . You 're in for a good laugh .
 The DVD title tells it like it is , and so does Carlos . Nobody and no subject is off limits ; if lack of common sense is displayed , Carlos is there to point it out quite bluntly.But I guess the dork who posted the `` user image '' of the broken DVD is one of those easily offended . I ca n't figure out if that is a tantrum or he 's just not capable of taking care of a disc . Either way I 'm thinking , `` dee-dee-dee '' . Anyway , if you 're tired of the stupidity that seems to be running rampant with the human race these days , listen to Carlos . He may not be able to fix things , but he 'll sure have you laughing about them !
 THIS IS THE FASTEST AND BEST SERVICE I HAVE EVER HAD IN ORDERING ANYTHING . I AM STUNNED . 10 STARS
 I 'm glad that a comic has come out of the closet and still managed to find commercial success . As a gay man who is hoping for some sort of showbiz career in the future , it is inspiring to see an openly homosexual comic like Carlos Mencia doing the daring performances he does . I was hoping for more hot man-on-man action on this uncensored DVD , but alas , one can not have it all . But in any case , it is hilarious and you should buy it , if not for the great comedy than to support equal opportunity for gays in comedy .
 My family has a military fund raising each year and comedy videos are always on the list because war is extremely depressing and we do our part to put a smile on our soldiers faces . I received an email from the soldiers in Afghanistan saying they could not laugh enough . This was a great video and I have to say thank you for having it at a really good price .
 Have all Carlos 's videos , watched his Mind of Mencia shows and saw him in person at the Soaring Eagle Casino in Mt Pleasant , Michigan . He used to make me a bit uncomfortable because I hate prejudice but I realize now that Carlos is a comedian and he 's saying those things with one objective , nothing else ... to make us all laugh ! And he does that very well !! I love it when Carlos makes himself laugh ... he gets the cutest face !!
 I do n't generally watch a comedy more than once ... This is Carlos Mencia at his best . I have watched this 4 times over last several months . Definitely worth buying !
 It 's Carlos Mencia , what else can you say ? It 's hilarious , and even moreso since it 's uncencored . Worth the money !
 Wow what a laugh we had watching the dvd . Anyways I recived my dvd in like with in a week insted of when they said its going to be like 2 + weeks . Thanks
 I have to admit that at first I did not know what to expect from this comedian , but as it turns out it was a very pleasant surprise!Carlos Mencia does a good job of providing satire in regards to the various aspects of American society ranging from Michael Jackson , the accident involving the tigers in Las Vegas and ADD , to the racial/ethnic make-up of the USA and events following 9/11 . In regards to all these topics , there is a lot of truth in what Carlos Mencia says.In a nutshell , though not a masterpiece , like Eddie Murphy 's Delirious and Raw , it will still provide for an evening 's entertainment , though you might want to stop short of buying it .
 this video was so funny from start to finish . I saw him at a comedy club in 9/06 and the video was almost as good as seeing him in person . He is the funniest person to watch in person or on video .
 Talk about an equal opportunity offender ! I could n't stop laughing the whole time ! Definitely a must see for those not easily offended .
 Carlos Mencia 's `` Not for the Easily offended , '' is probably one of the funniest stand up 's I have ever seen . He brings up some issues that cause alot of conflict in today 's society . Some of his points are very true . Overall you will be entertained and you will laugh . Expect to see alittle too much of the retarded kid act though , which I found was his only drawback .
 Who needs that Richard Pryor clown ? He was n't funny . Carlos Mencia is the real deal , bro ! He can make me laugh for days . That Pryor guy was boring and overrated .
 Carlos is probably the most witty Latino comic to come on the scene in quite some time . He is not afraid to tell it like it is and is always brutally honest . His use of language is definately not for the faint at heart . I enjoy the fact that he can poke fun about anyone and everyone . To be able to cut jokes about your own race as well as everyone else is such a great thing . As he says at the start of the show , `` You 'll probably like most of the jokes you hear , but there will be that one joke where everyone else is laughing and you are like F**k You ! '' Priceless . Not to mention he 's right . He 's not afraid to make jokes about `` taboo '' issues , and for that , Carlos I salute you!Should appeal to fans of Richard Pryor / George Carlin / Dennis Leary etc. .
 anyone who doesnt get a kick out of this guy , is way too conservative . carlos doesnt try to be edgy , he tells people what he believes . hes one of the best comedians ive heard in a long time . seriously impressed , and new fan . if your not too conservative , give it a shot , and be ready to laugh
 one of the funniest stand-up comics I have seen was laughing so hard missed half the jokes ... have watched it several times and still laughed hard
 Firtly , let me say that I have watched the show on DVD previously and thought it was excellent . Carlos Mencia 's `` no hold barred '' approach to stand up and everyday observations make him one of the most entertaining stand up comedians today . Nothing is off limits , the clue is in the title NOT FOR THE EASILY OFFENDED ! And I like this no nonsense `` tell it like it is '' material . While other comedians are more careful about there material , for fear of offending anybody , Mencia literally does n't care if anybody gets offended - he tells it like it is and this is what I love about him.I ordered 3 of these dvds , one for me and 2 for friends who asked me to also order them a copy each . Unfortuantely NONE of the 3 dvds worked , even although we all have multi region dvd players and ntsc compatable tvs . When you play the dvd , we just got a black screen . No picture . No sound . Just a black screen after the original FBI warning . This was very frustrating , as I 've ordered so many region 1 dvds in the past without any problems . I will be returning the DVDs shortly and I do expect a full refund . Maybe it was just a batch of them which do n't play properly and I would be very interested to hear if any other buyers have had this playback problem with their DVDs ?
 One can not overlook the rumors of plagarism , and I do n't know too much about that except that jokes are circulated frequently . Since this is my first look at the comic , I can only focus on the act . Although the show had very funny moments , he is not my favorite , but the audience was having a great time . The connection was here!Offensive ? Yes , but one can still laugh heartily at Mencia 's show . It is about his presence , the pace , delivery , and content of material . He provides nonstop material with no let-ups ; his audience finds him riotious ; he commands the stage , and , he pleases his audience with his extremely physical body and facial movements.He admits offense and gives respect to the retarded -LRB- those born that way -RRB- . Mencia 's favorite offense is to the stupid people in the world , and it is those he refers to as retarded.The humor is offensive , but not enough to make one cringe and the language is constant F word with various Mexican unfavorable words.Mencia has said his observation is with his frustration with humanity . He covers school , attention deficit , immigrants , race , etc. . The accents are done well , convincingly . On this DVD , you will also find Mencia 's radio promos and behind the scenes.If you enjoy this humor and can get past the language , you will be delighted to hear see and hear the rants of Mencia . ... Rizzo
 Alot of people are saying `` do n't watch this if you are to conservative '' . Come on , do n't watch it if you are to liberal !!!!! The guy tells it like it is !!
 it was so funny . its nice to see someone who 's not afraid to say what 's on their mind ... hilariously funny
 The title sums it up ... it 's not for the easily offended . But , it 's funny ! No one is left out ... he talks about everyone on an equal basis and he says what most of us only think about . If you like his tv show - The Mind of Mencia , you 'll love this too !
 If you can handle some serious roasting this will make you cry ! No ONE is safe and after it is over , you feel a little more aware of the things that bind us together .
 item was priced well , shipped fast in extremely save and protected manor , When the time arises again if I need something else from this shipper I will go back to them .
 Back when this film was made , the majority of Americans still lived in the rural areas and still practiced traditional values . They found humor in everyday life and the comedians did not have to resort to jokes about body functions , sex and sexual preferences . They were true comedians . Life was filled with hard work and often tragedy . Couples saw marriage , not seeing how quickly into the relationship they could have sex , as the fullest expression of their relationship and love.It is in this kind of world that Lum and Abner operated . This film and all of the movies in this series is great . Too bad Going to Town is not on DVD . A great movie with a great cast .
 Of the two versions I saw , I preferred the German version with English subtitles . Garbo 's performance as well as that of the supporting cast was more inspired . I will keep looking for that version before I buy !
 The once highly esteemed script-writer , Frances Marion , faithfully followed the text of the famous Eugene O'Neil play which starred Blanche Sweet on Broadway in the early twenties . Bette Davis , who was a devout `` Garbomaniac '' -LRB- as Garbo fans were called in the thirties -RRB- , once stated about Garbo 's acting
 ANNA CHRISTIE is a wonderful film , beacause its stylistic clumsiness does n't make in any less touching than it is . Garbo 's performance is simultanousley ridiculous and terrific , her Anna being lost in the world a little bit less than Greta is lost in the English pronountiation . She swifts perfectly between radiant expressions of hope and innocence , and the sad knowledge of being ` doomed ' by her past.The shortest possible synopsis would be this
 This film is the great Eugene O'Neil in all his dark glory . Moody , dark , slow-paced , and bearing his intense psychology , it is not a film for all audiences or tastes . In addition to the great Garbo , is a magnificent perfomance by the silent film legend Marie Dressler . Before her death , she would make 3 classics with Wallace Beery , one of which was FDR 's favorite film of all time
 If it does n't match the quality of ` Queen Christina ' -LRB- my favorite Gabo movie -RRB- it does bring an eerie , melancholic , and oniric feeling to the viewer . It must be the excellent script based on Eugene O'Neill 's play . It feels like watching a play too , even though there are so many exterior shots , all that fog and the small oppressive rooms contribute to the claustrophobia.The characters , all of them , are superb . Garbo is just great . But it is a curious thing to flip the disc and view the German version , just to see -LRB- and judge -RRB- the difference . Completely different in tone . She looks more natural in the German - as if not acting at all - , and more histrionic in the US version.For history aficionados it is also a little gem to enjoy , since you can see here immigrants from different parts of Europe meeting and contrasting each their own idiosyncrasies.Whether you watch it as a documentary , a play , or a classic film it is a really enjoyable experience .
 Garbo seems to float onto the screen like a genie let out of a corked bottle , she moves like liquid mercury , slumping at the bar and barking at the aggrieved bartender , `` Gimmie a Visky -- chinger ale on the side -- and do n't be stingy , baby . '' It 's as though the director , Clarence Brown , wanted as soon as possible to get it out of the way -- Garbo 's first words heard on film -- to jump right into the heart of the picture . Her performance is all jitters and sighs , restless , despite the heavy alcholic haze that lingers over the film like a miasma , despite the apparently refreshing boat scenes , which really look as though they were filmed out in the ocean . If anyone could steal this movie away from Greta Garbo , it would be Marie Dressler , who has a small part -- astonishly small , considering her stature at the time of one of MGM 's biggest box office draws . If Garbo was MGN 's prestige star , Dressler was the one the people loved and they 'd flock to see her in anything . A strange kettle of fish when a fifty-something former hasbeen becomes the world 's greatest star . It would be an unlikely occurrence if this was to happen again in today 's Hollywood , although I suppose there was a moment , in 1986 or so , when Bette Midler was the biggest sensation in the movies and she is said to have saved Disney Studios with a string of box office hits . From DOWN AND OUT IN BEVERLY HILLS through BEACHES she approached Marie Dressler 's total box office domination ...
 ... Hollywoods mystery women passes the talk test . Both the English and German versions were dark and of poor quality with the German version being Garbo 's favorite . Garbo was a huge star in Europe and the Foreign market always assured that her films would be moneymakers ... I liked the German version because I just could n't buy Charles Bickford as a romantic lead although the English version did reintroduce Marie Dressler to American audiences and gave her a second career ... Either video is worth the price just to watch the magical Garbo in action .
 The English version of O'Neills moody `` Anna Christie '' , with the greatGreta Garbo , is simply wonderful ! I 's short , almost like a one-act play , but packed with the great stuff those great old films were known for.Garbo is the lynch-pin here , to be sure , but the supporting cast , MarieDressler , a Garbo veteran team-mate , Charles Bickford as Garbo 's would-beinamorata , and George Marion , as her father , all support her magnificently , in a real ensemble performance ! They do n't make 'em like THIS any more!Bryan Sheedy
 Anna Christie is an excellent early `` talkie '' film . The film stars Greta Garbo in her first speaking role on film ; and we get great performances from Charles Bickford , George F. Marion and Marie Dressler . The plot moves along at a good pace and I never felt bored ; indeed , it was tough for me to take my eyes off Garbo ! She gives a stunning performance . The choreography worked well although the cinematography was somewhat limited by the technology of the day.When the action starts , we meet Chris Christofferson -LRB- George F. Marion -RRB- and his friend Marthy Owens -LRB- Marie Dressler -RRB- who pal around and get drunk quite a lot at the local bar near the harbor where Chris works on a barge . It 's been fifteen years since Chris sent his daughter Anna to the Midwest so that she `` could be safe inland ; '' and they have had very limited contact since that time . Chris has n't exactly tried to live up to being a good father ; he never once in fifteen years traveled west to see his daughter.One day Chris and Marthy are at the local bar when Chris gets a letter from Anna that says she 's coming home . He and Marthy wonder what she 'll be like ; and it is n't long before Anna -LRB- Garbo -RRB- makes her grand entrance when the bartender opens the ladies door entrance to the pub . Anna and Marthy strike up conversation and when Anna 's father Chris soon comes he is happy to see Anna . He wants Anna to try to live with him on his barge although Anna has her doubts . In addition , Anna says she 's been ill but she does n't reveal too many details of her illness.For a while Anna and her father Chris travel on the barge ; and after a very bad storm they rescue some sailors -- including Matt Burke -LRB- Charles Bickford -RRB- . Matt almost instantly falls in love with Anna ; and she feels the same way about him . However , even after a some time and an especially magical day at New York 's Coney Island amusement park , Anna is reluctant to marry Matt -- and this causes a great deal of tension . The tension mounts even higher when Anna 's father Chris wants her to remain with him.One powerful scene comes when Anna 's father has her by one arm and Matt Burke has her by the other arm ; they are both trying to pull Anna in their direction as if she were property ! This leads Anna to reveal to them the truth about what she 's really been doing for the last few years to make ends meet as well as what she `` truly '' had to do to earn her keep at her relative 's home in the Midwest.What will Anna 's father Chris and Matt Burke say when they realize what Anna has been doing ? Will they still love Anna or will they both want to be rid of her ? What about Marthy -- how does she figure into all of this ? Will Anna marry Matt after some type of reconciliation ? No plot spoilers here , folks -- watch and find out!Anna Christie remains one of the best early talkie films ; and it 's one of the most well known films Greta Garbo ever made . I highly recommend this film for fans of the actors in this movie ; and classic movie buffs will want to have this in their collections , too .
 The film is an excellent rendition of a fine Eugene O'Neill play made into a movie . Garbo is superb . Of note , the `` package '' is two films , one in German , one in English . This is a must see for Eugene O'Neill fans as well as film buffs .
 garbo in her first talkie is marvelous in this adaptation of eugene o'neills pulitzer winning play , as a whore trying to reform . marie dressler is brilliant in a supporting performance as a washed-out drunk , and everyone else is letter-perfect . now the caveat
 Eugene O'Neill 's play was here adapted to the silver screen , and to Garbo . The plot is dated , and this being 1930 the sound 's quality is not entirely mastered . But there are the characters , the actors , the gloom and doom of early Depression . And , of course , this also very much Garbo 's film . Unlike many past -LRB- and following -RRB- roles she 's no femme fatale here . Anna 's character is the strongest in the film , not so much dominating the males -LRB- boyfriend , father -RRB- but being manlier more mature and more independent than either will ever be . She might survive without them . It 's doubtful if they could have achieved the same.And that 's pretty much where Garbo stands in relation to this film . She 's the one that breathes life into it , and whenever she 's off camera only Marie Dressler 's drunken-lucid banter keep the interest . Still , undoubtedly a classic . Minus Garbo this would be a 3 stars ...
 Although it is overshadowed by the artistry of Eugene O'Neil 's later works , ANNA CHRISTIE has remained a favorite on the world scene since its 1921 stage debut . It has received no fewer than three major Broadway revivals and has been filmed in various languages no less than eight times , and when regional , university , and community theatres do an O'Neil drama they often select this one over O'Neil 's considerably more ambitious -- and difficult -- works.The film version that is best recalled is the 1930 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer production starring Greta Garbo . MGM feared that audiences would reject Garbo for her Swedish accent , and ANNA CHRISTIE was very specifically selected for her talkie debut because the character was Swedish and would naturally have a Swedish accent . Ironically , by the time the film was made Garbo was so fluent in English that her Swedish accent was a little too soft for the part , and she actually had to ramp it up to be convincing in the role . Publicized with the tag line `` GARBO TALKS ! '' the film was a great success , and Garbo would continue as a great star for another decade.The play was and is a gritty melodrama , and although MGM romanticized the characters and added more than a little gloss , the story remained very close to the original stage success . Anna -LRB- Garbo -RRB- has been raised by her mother 's family on a farm while her father Chris -LRB- George F. Marion , reprising his Broadway performance -RRB- worked as a sailor . He has grown old on the New York waterfront , the captian of a coal barge who lives with a decayed but genial prostitute named Marthy -LRB- Marie Dressler . -RRB- When he receives word that his now-adult daughter is on her way to New York , he asks Marthy to leave , lest she prove a bad influence on the girl . When Marthy meets Anna she recognizes that Anna is a prostitute , but she says nothing , and Anna goes to live with her father on the coal barge , where exposure to wind and water gradually make her feel clean . She eventually meets and falls in love with a sailor , Matt -LRB- Charles Bickford -RRB- -- but she realizes that she can not live the lie and in burst of anger and guilt tells both her father and Matt about her past . It was pretty hot stuff at the time , and within a few years censorship would make it impossible to re-release the film.The MGM production was actually filmed in three different versions . The best known is the English-language talkie , but many theatres were still without sound technology in 1930 , and this version was also released in a silent version -- a fact which may account for Garbo 's excessive use of silent-movie mannerisms throughout the film . At the same time , however , MGM released a German-language version in Europe , again starring Garbo but with a different supporting cast ; the studio never considered a silent cut of this version ; Garbo 's performance is more subtle and the film has a harsher , less romanticized tone . Garbo is said to have preferred the German-language version of the film , and in some ways it is indeed superior to the English version.The German version was not a shot-for-shot copy of the English version , but both films shared a common trait . There is a notion that the camera was fixed in place for early talking films , and that this resulted in movies with an extremely static quality . That is not really true , but it is true that sound was still a difficult technology in 1930 , and very few directors cared to further complicate their shooting schedules with difficult camera work . ANNA CHRISTIE is indicative of this fact , and although the camera angle changes frequently , these changes are done as straight cuts . The camera itself does not move ; there are no tracking shots , no dolly shots , no overhead boom shots , no zoom shots of any kind . This absence of what you might call camera vocabulary does become a little wearing toward the end of the film -- be it English or German.The DVD release offers the English version on one side of the DVD and the German version on the other . Neither have been significantly restored , but both are in good condition and fans will find the comparison fascinating . The German version does not include the opening scene between Chris and Marthy , and it uses several shots from the English version , with the German actors dubbing in the voices and the film darkened in order to prevent German audiences from noticing the change in actors . Although both versions have a certain visual clunkiness , the simple power of O'Neil 's story remains , and Garbo faces the dreaded microphone with considerable aplomb , while Marie Dressler walks off with her every scene in the English version . Recommended -- but it will probably be best enjoyed by fans of the playwright , the actors , or early `` pre-code '' talkies.GFT , Amazon Reviewer
 I just read that this DVD will also include the German version of Anna Christie which Greta Garbo is said to have preferred . Keep your eyes peeled and lets hope so ! Apparently this European version went farther with what line of work Anna was using to get by . You can tell it by the costumes as well . Filmed with a different cast on the same set!They never seem to show this German version at any Greta Garbo festival -LRB- in America anyway -RRB- - I 've never been able to see it , but looks like it will be seen quite easily on DVD ! Yeay !
 ... in staging Eugene O'Neil 's 1920 drama `` Anna Christie '' is that it 's a corny , dated melodrama . On the other hand , it 's one of the best corny , dated melodramas in the repertoire . The language is undercooked . The central character Anna -- not Magdalena but close , a ruined woman of virtue -- is no longer plausible to psychologically sophisticated audiences . The drunken Swede , her father , with his vaudeville accent , and the roister-boister Irish sailor , her lover , with his brogue , are by now such overdrawn stereotypes that a modern viewer/reader will need to chuckle indulgently at the naivete of the American theater just ninety years ago . And then -- shades of Hell for a director in 2011 ! -- the play has a happy ending!Any temptation to update the drama and pop the corn has to be resisted . `` Anna Christie '' is a period piece -- far more so than a Shakespeare comedy -- utterly time - and culture-bound . It 's a porthole through which to view the mentality of America in its pre-modern rusticity . It needs to be corny because America in 1920 was all corn . It wants to be a melodrama because only melodrama seemed real to Americans then ... and I 'm not sure much has changed in the worldview of Americans since . In short , dear director/producer , do n't fight it ! Play it as it is.Perhaps that 's why the 1930 adaptation of `` Anna Christie '' as a film was so paradigmatically perfect . It starred two veteran vaudeville exaggerators , George Marion as the sodden sailor father and Marie Dressler as his tramp trollop , along with Greta Garbo in her ` talkie ' debut . Not only did Garbo come naturally to her Swedish accent but her human instincts were pure melodrama . The ` Magdalena ' role of Anna Christie suited her perfectly because , I think , she `` believed '' in the archetype . Film-making in 1930 , like the stage in 1920 , was less than a generation past vaudeville , just emerging from the bombast and bathos of 19th Century theatrics . The script , the dramaturgy , the cinematography , and the acting styles are ` all of a piece . ' Once again , dear viewer , do n't fight it ! Take it as it is!This is one of the great films of its era . One of the few , aside from the comedies of Chaplin and Keaton , that stand the test of time artistically . Thus I 'm surprised to note how many ` luke warm ' four-star reviews `` Anna Christie '' has attracted . Most reviewers , it seems to me , have been unable to ` take it as it was ' , to surrender their era-bound sophistication to the adolescent purity of O'Neil 's melodrama . Eugene O'Neil was undeniably America 's first ` great ' playwright . That his plays were raw and clumsy should be no surprise ; his America was raw and clumsy . Some would say it still is .
 The first film talked about Greta Garbo . At first wanted to see this film in history -LRB- a prostitute marked for life , as in Susan Lenox -RRB- , but I was impressed by the simple and beautiful it can be , by the images and script , in addition to knowing that the German version is a favorite Garbo that makes me even more respect . The German version is really beautiful , from the costumes , makeup until more decadent -LRB- dark circles and pallor on the face -RRB- , making it more charming image of Garbo . I am delighted with this acquisition , as well as that of caratulas dvd of this collection is magnificent as it retains the style of old posters as artistic by the way they were made . The DVD is read by the two layers , but the German version only comes with English subtitles . I adore Greta Garbo.Spanish : El primer film hablado de Greta Garbo . Al principio queria ver esta pelicula por la historia -LRB- una prostituta marcada por la vida , como en Susan Lenox -RRB- , pero me ha impresionado lo sencilla y bonita que puede llegar a ser , por las imagenes y el gui&oacute;n , adem&aacute;s que el hecho de saber que la versi&oacute;n alemana es la favorita de Garbo eso me hace respetarla a&uacute;n m&aacute;s . La versi&oacute;n Alemana es realmente bella , desde el vestuario , hasta el maquillaje mas decadente -LRB- ojeras y palidez en el rostro -RRB- , lo que hace mas encantadora la imagen de la Garbo . Estoy encantado con esta compra , adem&aacute;s de que las caratulas de los dvd de esta colecci&oacute;n es magnifica ya que conserva el estilo de los afiches antiguos tan art&iacute;sticos por la forma en que fueron hechos . El DVD se lee por las dos capas , pero en la versi&oacute;n alemana , solo viene con subtitulos en ingl&eacute;s . Adoro a Greta garbo .
 This remarkably moving film was Greta 's talkie debut . It holds up not only as her finest screen performance but as the best film production of a Eugene O'Neill play . The supporting cast is superb , the magnificent Marie Dressler , in particular , delivering a performance for the ages . Director Clarence Brown succeeds in creating a mood of melancholy and muted hope that , along with the fine writing and brilliant acting , makes it one of the classics of American Film making . And yet , through the years , the reputation of this movie has faded because of an odd assembly of inaccurate impressions . Four trends in particular have combined to unfairly diminish the appreciation of this wonderful film . 1 . The decline of Eugene O'Neill 's reputation . Anna Christie won the Pulizer Prize in 1922 . O'Neill was considered to be to playwriting what Hemingway and Faulkner would later become to novels , the American who could stand comparison with Europe 's finest . His fall from that position has been precipitous . Today it 's common place to hear people comment on how dated his plays are and , more devastatingly , how boring . I 'm not going to argue the point on O'Neill generally , but as far as Anna Christie itself goes , I find it involving , meaningful and universal . So if you have n't seen the movie before , leave any O'Neill preconception behind and you 'll find that Brown , O'Neill and Garbo can slice your soul in this powerful production . 2 . Greta did n't like the movie . According to Mark A. Vieira in his brilliant Greta Garbo
 I have been able to see a number of Greta Garbo movies lately and I am impressed with the quality of films she chose to appear in . I have also been moderately impressed with her acting ability . As I sat back to watch `` Anna Christie '' , I was amazed at the content of the movie . Was this REALLY made in 1930 ? I had remembered seeing that one of her movies was based on a Eugene O'Neill play and realized that this had to be the one . This is a story of a small collection of life 's misfits who try to take a chance at moving up the ladder only to discover they are where they belong . It 's a depressing idea and the movie conveys thet depression . Garbo is good but , if anything , she 's deminished by the quality of the rest of the cast . I was most impressed with George F. Marion who played her father . I never heard of this guy but he was outstanding in his role . Charles Bickford continues to show me that he was a sort of Marlon Brando of his day . Finally , Marie Dressler is quite impressive as the father 's live-in girlfriend who moves out when he hears his daughter is coming for a visit . As in other Eugene O'Neill plays I 've seen , the core of the presentation is the dialogue . This is definitely NOT a Frank Capra movie but it IS an impressive rendition of the essence of O'Neill .
 on Art Bell 's Coast to Coast a.m. as I am sure a lot of you reading this have too . Just last week I came upon his book Tranceformers , Shamans of the 21 ` st Century and saw that it was # 1 on Amazon.com 's book list over Deepak Chopra . Big congratulations are in order of course , but more importantly this is the ultimate verification of what I have known for a long time
 This DVD covers the shifts -LRB- among many other things -RRB- taking place in our time ... I am still an avid researcher of the happenings in 2012 . So many people , the VAST majority of people , have breathed a big sigh of relief now that the year 2012 has passed , but I feel that it is a false sense of security . I know I 'm not the only one that can still feel things shifting , moving ... CHANGING . 2012 is not over , it was just the beginning , & knowledge must be sought after & not disregarded .
 But this is n't one of them . Harper enlightens and unravels the 2012 enigma like no other . Great narration and direction , great script , wonderful music , a joy to behold in these times of wonder .
 For seekers of knowledge , this DVD brings together a wide variety of subjects both spiritual and scientific into an artistically and emotionally appealing presentation . The depth and breadth of subject matter as well as the quality of the style of presentation , should place this DVD on PBS and Discover Channel and on academic bookshelves.Nadya S. Neal Hinson , Ph.D.Science of Soul
 I suggest taking the time to see through what some have called a poorly produced movie and watch for the content . Although the graphics were not traditional , I really liked the opening song and sequence . Many have commented on the value of the information , so that being said , I really liked the production . I feel so relaxed 15 minutes into the movie ; it was so calming . I really recommend giving this one a chance . Good information , good music and worth your time .
 After watching the movie KNOWING and this DVD repeatedly now , it dawned upon me suddenly one day what a genius-level script as well as the music and graphics synchronized my mind 's eye with my chakras . I mean this is a masterpiece and it is such a subtle DNA-activating and tranceforming technique , an incredibly unique novel way to invoke genetic change within the cells of the pineal-pituitary network . No wonder viewers feel that it is not what they expected
 Reality Press is a premier publisher of informative books and producer of library quality DVDs in the field of New Age and Metaphysical Studies . `` Science Of Soul
 After I read Tranceformers
 First , I appreciate every customer that takes a moment to write a review
 This film shows us the true history of the serpent , the Shaman , and Jesus Christ . All three of these knew how to use our electromagnetic , solar , body , mind and spirit ability . And that is why they could do amazing things like heal sick people and communicate with spirits . I give this film 5 stars .
 When a great actor performs , his performance may be so convincing that the audience may not recognize him . So it is with Anthony Hopkins and his character Kostya . His face is in front of you , but it 's a few minutes before you realize it is Anthony Hopkins . For this performance alone you should watch the film . But , there 's more ... Goldie Hawn plays a serious character . Her eastern European accent is done well and her acting is impressive.The story begins with Joe -LRB- Hal Holbrook -RRB- , a middle-aged journalist , who has won some literary awards and is currently working in Moscow for an American newspaper . His much missed ex-wife has recently died and there are a few things of hers in his apartment so he decides to sell them . He asks Kostya , a local friend and informal broker , to help sell her possessions . At this rummage sale is where our story gets moving.Oktyabrina -LRB- Goldie -RRB- is a young Russian woman who is in Moscow without papers . She is mysterious . She holds her friends at a distance while she flits around with her own mostly unknown agenda . Joe is immediately entranced . He finds out that a kindly Russian official -LRB- Gregoire Aslan -RRB- is seeing her . Though Kostya is `` spoken for '' , he helps Oktyabrina from time to time . It ends sadly in a somewhat abrupt way but , it is well worth watching.note
 It is a simply and tragic love story between girl from communist Russia -LRB- Goldie Hawn -RRB- and American Journalist -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- . It does not mater where we are living we have this same needs and dreams . Sometimes the only way to fulfill the dreams is to have big imagination and enjoy every spark of color in the gray reality . Great movie for everyone who feels tired of watching latest shallow Hollywood productions .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN :6303686826 Dollars -LSB- VHS -RSB- Coming as the ditzy blonde from LAUGH-IN , Goldie Hawn is taken to be a comic , but her dramatic range spans the gamut from boffo in FOUL PLAY to dark drama in DECEIVED . As THE GIRL FROM PETROVKA , Goldie plays a tragic Russian girl who seeks some of the American things of life in postwar Moscow . Lacking the papers needed for a job and lodgings , she is supported by friends and a kindly apparachnik , through whom she meets Joe , an American news correspondent who falls in love with pretty young dreamer.Shot in Vienna , the film portrays a sympathetic group of young Russians struggling to find the necessities , a few little luxuries , and some meaning in the austere life of the Worker 's Paradise -- especially some heat and hot water in winter . The story climaxes with Goldie 's aiding a young man to escape to the West . Her misadventure takes her away from Moscow and the American who never forgets the free-spirit from Petrovka.The young Goldie is hardly recognizable in overworn dress and Petrouchka make-up . Her performance is adequate but she is not the Slav that Meryl Streep became in SOPHIE 's CHOICE . The balletic beauty of her brief shot walking over rooftops is memorable.The movie is not a plotted story so much as vignettes of Moscow 's working class after that terrible war -- as Americans thought it was.TP
 Roshan Seth really shines in this movie . Just his performance is worth 5 stars . The storyline is good , though familiar . There are places in the movie that are completely fillers -LRB- like Sayeed Jaffrey 's wife smoking , or Roshan Seth 's son deciding one fine day he wants to go back to India and turn spiritual -RRB- and some incidents that seem to be created out of thin air to move the story forward , but overall they are fairly limited and the story keeps the audience engaged . Sayeed Jaffrey is as usual charming and brings the light side to an otherwise serious story . A good movie overall .
 Great cultural film . There is value in all . The fact that we are looking at the world from different sides does not make the other less intelligent . I enjoyed every moment .
 This was Bette Davis 's first film after being suspended by Warner Brothers whereafter she fled to England , There was a sensational London trial . Davis was ordered by the judge to honor her contract and she returned to Los Angeles . Warner Brothers actually paid her legal fees and gave her the prime role of a nightclub B-girl -LRB- in those days they had to call them `` hostesses '' -RRB- in this film based on New York 's Lucky Luciano and his gang . Perhaps she was glad to get back to work as well , for , although a bit too overdone to my taste , she does give a firecracker of a performance . Ms. Davis in this film , or any other for that matter , is never dull.Her sister , played by Jane Bryan -LRB- she was still a teenager and this was her second film
 For a slice of pure classic Bette Davis , it has to be MARKED WOMAN -LRB- loosely-based on the real-life mobster Lucky Luciano 's trial -RRB- . This 1937 gangster movie from Warner Brothers stars Davis in one of her meatiest roles of the period , and also features Lola Lane and Isabel Jewell in strong support.Bette Davis plays Mary Dwight . Dwight makes her living by working as a high-class hostess at a `` clip joint '' run by mobster Johnny Vanning -LRB- Eduardo Cianelli -RRB- . When Mary 's innocent kid sister Betty -LRB- Jane Bryan -RRB- gets caught up in the shady dealings of Vanning and later turns up murdered , Mary decides to expose Vanning -- putting the lives of herself and her girlfriends in extreme jeopardy . Mary 's actions naturally do n't go unpunished by Vanning 's henchmen , nevertheless brave Mary soldiers on and finally claims justice for her sister 's life.MARKED WOMAN gave Bette Davis one of her meatier acting assignments during a period when her relationship with Warner Brothers was strained . She had attempted a trip to England in search of better movie roles when studio head Jack Warner sued her for breach of contract . Davis lost the case and returned to Warner Brothers expecting the worst , but was pleasantly surprised when the script of MARKED WOMAN landed in her lap.The movie features one of Davis ' most brilliant performances ; she 's a sensation playing the brave Mary . Co-starring as two of Mary 's fellow hostesses are reliable contract players Isabel Jewell -LRB- `` Lost Horizon '' -RRB- and Lola Lane -LRB- `` Miss V. from Moscow '' -RRB- . Humphrey Bogart plays the attorney who assists Mary during the trial ; they of course had previously co-starred in `` The Petrified Forest '' . MARKED WOMAN is a gangster movie with a twist , focusing on the female victims of gangland violence , and naturally a must-see for fans of Bette Davis.The DVD includes a new Making-Of featurette `` Marked Woman
 Being a Bette Davis fan , I was surprised that I had overlooked this gem ! In it , you will find all the qualities and nuances of Bette 's acting style that bear her trademark moves -- such as her clipped phrases and wide-eyed blinking frenzies . The director did n't strip her of any of these traits that we have come to love and expect of Miss Davis.In this film , she plays a `` hostess '' in a gangster 's nightclub . The costumes that she and the rest of the female cast wear are amazing and are sure to delight fans of period 30 's outfits and flashy clothes.Bogart plays a role that is atypical for him in this movie , and pulls it off with ease . In fact , all the actors do a superb job , and though there are elements of camp to this film , it does a fine job of portraying the true-life overturning of Lucky Luciano 's gangland empire . See this film if you are a fan of Warner 's gangster period or craving Bette 's familiar set-chewing swagger .
 `` Marked Woman '' was the first film Bette Davis made when she returned to Warner Brothers after failing in court to break her contract in 1936 . While the film lacks the production values of her gilt edged post `` Jezebel '' star vehicles , it is actually much more entertaining than some of those later more expensively made films.Humphrey Bogart plays a lawyer defending a group of prostitutes who risk their lives to expose their boss pimp , a character based on the New York gangster Lucky Luciano . Eduardo Ciannelli gives a ferrocious performance as Luciano . Davis plays the leader of the girls and Jane Bryan plays Davis 's innocent sister Betty who is murdered . Davis vows revenge and leads the other girls to court to expose Cianelli.The girls are very convincing . Mayo Methot , Bogart 's then wife , plays the vulnerable `` hostess '' who is passed her prime . Lola Lane plays a very jaded character and Isabel Jewell , another fine supporting actress of the thirties -LRB- remember `` Lost Horizon '' -RRB- , plays the southern belle who leads Bryan into trouble . Davis leaps off the screen in every scene and in this milieu , her rangy intense performance fits perfectly . Bogart plays a very sympathetic character , demonstrating a much wider range than the norm at this time when he played so many gangsters . The film has a particularly memorable and somewhat downbeat ending as the girls walk into the mist , future uncertain.The DVD contains an excellent print and re-instates a few bits which were cut from the print which has been shown on TCM . There is a worthwhile short documentary on the film too which ably describes the source of the script and the clever skirting of censorship . Incidentally , the film was banned in 1937 in Commonwealth countries.Every frame of this terrific film packs a punch so do n't miss it . Highly recommended and a favourite .
 Bette Davis and Humphrey Bogart were good but both were guilty of overacting at times in the Lloyd Bacon directed gangster flick `` Marked Woman '' . The premier acting performance in the movie , however was turned , in by the accented Eduardo Ciannelli playing manipulative , ruthless but teflon coated racketeer Johnny Vanning.Davis playing Mary Dwight is a streetwise hostess working in a Vanning fronted cabaret/gambling clip joint . She and her roommates provide company for saps coming into the club separating them from their cash through fixed gambling and free flowing booze.When a customer who welched on his gambling debt turns up murdered , Davis who had been his escort becomes implicated and subsequently jailed . Assistant D.A. David Graham played by Humphrey Bogart pressures her into giving up Vanning but his slick lawyer helps get her released . She provides phony testimony and Vanning gets off.The calculating Davis and her roommates continue in their jobs but soon Davis ' kid sister and college girl Betty played by the virginal Jane Bryan arrives on the scene . She gets swept up into the whole cabaret scene and winds up getting killed at a party by the hands of Vanning . When Davis learns the truth she decides to cooperate with Bogart.Ciannelli and his henchmen pay Davis a visit , beating and scarring her face to assure that she keeps her lips buttoned . More determined than ever , she convinces her reluctant friends to help topple Vanning 's empire of crime.The movie was an above average gangster flick typical of the 1930 's silver screen which provided an excellent vehicle for the skills of Bette Davis .
 Bette Davis stars as a nightclub `` hostess '' who gets mixed up with brutal crime boss Eduardo Ciannelli , an association that leads to tragedy for Davis . She 's one of five women who work at a clip joint , their jobs being to get as much money out of the male customers as possible . Davis needs the money to help support her kid sister 's education . However , when her sister Jane Bryan also gets mixed up with Ciannelli , Davis finds herself doing battle with the mob , both in court and out . This is an unusually tough film and roll for Davis , and it 's one of her more interesting ones . She 's very good , getting a number of scenes to cut loose . Lola Lane and Isabel Jewell as two of her co-workers also give strong performances , as does Humphrey Bogart as the special prosecutor who fights for Davis . It 's unusual not to see Bogart as a heavy at this point in his career , and the change of pace displays his versatility . Lloyd Bacon tightly directs the film , leaving little room for sentimentality . The film has a hard edge that suits its theme very well . It 's well made and acted and fans of any of the stars will want to see it .
 In 1936 , Bette Davis fled to England in a vain attempt to break away from her Warners contract -LRB- she was disillusioned and angrily frustrated at the trashy scripts she had been offered after her victorious roles in `` Of Human Bondage '' `` Dangerous '' and `` Bordertown '' . Apparently the brothers Warner took her plea seriously and although she lost her court case , she was offered roles which were appropriately suitable her undeniable talent . Mary Dwight in MARKED WOMAN is such a role and she plays it sincerely with realistic make-up unusual in the period . It 's a startling frank depiction of racketeering in the big city . The casting is ingenious with Isabel Jewell , Mayo Methot -LRB- then Mrs. Bogart -RRB- and Lola Lane as the party girls and Jane Bryan is wholesome as Bette 's innocent little sister from whom she tries to hide her true lifestyle . The always excellent Cianelli is Johnny Vanning -LRB- when Davis says to him `` I 'll get you if I have to crawl out of my grave to do it ! , you believe her ! -RRB- Bogart 's unusual role is that of assistant DA David Graham .
 This is an amazing film that displays Davis at her best . Ripped from the headlines of the day , the gangsters against the show girls and DA Humphrey Bogart make for a terrific story . All the actresses have a great chemistry together and unlike some of Davis ' roles , there is no overacting here . I am a big fan of films of the thirties , and this is a terrific example of Warner Brothers at its finest . One you can watch again and again .
 Humphrey Bogart is on the right side of the law in this melodrama about an underworld kingpin -LRB- played by Eduardo Ciannelli -RRB- and his stable of clip-joint `` hostesses '' led by Bette Davis . When a gambler is bumped off by one of Ciannelli 's henchmen , DA Bogart looks like he 'll get Davis 's cooperation to indict Ciannelli , but on the witness stand she gets cold feet and Ciannelli goes free . Davis 's reputation in zero now , but after her sister is killed by another one of Ciannelli 's goons while making advances on her , Davis has a turn of heart . She threatens Ciannelli , is beaten up and has her face disfigured by his men , but from her hospital bed she nails him with the help of Bogart , and Ciannelli is sent up the river . Bette Davis is excellent as Mary Dwight in a very strong role . The script is compelling and Lloyd Bacon 's direction is tight and assured . Davis 's troubles with Warner Brothers -LRB- she had sued them to get out of her contract because of lousy roles -RRB- seemed to be over , and it looked as if the studio would meet her demand for better parts . At least they were n't going to retaliate and bury her .
 Based on the trial of New York gangaster ` Lucky Luciano `` Combining the star power of Bette Davis and Humphrey Bogart with the street smarts and bristling talents of some of Warner Bros. ' best contract playes of the 1930s . Marked Woman is a fastpaced racketeering melodrama and rousing entertainment.After mobster Johnny Vanning -LRB- Eduardo Ciannelli -RRB- takes over management of the nightclub where she works and turns it into an unsavory `` clip joint , '' a hard-boiled B-girl -LRB- Davis -RRB- determines to turn the tables on her new boss . But even with the encouragement of a crusading assistant district attorney -LRB- Bogart -RRB- , she finds she ca n't do it alone , and has to recruit her fellow `` hostesses '' -LRB- Rosalind Marquis , Lola Lane , Isabel Jewll and Mayo Methot -RRB- - all at peril to their lives.Reuniting Davis and Bogart after their triumph in the proceding year in The Petrified Forest . Marked Woman was another Warner film ripped from contemporary head-lines , as it was based on the trial of New York gangster Lucky Luciano , who was sent to prison on the evidence of prostitutes.This is a superb film a beautiful teaming of Davis and Boagie . Deffinate must for every Bette Davis collection .
 Wow . If the exact same script for `` Marked Woman '' was re-made today , I guarantee there 'd be a move to soften the things that happen to the Bette Davis character , her character 's little sister -LRB- played by Jane Bryan -RRB- , and maybe one or two other unlucky stiffs . This really is a hard-hitting gangster film , laced with frequent violence and tragedy . It 's really a take-no-prisoners movie . But , of course , it 's supposed to be , so one should n't complain that a movie for once delivered on its hype.This gritty little movie about the down and out taking on the corrupt and powerful is supported by a nicely-produced DVD that delivers crisp picture and sound and a handful of interesting extras . These latter include a short piece featuring several film historians discussing the movie 's origins and impact , and a couple of Warner Brothers cartoon shorts that might have been seen with `` Marked Woman '' when in first appeared in theaters . One of the cartoons is really cute
 The ladies in this movie are prostitutes or whores . I say that withoutmalice . The word `` slut '' was used once . There were n't any prostitutes in Hollywood especially heroines . When the `` suckers '' come to town , they want to drink , dance , talk & ... . In real life Bette Davis had just lost her lawsuit against WB . But the producer finally realized what an asset shewas . Better parts albeit at WB started coming her way . This was her best to date . She absolutely dominated this movie as Mary , a hostess at a nightclub owned by gangster , Johnny Vanning . He basically terrorizes her and the other ladies she works with . She is implicated in the murder of one of her johns & arrested by assist . DA David Graham played by Humphrey Bogart . Very good , but he is obviously a co-star in this one . Hearrests Mary & tries to help her out & testify against Johnny . She lies , gets off as does Johnny . But he knows that she knows what really happened . Mary 's kid sister Betty comes to visit on a holiday from college . She soon discovers how Mary is paying for her education . Betty decides to stay & slowly gets drawn in . She is killed in an accident at one of Johnny 's parties . One of the girls witnesses this & is kidnaped . Johnny threatens the ladies especially Mary & his goons disfigure her & beat her almost to death . Not quite . The ladies along with Mary finally find their courage to testify against Johnny & his gang . A stand-out performance by Bette Davis & highly recommended .
 Loved Marked Woman excellent movie.I was not able to view The Final Inquiry it started to play and stop at the very beginning of the movie , it froze and I was not able to see it very frustrating after having paid for it , this has happened to me more than onceI purchase a movie and it starts and then freezes . I would appreciate it if something could be done.Thank you Anita Grayson
 You know sometimes the distance between a femme fatale and just an ordinary working woman down on her uppers is very slight , very slight indeed . So , say Frank never showed up at that ocean front diner out in California to watch Cora come through that back of the house door to the dining area in The Postman Always Rings Twice and seal his fate -LRB- and hers -RRB- as they dashed through every kind of murderous impulse and savage passion . Femme Cora would probably still be serving them off the arm , still be listening to Nick 's grousing , and maybe growing old gracelessly down by the seashore , Or , say , Robert Mitchum had actually done what he was paid to do in Out Of The Past and turned the errant femme Jane Greer over to Kirk Douglas for retribution instead of dashing through every kind of murderous impulse and savage passion with her . Dear Jane might still be sunning herself and drinking high-shelf drinks in some cabana and rattling around some big old hacienda . Or , finally , what if Irish Blackie had just turned the other corner and not been almost knocked over by that horse-driven carriage carrying on Rita Hayworth in The Lady From Shang-hai instead of dashing through every kind of , what , oh yes , every kind of murderous impulse and savage passion with her . Maybe , just maybe , Rita would have grown old weaving baskets or watching sub-titled films while passing the time at some high-end opium den . See for the femmes it is always a close thing , a very close thing.So imagine how close that margin is when just an average girl , an average working class girl down on her uppers but loathe to spend her life in seven to three six day shift factories , just trying to do , well , do the best she can . That bit of social reality , that 1930s bit of social reality , is the theme behind the film under review , Warner Brothers ' Marked Woman -LRB- from the period when that studio was well-known for producing such socially significant drama -RRB- . See , if you were -LRB- are -RRB- a sugar daddy `` kept '' woman then you have your well-honed femme charms to see you through . But say you are some Mary -LRB- yes , Mary will do as a name just fine for this point -RRB- , not bad for looks , but just a little too world-wise , a little too jaded , just a little too smart , and just a little too un-femme to have the Mayfair swells lined up at your door . Then you either serve them off the arm , swab a mop , or tend some ungodly machine , unless of course you decide , as our film Mary did -LRB- played by Bette Davis , the girl with the , uh , Bette Davis eyes -RRB- to become a `` hostess '' at one of Johnny Vanning 's hot spot New York night clubs and `` clip '' the customers for drinks and dimes . And that was our Mary 's choice ; she decided that she would see that career path through to `` easy street '' come hell or high water.Of course this hostess dodge is just a polite way to say working girl -LRB- non-factory -RRB- , whore or prostitute so let 's not fall into dreamland about what was expected , expected when master gangster Johnny Vanning took over the New York clubs and was determined to create more huge profit centers to add to his enterprises . Not if you wanted to stay above water , literally . But as the story unfolds the difference between that water and living to tell the tale was a near thing.See Mary had things figured out , or thought she did , her and her four other hostess roommates who were sharing a place to cut down on expenses in high-priced New York . Of course she did n't count on two things to mess up her easy street plans - one that a `` mark '' she had set up for Johnny ` s gambling tables was not able to pay his gambling debts , not even close , and therefore wound up rather dead for his mistake . Mary , as an accomplice of Johnny 's on this caper , threw the hammer-headed crusading District Attorney -LRB- played against type a bit by Humphrey Bogart then known mainly for the Duke Mantee gangster on the lam role in the also Betty Davis - starring Petrified Forest -RRB- a fast ball and Johnny walked , walked free as a bird and Mary thumbed her smart nose at old John Law.The second thing was more serious , involving her visiting kid sister who got caught up in the dragnet around Johnny 's trial , and around knowledge of her sister 's real livelihood -LRB- a livelihood keeping sis in pencils and books at old something U -RRB- and decided she could not go back to college . On a fling she attended one of Johnny 's parties and wound up very dead for her troubles after she caught on that she was not really the hostess type and ran afoul of Johnny 's wrath . Mary , finally catching on that she was in a no win situation working in gangland , although only finally catching on after she took a merciless beating from Johnny 's boys , decided to play ball with the law for real this time . Naturally Johnny had to go down on that sister rap and he and his boys were convicted on the testimony of Mary and her other hostess friends . DA Humphrey got his glory and big headlines but what did Mary and the other women get ? No question , being a working girl , working those mean streets and hard on the shoe leather clip joints then was n't exactly the road to easy street , no way . The streets were not for dreaming then . Now either come think of it .
 Mob Don , Johnny Vanning -LRB- Eduardo Ciannelli -RRB- takes over the New York nightclubs turning them into clip joints.Mary Dwight -LRB- Bette Davis -RRB- one of the girls working there has little use for Vanning because of the death of a close frind.Having no choice , Mary goes along when Vanning says its his way or quit.Returning home with her friends , Dorothy -LRB- Lola Lane -RRB- , Emmy Lou -LRB- Isabel Jewell -RRB- , Florrie -LRB- Rosalind Marquis -RRB- and Estelle -LRB- Mayo Methot -RRB- they all agree to go along with Vanning.After a city slicker runs up a huge gambling debt and is murdered by Vannings thugs , Mary who was out with the man , is picked up and held by the police.DA David Grahame -LRB- Humphrey Bogart -RRB- wants to smash Vannings rackets and when Mary agrees to testify , creating a mock trial to humilate Grahame , she is plastered all over the papers as a tramp.Marys sister , Betty -LRB- Jane Bryan -RRB- who had no idea her sister was involved with Vanning , refuses to return to school and goes along with Emmy Lou to one of Vannings raunchy parties where shes attacked by a guest and killed by Vanning when she tries to get away.When Mary finds out about her sister she goes to Grahame who doesnt believe anything she says.At the start of the film it says This story is fiction -LRB- And if you believe that , Bogart should have got the Oscar for Return Of DR X -RRB- Johnny Vanning was based on Lucky Luciano who in 1936 was sentenced to 30 years after his prostitutes got on the stand and told of beatings , drug additiction , and other brutal treatment.Shortly after WW2 Lucky was deported , but soon showed up in Havana where he had a major mob confrence and was again deported by the Cuban government to Italy.He died in 1962 . David Grahame was based on Thomas Dewey who later ran against Harry Truman and lost .
 Bette Davis is Mary Dwight , a woman on a mission
 Almost immediately after New York attorney general Thomas Dewey successfully prosecuted Lucky Luciano for running a massive prostitution ring in 1936 , Warner Bros. came out with this excellent version of the story starring Bette Davis . This is one of the rare Thirites crime dramas where the emphasis is mostly on women and their interrelations
 Warner Bros. . Pictures presents `` MARKED WOMAN '' -LRB- 1937 -RRB- -LRB- 96 min/B & W ;-RRB- -- Starring Bette Davis , Humphrey Bogart , Lola Lane , Isabel Jewell , Eduardo Ciannelli , Rosalind Marquis , Mayo Methot & Jane Bryan , . Directed by Lloyd BaconLloyd Bacon directed this tough , fast-paced film about `` hostesses '' in a nightclub run by a ruthless gangster . Star Bette Davis shines in the leading role , but it 's cobra-like Eduardo Ciannelli who steals the film as the crime kingpin . A sleek , urbane actor , Ciannelli was a doctor before turning to the stage . He made his film debut in the previous year 's Winterset , and would go along to become a top movie villain for the next several decades . Ciannelli had about him an air of refined cruelty that made him compelling to watch . Unlike Davis , his is a name that never became well-known . Dedicated to realism , Bette Davis left the set when the makeup department outfitted her with dainty bandages for the hospital scene following the physical attack on her character by mobsters . She drove to her own doctor and instructed him to bandage her as he would a badly beaten woman . Returning to the set , she declared , `` You shoot me this way , or not at all ! '' They did.This film also shows wonderful examples of the Art Deco style in the Club Intime nightclub sequences . The design is lustrous . Hollywood Deco always signified glamor , modernity , and sexual liberation.This film also has an up-and-coming actor by the name of Humphrey Bogart along with his soon-to-be-real-life-wife Mayo Methot . Get a load of some of the other female names in the cast
 A detective tries to convince four girlfriends in order to testify against their boss underworld . A pleasant and intriguing picture .
 Eduardo Ciannelli gives an wonderful , controlled performance as the gangster heavy , Vanning in `` Marked Woman '' . His studied calm nicely offsets the histrionics of the hostesses in his employment . Betty Davis , naturally , is given the most screen time reacting hysterically to her myriad sorrows and complaints . The rest of the girls just stand around mostly like mannikins in stolen designer dresses . One of them actually sings for her supper at Club Intimate . These songs prompted me to suggest a name change
 Bette Davis and Humphrey Bogart were a rugged team in this 1938 pot-boiler that stands above the crime melodramas of the period because the central characters are women caught in a web of evil due to their virtual enslavement to a ruthless gangster . Supposedly based on true crime files , the girls were supposed to be prostitutes but censorship demanded the term `` clip-joint hostess '' !!! The cast is excellent but Davis shines as Mary the central figure whose little sister winds up being killed by the gangster boss . Mary wages a battle but pays a dear price for her efforts -LRB- see the movie -RRB- and she and her co-workers -LRB- the other `` girls '' -RRB- end up walking away into the fog with an uncertain future forever scarred by their experiences . This film demands DVD treatment . It is unforgettable once seen and a classic reminder of what movie-going once was long ago . I strongly recommend it to Davis and Bogie buffs but also to classic 30 's crime fans . It 's beautifully made and surprisingly tough for the period -LRB- despite the stupid censorship regulations -RRB- . Check it out ...
 This 1937 gangster flick is sensational . It tells the story of Mary Dwight and her four roomates who worked as hostesses in a nightclub . When that club is taken over by a gangster named Vanning , the club is transformed into a clip joint for unsuspecting customers . The job of the hostess is to make sure that the customers are having a good time , so that they spend their money drinking and gambling.When Mary 's naive sister , Betty , whom Mary is putting through college , pays her an unexpected visit , Mary is thrown for a loop , as Betty believes that Mary has a legitimate job . Mary struggles to keep of the masquerade for naught , as Mary is arrested by the police on a trumped up murder charge . It seems that one of the nightclub customers , who had welched on a gambling debt to the club , turned up dead with Mary 's telephone number in his pocket . With the matter becoming front page news , the veil is pulled from her younger sister 's eyes.When kid sister Betty refuses to return to school , due to the notoriety surrounding the arrest , which was ultimately dropped , Mary keeps her under virtual house arrest . Bored one night , she accompanies one of Mary 's roommates to one of Vanning 's parties , unbeknownst to Mary . It is a party from which she will never return home . When Mary discovers where her now missing sister had been , she suspects the worst and enlists the help of an idealistic prosecutor to help her.When she ultimately finds out what happened to her sister , she vows to get Vanning and tells him so to his face . Vanning , naturally , does not take her threat lightly and has his goons place his special mark on her to teach her a lesson and keep her silent . Mary , however , does not let this stop her in her quest to obtain justice for her sister . Enlisting the help of her initially reluctant fellow hostesses and that of the zealous prosecutor , she ultimately has her day in court.Vanning will rue the day he crossed swords with Mary.This is a terrific film , with wonderful , award calibre performances to be had by all . Davis , as Mary Dwight , is street smart and hard boiled . She is also lovely to look at . Her roommates and fellow hostesses , played by Lola Lane , Isabel Jewell , Rosalind Marquis , and Mayo Methot , all have great chemistry with each other and Mary . All have great dialogue with which to work , fast paced , sharp , and often witty . Moreover , they each have a beautiful wardrobe of clothing.Jane Bryan also gives a more than credible performance as Mary 's fresh faced , younger sister . Eduardo Ciannelli with his authentic Italian accent is aptly sinister as the ganster , Vanning , and a young Humphrey Bogart is terrific as the prosecutor , giving a clipped , no nonsense delivery of his lines.This is , without a doubt , one of Bette Davis ' best films . It is one which is a must see for all fans of Ms. Davis , as well as for all those who simply love great , classic films .
 No one will ever accuse MARKED WOMAN of being a great movie , but it still can be a great movie melodrama . Hollywood of the mid 1930s was churning out one potboiler after another , and this movie has the accompanying characteristics . Yet , what places MARKED WOMAN far above its contemporary competition is the terrific acting of Bette Davis ably backed up by Humphrey Bogart and a quartet of extraordinarily convincing female seconds . Bette plays Mary , a ` hostess ' for a clip joint run by the gangster Vanning , snarlingly played by Eduardo Ciannelli . Her job is to entertain customers to the point that they drop all their money at the crooked gambling tables . For a while , Mary is content to do this until her sister Bette , played by the ultra-sweet Jane Bryan , gets unintentionally involved in the rackets . Bette is killed , Mary is deliberately disfigured to convince her to keep silent , and Bogie enters as a racket-busting DA who needs Mary 's testimony to nail Vanning . If all this sounds like countless other films of the decade , then surely it is so , but the interaction between Bette Davis , her kid sister Jane Bryan , the snappy dialogue bouncing back and forth between the other hostesses , Mayo Methot , Isabel Jewel , and Lola Lane , combine to make the viewer forget that this is only a potboiler and instead focus on what they are really seeing , a movie that makes you care about what happens to the characters . This , then , is the magic of all good films , potboilers or otherwise .
 `` Marked Woman '' was one of the finest examples of Warner Brothers ' 1930s gangster films . The movie is violent , lonely and sentimental without being saccharin . `` Marked Woman '' maximizes the Bette Davis style . Humphrey Bogart is appropriately straightforward as the assistant D.A. His crisp , clipped delivery shows his stage training , but the dynamic Bogie is nowhere to be found . That 's okay as this film is not about him but about the five night club hostesses led by Ms. Davis . Rounding out the quintet are Lola Lane , Isabel Jewell , Mayo Methot and Roslaind Marquis . Their chemistry is superb and the whole movie is charged with an exciting energy . The ironic aspect of this excellent gangster film is the fact that not a single gun is fired .
 That is what one movie poster gushed about the one and only Bette Davis , and this one have Ms. Davis in all her firecracker glory in spades . `` Marked Woman '' took place when the country was still recovering from the Depression . Bette played Mary Dwight , who is a `` hostess '' who roomed with four other hostesses , `` Gaby '' , Estelle , Emmylou , and Florrie . The When Johnny Vanning -LRB- a thinly disguised Al Capone type -RRB- took over the club she worked at and turn it into a clip joint , Mary jumped at the chance to work for him , seeing easy money . However , Mary had a younger sister named Betty who goes to school and is in the dark about what Mary is really doing for a living.When a man whom Mary was with was found murdered , Mary and her sister was inadvertendedly dragged into the plots of an idealistic D.A. played by Humphrey Bogart , who was determined to bring Vanning down . Mary sided with Vanning , but quickly switched allegiance her sister fell victim to Vanning . The other four woman were less enthusiastic about taking the side of the law , fearing retribution from Vanning and his goons . `` Marked Woman '' is one of my all time favorite Bette Davis movie , the pacing is quick and never lets up once the plot got into motion . It is filled with rapid fire one-liners , and snappish and sarcastic humour that only the Golden Age of Hollywood can deliver . Great supporting performances by Lola Lane -LRB- Gaby -RRB- and Isabel Jewel -LRB- Emmy Lou -RRB- . Although I found it interesting that one of the girls , Florrie , barely said a word.Two songs in the the movie , `` Silver Dollar Man '' and `` Mr. and Mrs. Dough '' re-iterate the times , it is right after the Depression , and ANY money , no matter where it 's from or how it 's made , is better than none at all . Mary and her cohorts do not want to go back to poverty row , thus making their choice to do right all the more difficult , and one can understand and sympathize with their plight.If you have n't seen Marked Woman , see it . You wo n't be disappointed .
 If you 're looking for an enthralling classic , you 've got to get this film ! The script is wonderful and full of old-fashioned , one-line zingers ! The acting is great all ` round , and Humphrey Bogart and Bette Davis really turn up the heat with their impressive acting and intelligent chemistry . This is defnitely the best drama I 've seen of the old Hollywood gangster films . Vanning , the kingpin , is a cunning , evil , and blood-chillilng mafioso you 'll never forget.I 've always been a Bette Davis fan , but her performance in this film really captured me . Humphrey Bogart also turns in a very fine performance as an idealistic prosecutor trying to save Bette from herself.If you like vintage studio cinema , you 'll love `` Marked Woman '' !
 This is a very interesting picture for Bogart fans . His soon-to-be 3rd wife , Mayo Methot , is one of the five `` hostesses '' featured in this movie , who will bring down Eduardo Ciannelli ; one of the few 30 's films that I 've seen that shows an actual Italian actor playing the crime boss . I love the art deco neon sign displaying `` Club Intimate '' , the club where a lot of the action takes place . The 2 songs in the movie are done near the beginning and comic relief Allen Jenkins is only allowed one scene that 's alsofairly early . Actually , I think Bogart is excellent in what he was given , that of a young district attorney with compassion and authority . The scene where he 's forced to tell Davis about the death of her sister is quite touching . Bette in the title role gets to ham it up and at times looks simply marvelous . Isabel Jewell is quite a knockout as the ditzy blonde . Lloyd Bacon 's direction stays at a brisk pace and Bette 's off-camera beating and stabbing is still quite dramatic and terrifying . The 5 girls have good report with each other . The reason I did n't give this 5 stars is I thought the marquerade that suppose to fool Davis 's kid sister somewhat weak , making her look like an idiot . But it 's very forgivable as the censors at the time this was made could n't let the girls be called prostitutes . Still , highly recommended .
 Bette Davis distinguished herself as an actress in the early 1930s -- but even with an Oscar to her credit she found the films offered to her by home studio Warner Brothers increasingly weak . She decided to break her contract , fled to England , and was soon embroiled in a lawsuit that she lost . But as Davis later noted , she lost the battle but won the war
 Marked Woman was made in 1937 and featured the wonderful Bette Davis in a gritty , less than glamorous role . The movie is all about crime , the mobster underworld and hard-bitten alluring hostesses . There 's violence and cruelty to women and murder , with most of the more grueling scenes taking place behind closed doors . One can just imagine the sensors take on this movie - they were almost certainly appalled at the subject matter , which was probably quite provocative for the time.The story pretty much centers on the racketeering at the New York Club Intim&eacute; and the group of `` hostesses '' who work there . Underworld huckster Johnny Vanning -LRB- Eduardo Cianelli -RRB- has acquired the Club after renovations , and he wants to make sure that the girls are giving him the appropriate cut and that they are fulfilling their duties of encouraging men to spend on champagne and gamble in the secret casino hidden in the back room.Mary Dwight Strauber -LRB- Davis -RRB- rooms with a number of hostesses who go along with the new deal , even though they know Vanning has murdered men who think they can trick the club . Mary is well aware that Vanning is up to no good , but her very life is placed on the line when a witness sees her with one of the men who was murdered.Along with the other girls , Mary is hauled down to the DA 's office and forced into a lineup . Mary then gets an offer of protection from David Graham -LRB- Humphrey Bogart -RRB- , and she agrees to help , only to have her reputation as a professional party girl backfire on her - now she 's got her picture in the paper , her reputation forever ruined.There 's a trial and a Mary gives a bent testimony , mainly because she 's terrified of what Vanning might do to her . Things get even more complicated when Mary 's innocent sister Betty -LRB- Jane Bryan -RRB- arrives in town , and not only accidentally gets pulled in on the police raid , but decides to adopt the call-girl lifestyle . Disillusioned , she accompanies the least dependable and rather flighty hostess Emmy Lou -LRB- Isabel Jewell -RRB- to one of Vanning 's parties.Perhaps the most memorable scene - and the most violent - is when poor Mary gets roughed up by one of Vanning 's henchmen . Of course the director Lloyd Bacon was n't allowed to show anything , so it all takes place in her bedroom with us outside , but this ironically gives the scene even more of an impact . Davis is really good here , not just in the one-to-one scenes with Bogart , but also when she 's with her group of girls and she really manages to portray Mary 's strength and fragility in the same moment . It 's a very atypical role for an actress at this time.Of course , the movie is all about the triumph of women over men who treat them badly and exploit them , and punch them out at the lightest provocation , and you can really feel the social relevance oozing off the screen - even if the full impact of it was tempered by the sensors . All these women must find their inner strength after an initial false boldness and it is only with the help of each other can they band together to eventually take these henchmen down . Mike Leonard July 06 .
 This is a nifty little thirties ` bad girls ' flick with the unbeatable line-up of Bogie and Davis . It definitely falls into the ` early over-acting period ' of Davis ' career however interesting to note is the fact that it also stars Bogie 's third wife Mayo Methot with whom he had trouble extricating humself especially when Lauren Bacall came along and married him . She was found dead in a small town hotel room five years later while he filmed The African Queen .
 This is one of the most leading lady of all times . Her style , looks and the way she is , no one can top her , in today 's world . A classic and beyond .
 The copy I have was dispatched from Canada which is area 1 -LRB- one -RRB- so I had to play it through on my computer screen . Faultless . As good as the day it was released in 1937 . No hassle payment through Amazon account . If you are a fan why have n`t you got a copy ? . One of Bogies early releases.His only other castings was Dark Victory . He played Bett ` s racehorse trainer . -LRB- mid Forties . -RRB- and the Petrified Forrest , probably the start of a very long journey.Lesley howard was in this too.Look it up on Amazons webb page , mainly set in one room .
 I bought this for a Grad . School presentation on Tourette 's Syndrome . I used the information for part of the written paper and showed the video as part of my presentation . Received an A + . Great history of the disorder and up-to-date information , including interviews with some extraordinary people who live with Tourette 's .
 This film interviews actual people who suffer from Tourette Syndrome and how they have been able to cope with this sometimes devasting disorder.Students are intrigued by the film and find it most informative .
 DARK MATTER is a film that will polarize audiences
 DARK MATTER is a harrowing movie about a young genius 's attempt to earn a Ph.D. , share his ground-breaking ideas about the universe , and improve the lives of his parents and himself . Well scripted and well acted , it rings true.SPOILER ALERT
 Excellent presentation by Meryl Streep , Aidan Quinn and Liu Ye about a young Chinese student in America whose advanced theories on the universe exceeds that of his professors causing a rift between him , the American establishment and traditional western religion as well . This film demonstrates how jealousy and ambition within American Academia and American religious institutes has sent cosmology discoveries back into the dark ages . It 's a sad but true tale of how the scientific world has been influenced by the infiltration of Western religious dogma .
 This compelling movie explores what happens to a young , bright man , talented in physics -LRB- cosmology -RRB- who leaves China to become a graduate student at the US university . His eagerness to please his academic adviser , strong personal desire to bring honor to his family and youthful ambition puts him at odds with his peers , university professors and politics of academia.This young man 's only support is compassion of a local socialite who has sincere personal interest in Chinese culture and who take her personal interest in this bright , young man.When things start to fall apart like house of cards for this young , brilliant man he falls into a deep end from which there is no escape . This is an amazing study of human conflict , cultural differences and shattered dreams .
 `` Dark Matter '' is a film loosely based on the true story of Gang Lu , a Chinese student who comes to the United States and kills four faculty members and one student at the University of Iowa . The star of the film is Liu Xing -LRB- Liu Ye -RRB- , an only child in China 's one child economy . His parents are hardworking and striven all their lives for him to have an education and be somebody . Liu is brilliant and wants to win the Nobel Prize . He arrives at Valley State University and does his best to transition into American life . He has the help of Joanna Silver -LRB- Meryl Streep -RRB- , a patron of the arts , who also admires Chinese culture . She takes a liking to the young student and sees his potential . Liu is interested in cosmology and is mentored by his hero , the famous cosmologist Jacob Reiser -LRB- Aidan Quinn -RRB- . Jacob is proud of his student 's industrious ways and says he is brilliant to Joanna , but though he initially supports Liu , he is threatened by Liu 's achievements in detecting and analyzing dark matter in the universe.We see the dark underbelly of academia and the rivalry between researchers when individuals make breakthroughs that conflict with superiors . Unexpected obstacles appear , including politics , and understanding of what different cultures expect.Overall the film is an interesting slice of academia , research , competition , cultural issues and expectations of a rising genius who must confront the dark forces of insecure egos .
 Let 's make this perfectly clear
 There are a couple of reason to give this film a look . 1 . It is well acted by the entire cast . 2 . The story line is intriguing . 3 . The story line is -LRB- sadly -RRB- believable . 4 . The music throughout is hauntingly beautiful . In fact , I have searched -LRB- so far in vain -RRB- for the movie soundtrack . A recurring use of symbolism throughout the film , I felt added a lushness and depth to the drama as both a foreshadowing tool as well as an exclamation point to a scene just played . A better reviewer than I has suggested it be viewed more than once in order to feel deeper levels of this film , I heartily agree .
 This movie is based on a real story in Ohio , the student was treated really unfair by his adviser and the school , and he almost could n't graduate , and even after graduation , he could n't find a job because he could n't get recommandation letter from his advisor on time everytime . He lost all his hope .
 I was very impressed with the movie based on a true story . It should be studied by the academic society of the United States who are so arrogrant in many cases to reject other cultures exceptional intellect . I know many from China whom credentials are not acceptable in US ... why?Please let me know where the soundtrack of this film can be purchased from ... it was indeed very much a key part of the film . I loved it!CeeJai
 This was n't obvious at first , but the shakespearian ending was starkly enlightening to my American expectations . A brilliant mind is a brialliant mind -LRB- Chinese or otherwise # . Therefore , who can say as to how Einstein , Gallieleo , or #Liu Xing or Aidan Quinn -RRB- managed to rise above their peers -LRB- was it culture or genetics -RRB- . Who can say if one would win over the other ? Or if one or the other provided the catalyst to rise out of the fog.Dark Matter
 I saw parts of this on TV , and bought the whole thing.A similar situation -LRB- graduate faculty abuse leading to dire consequences -RRB- happened in the same town I was doing graduate work , but another institution . My whole class of graduate students was abused and mis-managed , so this film was very resonant with me.A must reading for anyone enterring graduate school ; a revalation of what graduate education is often REALLY like , and how short of the mark .
 Very powerful and artistic movie , but a sad story.Ye Liu is a great actor and the character he played was a scary guy !
 Good movie . It is so sad what greed and pride can do to a person . What a waste of a brilliant mind .
 This was great ! It gave me a whole new appreciation for my parents . I highly recommend this documentary to everyone .
 WHEN THIS MOVIE WAS MADE BABE RUTH WAS DYING.WHEN HE WENT TO SEE THIS MOVIE HE HAD TO WALK OUT BECAUSE HE THOUGHT THAT IT WAS SO BAD.I THINK WILLIAM BENDIX -LRB- WHO USED TO BE THE BATBOY DURING THE TIME THE BABE PLAYED FOR THE YANKEES -RRB- WAS EXCELLENT.I OWN THE VIDEO OF THIS MOVIE BUT THE MOVIE WAS ONLY FAIR .
 This is my wife 's favorite sports movie . What you need to know is that she hates sports . But this movie is so absurd , it is hilarious , in a Plan 9 From Outer Space kind of way.Scene after scene is pure fiction , but you ca n't help but laugh and enjoy it . It climaxes with the Babe in the hospital , dying of throat cancer -LRB- which they do n't identify -RRB- . Outside his room window are hundreds of people -LRB- that part is true , according to Red Barber in Ken Burns ' Baseball - he was sick and in the same hospital -RRB- . However , it probably is NOT true that the people sang Take Me Out to the Ballgame in rich harmony , slowly , like a dirge . -LRB- This was my wife 's favorite moment -RRB- . And lest we forget , he agrees to allow experimental surgery on his body , to help humanity , because that 's just the kind of guy he was , and because the surgeon -LRB- who had treated a dog the Babe had hit with a foul ball and brought to the hospital , leaving the game in progress -RRB- was `` good people . '' Sorry for that run on sentence , but the writing in so many scenes is just so bizarely and idiotically wonderful , I just get pumped up thinking about it.The scene , by the way , where the Babe called his shot , as William Bendix hams it up and emphatically points his bat at the centerfield wall , is given a lot of credit for the controversy of whether that actually ever happened . Bendix is so over the top , you want it to be true.It 's a ridiculous , wonderful piece of entertainment . A real homer .
 I bought this movie to show to my grandsons and enjoyed it just as much as they did even though I had seen it when it first came out .
 I love this movie . It has been one of my all time favorites and I watch it often . Thanks for making it available .
 A wonderful dedication to such a fantastic baseball player . Babe Ruth 's life shows what a sentive side he had along with his fortitude as the greatest baseball player . The end makes you feel like you lost a personal friend . Everyone has heard of Babe , he 'll always be remembered and loved . This movie gives you a sence of knowing him and loving his life .
 This is a documentary . The history , only romanced a little by Hollywood.I never saw Babe play . I am 61 . But my father sat right behind him in center field , at the Stadium in New York . This movie was one of the first movies I ever saw . The nuns played it for us once a year , at school , because of the message at the end of the film . Me , as a regular human , give the film 5 stars . This is on my `` Top-Five-of-all-time '' listBill Donovan
 I like to order Babe Ruth Story . I need to know if it is closed captioned -LRB- cc -RRB- . If not closed captioned , I do n't want it . Thank you . Janet A. Smith
 I have always loved South Park but feel that as it started taking on more touchier subjects it became funnier . Cartman changing the words of popular music my inserting `` Jesus '' and then going plantinum ... I love the way South Park makes us laugh at everything from Special Olympics , the news media , to ourselves . I will continue to buy the DVD 's as I ca n't help but laugh no matter how many times I might have viewed them .
 Whereas I agree with some of you about the hit and miss of this series , yes some episodes are better than others . The first episode I did n't like of South Park was the Sexual Harassment Panda but even now I have grown to like that episode . I think the one truly bad episode was Great Expectations which was a run of a Charles Dickens play , nothing funny about that episode until they break out the robot monkeys . If you never heard of that play like me this one flew right over your head . Other than that I find something to love in every episode even to the latest . I ca n't agree with the others who 've said South Park has gone downhill , I look forward to buying this Season DVD and 8 and 9 and 10 when they are released .
 Has anyone NOT seen these ? Everyone probably should.Want to see the funniest half-hour that ever aired on Television ? Check out `` Christian Rock Hard '' . Want political commentary ? Check out `` I 'm A Little Bit Country '' . Want a history lesson ? Check out `` All About the Mormons '' . Want a clever imaginative sci-fi type of episode ? Check out `` Cancelled '' . Want a classic type of episode that solidifies what made the show great ? Check out `` Casa Bonita '' ? Want to see something so surreal it 's almost incomprehensible , but it 's incredibly funny like nothing else ? Check out `` Fat Butt and Pancake Head '' .
 If you like `` The Newer '' south park than you will love this season . But if you 're like me and like the older episodes . Than pass on season 7 . I 'll admit some of the newer episodes are really good but i still have n't seen them all yet . I 'd probably say that the best episode on this season is Bebe 's Boobs destroy soicety .
 Season 7 of this great show is the last one I can honestly say had more funny eps than unfunny . It was n't until after this season that the `` South Park dialectic '' , as I call it , took over , where one side was stupid , so was the other one , and common sense places the libertarian in the middle ! Yay!Anyway , Season 7 gave me what I think was probably one of the funniest , and most moving , eps of South Park , Raisins . O yes , that 's right , moving . Butters timid speech to Stan at the end gets me every time . In addition to that is the absolutely excellent skewing of `` goth kids '' that really reminded me of what South Park is really about
 I would love to get this ! It has Pancake Head and Fat Butt or something like that . And I love the Crazy Cripples episode .
 South Park has come a long way since 1997 . It still airs today , and it 's still as fresh as it was 9 years ago.Heres a review of the episodes :701 - I 'm A Little Bit Country : To be honest , i did n't like this episode when i first watched it , but it grew on me when i next watched it.A solid 100th episode , but not the classic i expected for a 100th episode . 8.5 / 10702-Krazy Kripples : Timmy and Jimmy joining the crips is classic , as they think its a group for cripples.Its just so funny , you cant help laughing . 9/10703-Toilet Paper : Good episode , but not the best.Matter of fact , its one of the weakest in this boxset , though its still good . 8/10704-Cancelled : Good episode , it cracked me up about earth being a TV reality show , especially the bit where everyone finds out about it , and you 're expecting them to scream in fear , but they start cheering ! 9/10705-Fat Butt And Pancake Head : Really funny , with Cartmans hand being a JLO puppet , and JLO beats up his hand , and the bit where Cartman finds Ben Affleck naked in his bed with his hand . 9.5 / 10706-Lil Crime Stoppers : One of the most underrated episodes of South Park , another one which grows on you.I cant help laughing at the bit where those boys are with the doll , and they say Lets check on her vagina , and the bit with Butters pulling on his weiner for two days . 9.5 / 10707-Redmans Greed : A good episode , but another weak one in the boxset like Toilet Paper , though its slightly better than Toilet Paper . 7.5 / 10708-South Park Is Gay : Crab people taking over the world using Quuer Eye For The Straight Guy , and Kyle getting beaten up for being straight is pure classic material , though this episode does not beat Christian Rock Hard or Casa Bonita . 9/10709-Christian Rock Hard : The best episode of South Park ever released.Cartmans racist things to Token and saying F**k Jesus is so funny.And the bit where Butters says `` We 're not christians , we 're pretending to be for money '' then Cartman says `` Butters , remind me later to cut your balls off '' classic material . 11/10710-Grey Dawn : After a classic episode , it goes down to an average episode.Its OK , but its really stupid and not that funny . 6/10711-Casa Bonita : Another classic , especially at the start , with Cartman swearing at Kyle , leaving the house , reentering to apologise then Kyle says he 's still not going , then Cartman screaming `` F**k you Kyle!I hope you die!I hope you f**king die ! '' is classic , and Butters being trapped by Cartman in a bomb shelter is classic too.the 2nd best episode on this boxset . 10/10712-All About Mormons : This episode is just crap.The worst episode of South Park ever created.I dont know why anyone even likes this episode , its unfunny , boring and r * tarted.Skip this episode , it brings disgrace to South Park . 0/10713-Butt Out : The starting bit is p * ss yourself funny , then the episode remains good , but it gets weaker towards the end.An episode well worth watching still though.Butt Out !! 9/10714-Raisins : IMO , the saddest episode of South Park ever from a Stan point of view , though its still very funny despite being quite sad.To be honest , this is one of my favourites , though to be honest again , the part with Stan in bed talking about losing love made me cry , and i never cry at sad stuff . 9/10715-Its Christmas In Canada : Funny as hell , though it could 've done with Cartman beating Kyle instead of it being the other way around , though that bit was still funny.Also seeing Clyde cry over no presents is funny . 8.5 / 10overall , this is a good season with some classics like Christian Rock Hard , Casa Bonita and Fat Butt and Pancake Head but a few bad ones like All About Mormons and Grey Dawn.I advise all South Park fans to buy this box set , as its the best South Park season ever , though it 's ironic that the best season , also ha the worst episode ever.In order , heres the episodes from best , to worst1.Christian Rock Hard2.Casa Bonita3.Fat Butt And Pancake Head4.Lil Crime Stoppers5.Raisins6.Krazy Kripples7.South Park Is Gay8.Butt Out9.Cancelled10.I 'm a Little Bit Country11.Toilet Paper12.Its Christmas In Canada13.Redmans Greed14.Grey Dawn15.All About Mormonsso every episode is good except Grey Dawn and All About Mormons.Though i called this series the best series of South Park because 12 out of 15 episodes had an 8 or higher , and the fact i say any episode with a 9.5 or more is classic , theres about 4 classics , and 5 close to classics.I hope you found this review helpful , and that you will watch South Park , and avoid Family Guy as it sucks a ** !! Overall boxset rating-9 .5 / 10
 I disagree with what some people above have said . I think that the 8th and 9th seasons are great . Look at some episodes from season 8.801 Good Times With Weapons803 Up the Down Steroid805 You Got F*cked in the Ass802 AWESOM-O807 The Jeffersons806 Goobacks810 Pre-School811 Quest for Ratings814 Woodland Critter ChristmasThese episodes alone make season 8 a great season . Goobacks , the jeffersons , and woodland critter christmas are all classics . There are also great episodes on season 9 as well . Like901 Mr. Garrison 's Fancy New Vagina * hilarious902 Die Hippie , Die903 Wing904 Best Friends Forever * how could you hate the golden psp ? 905 The Losing Edge908 Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow909 Marjorine912 Trapped in the Closet * Genius914 Bloody Mary * a very controversial episode and unfortunately might not be able to be released on dvd , thanx to the christians who got all offendedYou ca n't deny the comedy that these episodes give . I personaly do n't think that south park has gone down hill , maybe a few of the newer episodes are not that funny , but the amount of them that are funny out weight the ones that arnt .
 It seems like whenever you talk about `` South Park '' , someone always says `` I ca n't believe they get away with some of that stuff ! '' . Usually that comment comes from someone who is not a fan of the show , maybe has seen a few episodes here or there , or maybe has n't seen the show at all and is only going by word of mouth ? For some reason `` South Park '' does n't seem to get the respect of other animated shows like `` The Simpsons '' or `` Family Guy '' . I guess being on a cable channel as opposed to Network TV might have something to do with it , or maybe it 's because `` South Park '' will take up controversial issues most other shows wo n't touch , and people see that as `` Shock-TV '' ?? Who knows why `` South Park '' is n't given the respect it deserves , but as a fan of the show I ca n't recommend season 7 enough . There are some truly funny episodes in this set , and even the episodes that do n't work as well , will still give you a good belly laugh here or there . `` Christain Rock Hard '' , with Cartman 's goal of getting platinum album is worth the price of this set alone.I too had issues with the odd soundtrack on these disks , and am glad to see other reveiwers pointing this out , but it 's a minor complaint , but one that kept me from giving a full 5 star review . I can live with the fluctuating sound levels , and still enjoy the shows .
 Let me start off by saying that Matt Stone and Trey Parker , over the years , have been pioneers when it comes to comedy ! They really take it to the extremes , and for that , they will undoubtedly go down in television history as such.This is probably my favorite season , aside from the new season that is not yet -LRB- as of the time this is being written , -RRB- finished.Cancelled
 classic episodes like `` Cancelled '' `` South Park is Gay '' & `` Krazy Kripples '' are what made season seven so great.The `` Cancelled '' episode is by far my favorite ; a great take on reality shows mixed in with the always hilarious South Park views on philosophy & sociology . & how great is a talking taco that sh*t s ice cream !? If you are a newer fan of South Park or a seasoned veteran I 'm sure you will enjoy this dvd .
 From ripping on reality tv to exposing mormon religion for the bs fraud that it is to tearing down the christian rock music industry , season 7 of south park was intensely funny . At the beginning of season 7 , we were all bickering over the whole Invasion of Iraq . It was a very touchy issue that this episode addressed nicely . The social dichotomies this show offers up in its latter years are as refreshing it gets . And who ca n't get enough of Butters ? From him reminding Stan that it 's better to be a sissy whiner than a faggy goth , to rubbing salt in Cartman 's wounds after Token beat the snot out of him , Butters evolution as a character was great . Makes one wonder why they ever bothered trying to make Pip the kid everyone ripped on . Anyway , I loved season 7 immensely . especially the end of ` raisins ' when Stan addresses his feelings for Wendy and her decision to date Token ; ` Hey wendy ? You 're a bitch ! And Token ? Right here , buddy !! ' as he flips them the bird . Classic .
 there is no such thing as a bad south park episode!each one is brilliant!mormans !
 The set arrived before due date and was in excellent condition for being used . Very satisfied ! Kenny is in the first episode but they do not explain why he is back or how he returned ? Mystery ??????
 As a last of the minute gift that was needed I could not be happier . The product was shipped ontime , packed great , and was the standard price . Thanks
 its south park ... what can you say , its great . Season 7 has some great moments and is just what you would expect from the always funny writers of the show .
 South park is really just the funniest show . Many people would say it rips on -LSB- insert ANY group here -RSB- , but through all the satire in every episode we see uncovered something that is just so true in today 's society . Cartman 's really funny because he rips on all groups -LRB- especially jews -RRB- and does n't even put himself in their shoes . He does n't even realize he 's a no-life fat greedy jackass.It sounds like immature humor , I know , but when you watch it you wo n't be able to resist laughing.Butters is my favorite character , he always lives in fear of being grounded by his extremely strict parents but his accent is just too good.WATCH IT !
 I count seasons 5-10 in South Park as the show 's golden age , putting season 7 deservedly right smack in the middle of it . Without question there are a few bad episodes in this season , but for every bad or mediocre episode there are 2 or 3 truly outstanding ones . My personal favorite from this season is `` Raisins , '' which very honestly explores what it 's like to lose your first girlfriend , features the very first appearance of the South Park Goth kids , and also has a very amusing sub-plot featuring Butters . `` All About the Mormons ? '' is another classic which rips the Mormon faith a new one , yet at the same time allows the new Mormon kid character a great line at the end of the episode . `` Christian Hard Rock '' is an amusing episode and also I believe the first time we get to see Cartman really get his ass kicked , which I think everyone had been hoping to see for quite a while . `` Casa Bonita '' is one of the best Cartman/Butters episodes ever -LRB- though all of them are good - hard to go wrong with a pair like that ! -RRB- . `` Toilet Paper '' is another hilarious Cartman and Kyle-centric episode . And finally `` Fatbutt and Pancake Head , '' probably the most notorious episode from this season , is 30 minutes of tribute to the genius of Trey Parker . Who else could possibly manage to make a show where the central character is a talking hand puppet that is also a racist stereotype , and include scenes where an 8-year old boy gives an adult man a handjob , and still have it be just about the funniest thing ever ? Genius , pure and simple . The weaker episodes this season come in the form of `` Butt Out '' - one of the show 's worst episodes that really tries way too hard to make it 's point -LRB- and which is n't even a very good point to begin with -RRB- ; `` Grey Dawn '' and `` Red Man 's Greed '' - which both tend to drag on a bit and run with the same joke for too long ; and finally `` South Park is Gay ! '' - which ended with the introduction of the crab people . This ending was so incredibly corny `` crab people '' has now become a euphemism for `` running out of ideas . ''
 Do yourself a favor and get this set if you 're a south park fan.Even if you 're not a fan you have to like `` fat butt and pancakehead '' which makes fun of Ben Affleck and J Lo . `` Toilet Paper '' which parodies both `` Silence of the Lambs '' and `` Godfather 2 '' in a brilliant plot . Other highlights are `` Butt Out '' showing the effect of stop smoking propaganda and `` Red Mans Greed '' tackles SARS and Native American policy .
 Absolutely brilliant ! If you are a South Park fan , this has got to be added to your collection . Matt and Trey have lost none of their wit and I ca n't wait until the eigth season is released ! I had to purchase it from the USA -LRB- I live in England -RRB- as it 's not yet available over here and it actually cost less to buy and have it shipped over than it was to buy the previous six seasons in the shops !
 ca n't wait for this one to come out , the morman episode is definatley in my top 5 favorite of ALL TIME
 Watched the whole thing in two days . Still great construction of box set -LRB- not flimsy -RRB- . Annoying commercials can be bypassed . Has several of the funniest episodes I think they have ever done . With the price lower now , how can you say no ?
 Could this possibly be South Park 's magnum opus ? This season has some of the best episodes I 've seen ! One thing I noticed however is that Mr. Garrison does n't appear as much as in previous seasons . Here are my thoughts on the episodes :701 - Cancelled Another excellent season opener , the whole thing was A-Grade material 16/10702 - Krazy Kripples Timmy + Jimmy + Christopher Reeve + Crips + Bloods = MAJOR LAUGH OVERLOAD 20/10703 - Toilet Paper Way to show art teachers everywhere ! 15/10704 - I 'm A Little Bit Country Those pro-war people really need a lesson 13/10705 - Fat Butt and Pancake Head Taco Taco burrito taco burrito burrito kiss kiss taco Hennifer Opes !! 20/10706 - Lil ' Crime Stoppers After all the excellent episodes on Disc 1 , this turns things down a little , but still great 9/10707 - Red Man 's Greed The Indians sure know how to gamble 10/10708 - South Park Is Gay ! Way to make fun of the Queer Eye guys ! I wonder how well they 're doing now ... 18/10709 - Christian Rock Hard The whole record dedication scene at the end RULES ! 11/10710 - Grey Dawn Not one for the oldies , but still , Country Kitchen Buffet and reckless driving makes a great set 10/10711 - Casa Bonita A real gem , I would throw someone in a bomb shelter if I had to to go to Casa Bonita ! 15/10712 - All About The Mormons This along with the next episode make up this season 's low point 8/10713 - Butt Out See above 7/10714 - Raisins This episode should have its original print buried in a time capsule.Come on , Stan and Wendy , Butters and Lexus -LRB- a Raisins girl -RRB- and the Goth kids including Stan joining the Goths all make a classic episode 20/10715 - It 's Christmas In Canada Even better than Red Sleigh Down ! Great Canadians ! 16/10My advice
 Ahh yes the 7th season . We learn that old people suck at driving , Casa Bonita is -LRB- real place , but also ... -RRB- the Disney Land of Mexican Resturaunts , Butter 's gets a girlfriend , the introduction of the Goth Kids , the boys start smoking and Rob Reiner comes to town to stop big tobacco , Cartman getting a Myrrh album and saying F *** Jesus , and the first line in a South Park episode from Cartman is `` Put more clay on the balls . '' good stuff .
 I swear some of the best tv channels that i have watched while travelling around the world play either South Park or Kung Faux or both on it . - props to channel four in New Zealand!These shows just seem to get funnier and funnier the more times I watch them on dvd and I know there must be other fans like me that want to see these shows keep rockin ' in the free world !
 Season 7 is so far the last great season of the show , there are some poor episodes in this season but its far less hit and miss then season 8 or season 9 -LRB- 9 had alot more misses -RRB- . Here is a rundown of the shows.701-I ` m a little bit country : Good way to start out the season , good job at ridiculing both sides of the argument and a funny time traveling bit 4.5 / 5702-Krazy kripplesFunny episode mostly staring Jimmy and Timmy , you will think you are cold hearted when you are laughing at the Chrisopher Reeves gags but they are still funny . 4/5703-Toilet paperA decent episode , good moments at Starks pond with Cartman , other then that the side Hannibal Lector story isnt that great . 3.5 / 5704-CancelledThere is a Ice Cream crapping Taco and a disturbingly funny alien sex scene 4.5 / 5705-Fat butt and pancake headOne of my top 5 favorite episodes ever , the ending with Mitch Conner is great 5/5706-Lil ` crime stopperA pretty average episode , not to many replays for this one 2.5 / 5707-Red man ` s greedOne of the better episodes of the season , some really funny moments with Indian-America conflict 5/5708-South park is g@y!The crab people are the best thing about this episode , its pretty tame until they show up 3/5709-Christian rock hardA funny parady on the situation with the RIAA and with big entertainers who are against filesharing 4/5710-Gray dawnA funny idea and mily entertaining episode , pretty average 2/5711-Casa bonitaEvery body likes this episode but me 2.5 / 5 -LRB- 5/5 from seemingly everyone else -RRB- .712 - All about the mormonsPretty lame episode in my opinion , I already knew everything in the episode about Mormons , I would like some humor on the subject and not a history lesson 1.5 / 5713-Butt outGreat satire on the smoking issue with Rob Riener . 4/5714-RaisinsAverage in every way 2.5 / 5715-Its christmas in canadaA good way to end the season , one of the better ones in the packedge 4.5 / 5
 South Park -LRB- in my eyes -RRB- is quickly becoming a mirror of the ever changing , hypocritical , dangerous and multi-cultural society . The show remains fresh after so long because of its depiction of pop-cult figures , races , current affairs and mostly stereotype . In general , South Park is a stupid show because most of the stories make no sense at all , but the way Trey Parker and Matt Stone place some of the familiar characters in familiar situations is what makes the show so watched.Series 7 is one of the most controversial and topical in the series . There 's several mentions of 9/11 , Micael Jackson , Homosexuality , Osama Bin Laden and American Idol . The show gets its stories from modern news and fads . So if you want to watch a drastic and controversial event turned into a comedic storyline , there 's no doubt that you will find it in South Park.This really is one of the funniest , gross and most controversial shows on television , and I hope there are many more seasons to come . Season 7 is one of the many classic seasons of South Park , but there are some episodes that contain offensive material.As always , South Park should be viewed by adults and adults only .
 I think the show improved each season . Yes , there is no doubt that Trey and Matt added more social commentary than earlier seasons but I think thats what made the show grow . South Park first came on the air when I was in middle school and the very crude non-sense humor was very funny at the time . Now that I am a junior in college I do n't find the older seasons as funny to me as they used to be . I enjoy the later ones a lot more . I am not saying the old ones are bad and that the show is now high-brow humor but it does have more depth . South Park has managed to mature while still keeping its edge .
 A lot of people are saying that the show went downhill around this time , and it 's true , it did . However , Season 7 still managed to dish out a few great episodes . In the seasons that followed , South Park became a complete hit-or-miss show , with some episodes being really good , some being really bad , and a lot just being incredibly mediocre . Although this season is not entirely consistent in quality , it still has some great episodes that make the DVD boxed set worth owning . This season contains the following episodes : Canceled - The boys discover that Earth is just one big reality show for intergalactic audiences , and now that the Earthlings are aware , the show 's ratings plummet , thus the show is to be canceled . It 's up to the boys to save their planet!Krazy Kripples - No one attend 's Jimmy 's standup routine when Christopher Reeve comes to South Park to promote stem cell research . Jimmy and Timmy then decide to form a gang for people who were crippled at birth called the Crips , until they discover that a gang by that name already exists.Toilet Paper - Kyle feels guilty after he , Stan , Cartman , and Kenny T.P. their art teacher 's house . Cartman , afraid that Kyle will confess , attempts to kill Kyle.I 'm a Little Bit Country - The boys get caught in a protest against the War in Iraq . Angered that the boys know nothing of current events or their nation 's history , Mr. Garrison assigns the class a paper on the Founding Fathers . Cartman attempts to have a flashback to 1776 in order to escape from the pressures of studying.Fat Butt and Pancake Head - Cartman makes a hand puppet of Jennifer Lopez who becomes a hit pop artist , taking away the real Jennifer Lopez 's label in the recording studio as well as her man Ben Affleck.Lil ' Crime Stoppers - The boys play cops and end up getting jobs at the police station.Red Man 's Greed - The town of South Park loses everything it has to a Native American Casino . The white man is at risk of losing their homes to the red man , but through perserverance , the citizens of South Park manage to keep their home.South Park is Gay - The boys get caught up in the metrosexual fad . Kyle decides not to participate and ends up getting beat up for it , so he decides to go to New York to kill the Queer Eye guys . Mr. Garrison and Mr. Slave have the same plan as they are angered by the Queer Eye guys promoting gay culture to a straight audience.Christian Rock Hard - Cartman starts a Christian rock band with Butters and Token to try and get a platinum album before Kyle 's band can so that he can win his $ 10 bet with Kyle . Meanwhile , Stan , Kyle , and Kenny are arrested for downloading music off the internet , and in order to prevent their music from being downloaded , the boys go on a music strike.Grey Dawn - Angered that their licenses are being provoked , the elderly citizens of South Park , led by Grandpa Marsh , take over the town . It 's up to the boys to save the day!Casa Bonita - It 's Kyle 's birthday and he gets to take three friends with him to Casa Bonita -- but Cartman 's not invited ! Instead , he 's taking Stan , Kenny , and Butters . Cartman plots to leave Butters underground in a bomb shelter so that he can go to Casa Bonita in his place.All About the Mormons ? - Stan befriends a Mormon kid named Gary , whose family teaches the Marsh family all about Joseph Smith and the founding of the Mormon religion . Randy begins to think that maybe his family should convert to Mormonism.Butt Out - The boys are caught smoking and end up setting the school on fire . To keep from getting in trouble , they claim that the tobacco companies made them smoke , and so they get caught up with Rob Reiner , who leads them in a huge crusade against the tobacco companies.Raisins - Wendy breaks up with Stan and so Stan joins the Goth kids . Meanwhile , Butters has found a new affection for a girl named Lexus , who works at the local Hooters-esque restaurant for kids , Raisins.It 's Christmas in Canada - The new Canadian Prime Minister instates a new law stating that all adopted Canadians are to be returned to their birth parents . Thus , Ike is returned to Canada . Because the Broflovskis are so grief-stricken , the town decides to give all their Christmas money to the Broflovskis . In order to save Christmas and help Kyle get his little brother back , the boys travel to Canada to visit the new Prime Minister.Despite a few questionable episodes , this season has a few gems , and so at the very least , everyone should buy the first seven seasons of South Park on DVD . Only buy the seasons that follow if you 're a hardcore fan and want to see every episode . Although even Seasons 8 and 9 have some good episodes , South Park has become incredibly inconsistent in quality . This season is the last truly great season of South Park , although it does pale in comparison to the first six .
 This is South Park 's seventh season release , and over the years they progressively get better and better . This season features numerous classics and best exposes the madness of the Cartman character . Meanwhile , the South Park writers Trey Parker and Matt Stone have just recently finished up the 9th season of the show , and I suspect the show could continue for 5-6 more years.The first disc opens with `` Cancelled '' , an episode about Earth being a Reality TV show . The classic line from this
 To some south park fans the earlier seasons are best.Well the more they go the better they are , not all of the episodes are funny but the ones that are funny are better than the older ones.Its a more mature south park that some fans like more than the previous seasons.I agree but i like every season so to me that opinion is okay , it changed , no matter what you say it changed.But some things never dies like Kenny who came back after not being there in the season 6 , he appears on the final seconds of the season.I own season 6 but i got to say that Kenny is missing , now he ` s back!I think that you can expect to get kinda same special features , comentaries , comedy central prewiew ... but i would buy it for the episodes of coursehere is a list of the episodes that will be included in the 7th season ; 704-Cancelled702-Krazy kripples703-Toilet paper701-I ` m a little bit country705-Fat butt and pancake head706-Lil ` crime stopper707-Red man ` s greed708-South park is guay ! 709-Christian rock hard710-Gray dawn711-Casa bonita712-All about the mormons ? 713-Butt out714-Raisins715-Its christmas in canadaThese are the 15 episodes from season 7 that will come out march 21 of this year ` o6 so dont miss it when it will come out!recomended To all s-p fans .
 I love all the episodes in this season of South Park ! I love when Jimmy and Timmy join the Crips . I love when Cartman makes a hand-puppet and names her Jennifer Lopez . I love when they become detectives . I love when they try to be gay . I love when all the old people try to take over . I love when Rob Reiner tries to ban smoking . I love all these and more ! If you love South Park , you 'll love SOUTH PARK
 There have been some people giving reviews of Season 7 having a bad audio quality but I live in UK and , after having bought the season despite my worries about these problems , my set is great ! Either some DVD players are just screwed up when it comes to playing Season 7 or Comedy Central have re-released the set with a much , much better audio quality.Some fab episodes too , with Casa Bonita being my all time favourite South Park episode - Cartman 's evil side really shines through here , and you feel real sorry for that ` blonde lil ' boy ' Butters!Anyway , I did n't experience any problems and my verdict is the set is fantastic and has some great episodes and some classic moments ! If you 're a fan then buy it now !
 If you are like me then you have already seen these episodes over and over , but you simply HAVE to own them . I have no doubt South Park is going to be one of those Landmark television media successes that will go into the history books as not just a controversal cartoon that dared to talk about issues that most shy from , in a candid manner that has had jaws dropping ever since the program first aired , but also as an incredibly insightful commentary of today 's culture and society .
 I was raised Mormon so I specifically bought this edition for the episode that speaks of the Joseph Smith story etc. ... I was hysterical !!!! I am no longer an active Mormon , but my dad is and even he had a coronary !
 not much to add to other msgs . another great season from two of the greatest comedy writers ever .
 South Park fans will love this seventh season ! whats not to love , for you people who do not know `` South Park `` well lets just say you better have an open mind , and a sence of humor , this is not your typical little kid cartoonit is geared towards teens and adults .
 I cant say enough about the hours of enjoyment we experienced from watching South park.My daughter can imiate Eric Cartman to a T . We recieved our shipment in a very timely manner - the packageing looked almost brand new-not a scratch on any of the disks-We definately got what we paid for - i would buy from this seller againSouth Park - The Complete Seventh Season
 This film simplifies how anti smokers use any tactic to change , de-normalize and criminalize behavior of others . The anti smokers always use the mantra of `` for the children '' . Well the children in this film expose the dishonesty and evil intent of those that impose their will on others to satisfy their personal preference .
 one of the best cartoons ever . well worth the money . mini commentaries are fun to listen to as well .
 Either you love South Park or you hate it . I LOVE IT . I have all of the Seasons and they get watched all the time . It is crude humor so if you are easily offended do n't purchase this item .
 I 'll be honest , I only purchased this set because of the Mormon episode . I 've had that Tivo 'd for almost 2 years , but wanted to send this to someone who was raised as a Mormon -LRB- but came to his senses as an adult -RRB- . All the South Park episodes are -LRB- crude but -RRB- hysterical .
 What is offensive to one is hilarious to millions . South Park continues to steamroll political correctness in season 7 . My favorite episode is `` Grey Dawn '' , where the town takes action against elderly drivers . It was especailly timely where I am from , we had 3 incidents involving elderly drivers versus buildings in less than 2 weeks -LRB- a Cracker Barrel restaurant , a Chase bank and a Kroger grocery store -RRB- . I 'm a Little Bit Country , Lil ' Crime Stoppers , Red Man 's Greed , Raisins , and It 's Christmas in Canada are also totally hilarious . I love what a little manipulative b@st@rd Cartman is , especially in Casa Bonita and Christian Rock Hard . The creators of South Park love to use song , pop culture references and sight gags . They mock everything from music sharing , gangs , reality TV , Hooters , Mormons , Indian casinos , New Foundland , stem-cell research , and the metroseual craze without apology .
 Great fun ! SouthPark is too fun to watch and great for college dorm-living get-togethers .
 this is 1 of south parks best seris its has so many great epidsodes such as casa bonita toliet paper south park is gay nd many more hialarious epidsodes u must buy if ur a south park fan .
 I LOVE this season of south park . It has classic episodes like Casa Bonita and Faith plus 1 . I think this season is worth buying just for those 2 episodes !!
 The seventh season is hilarious . So are eight and nine . Mr. Garrison becomes Mrs. Garrison .
 I did n't even know that the seventh season was out until not to long ago . THis season is so great . I thought the sixth season was the best but this is way better .
 Oh Yes People yet more south parkI just ca n't get enough of it and neither can youPre Order NOW
 This show is so smart and funny . They always find ways to surprise me show after show , year after year . A must have for any fan of the series .
 A fan of the show will not have to be convinced to buy this season , or any season . But , for anyone who has not regularly watched the show , get this season , if for no other reason than the Jennifer Lopez episode.I have never laughed so hard at a South Park episode in my life . Funniest episode of any season , in my opinion .
 This season hosts the episode `` Fatt Butt and Pancake Head '' , which is by far one of , or possibly the best episode of `` South Park '' ever!This satirical spoof of Jennifer Lopez is proof that intelligent and rude comedy like `` Monthy Python '' still is possible and existant . I love it ! If only all television can be this adventurous and daring , we 'd all have alot more to entertain us . Why the makers of South Park targeted Jenny is unknown to me , but still serves as great entertainment and satire.I ca n't wait for the DVD and see the J.lo episode again ... it 's worth buying the whole box set for this one episodeQ
 Another fantastic season of South Park , a season that keeps abreast of the current situation and keeps the scathing parody coming . The pretentiousness of some of the reviewers is really remarkable . This is not brain surgery - this is cartoon parody , and well placed parody at that . It just could be that some of the negative reviews result from the fact that Matt & Trey do n't spare the liberal nuts the bashing they merit ; most comedy of this generational genre focuses only on conservative foibles . Hats off to the South Park creators for not sparing lunacy whatever the subject 's politics . Does it offend you ? Maybe you should look for the flaw in your own weave ; otherwise , turn it off and go watch whatever your `` perfect '' leaders -LRB- liberal or conservative -RRB- tell you is appropriate . Meanwhile , the rest of us will be having a great time laughing at the silliness that emerges from both sides of the political fence as the gang from South Park embodies .
 I have to say that every episode in this season is a hit , NO dull or drug-out episodes . Must-have for any SP fan .
 This item was purchased as a Christmas present for a good friend . It arrived promptly , and he reports he is extremely pleased with it .
 The seventh season was the season that got me hooked to south park . Specifically episode number 712-all about the mormons . That was the first episode that got me into the show , and I have n't stopped watching since . The season list includes the following :704 - Cancelled702-Krazy kripples703-Toilet paper701-I ` m a little bit country705-Fat butt and pancake head706-Lil ` crime stopper707-Red man ` s greed708-South park is guay ! 709-Christian rock hard710-Gray dawn711-Casa bonita712-All about the mormons ? 713-Butt out714-Raisins715-Its christmas in canadaalso favorites from this season include 701-I 'm a little bit country , which has the kids working on a report to present at the Anti-War/Pro-war rallies . I just love cartman 's flashback in time to 1776 . Also , episode 709-Christian hard rock , Cartman and his band Faith +1 make it big in christian music to try and score a platinum album before Kyle does , all over a $ 20 bet . Finally , Episode 708-South Park is Guay ... What can I say . . Crab People ... who the heck thinks of Crab People.In all , this is the season that continues to have me in stitches , and if you can only own one season of southpark , I believe this is the one . I myself have them all , but this is the season I believe stands above the rest .
 `` South Park '' is the bomb digity . And with Season 7 it only gets better . Cartman is my favorite character because he is so mean and fat.There 's a total of 15 episodes from Season 7 : Cancelled First aired
 South Parks comedy is simply hysterical . You find yourself saying this is so wrong while your on the floor laughing . It 's shows like this that grab not only our attention , but show us just how insane the world we live in is . Because we all know the only reason one would n't like it , is because the boys of South Park rip on you , your family and your ideas and religious beliefs ... which tend to be hysterical in their own part . So if you 're able to laugh at others and most importantly yourself , the South Park seasons are by far a great buy . And if you do n't buy it then your Dum dum dum dum dum ...
 By the time South Park entered it 's seventh season -LRB- beginning with it 's 100th episode -RRB- , it was clear that creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone had no plans of toning things down . The historic opening episode `` Canceled '' found the series hitting a milestone with it 's 100th episode , as Stan , Kyle , Cartman , and Kenny learn that Earth and everything about it is a reality show for aliens , and it 's about to be canceled . This episode is n't the funniest the series has to offer , but it sure has it 's moments -LRB- `` suck my jag-on !!! '' -RRB- . Later on , handicapped kids Timmy and Jimmy join a gang , kind of ; as well as an instant classic with `` Christian Rock Hard '' , in which Cartman creates a Christian rock group . Of course , the standout episode of season seven is `` Fat Butt and Pancake Head '' when Jeniffer Lopez and Ben Affleck come to town when Cartman 's JLO hand puppet gets a record contract . `` Raisans '' will leave you with your jaw hanging open , as a Hooters-like restaurant chain comes to South Park , only it 's for kids . There was no shortage of creativity in the seventh season of South Park , and while it may score some misses here and there ; for the most part it 's another off the wall and ungodly hilarious season of everyone 's favorite potty-mouthed pre-adolescents .
 I have read the reviews about this being just an OK season , and some have called it the last truly funny year of South Park . In my opinion it 's the exact opposite . I feel that season 7 is where South Park became an intelligent animated comedy and lost the `` poo poo-pee pee '' humor that had originally made it famous ; similar to when the Simpsons realized that `` Do n't Have a Cow Man ! '' was n't going to carry it much further and remade itself into a smarter show . Within this season are the beginnings of the genius that was to ultimately manifest itself in the first few episodes of season 8 -LRB- which in my opinion is the pinnacle of South Park -RRB- . Season 7 has `` Faith Plus One , '' Cartman 's christian rock band , the Casa Bonita episode , the introduction of the goth kids who think everything in life is `` paaain , '' and the all-time , hands-down , greatest episode the show ever produced
 As far as I 'm concerned the 6th season is when South Park took a turn for the better , and the 7th just improves on how the show changed . Most people who talk bad about this show only saw the early season -LRB- which I also love -RRB- but you ca n't help but admit the show has matured and still keeps the childish humor . Afterall , the whole point of the show is to view our society through the eyes of a child which sometimes makes things more straight forward . Whats most suprising is that although it seems to judge everyone equally , as the show goes on it seems all to apparent that their main aim for attack are all the liberals -LRB- which can be justified by how much conservatives get ripped on nowa days -RRB- . I am liberal but can still laugh at myself and the way some of my friends act sometimes . Too often this show is judged to be something its not , people just do n't look close enough . It really is intelligent and creative , and only gets better when you get into the 8th season -LRB- one of the most consistenly funny set of episodes in any season , any show -RRB- . Only Trey Parker and Matt Stone can get away with making a show that will literally talk about anything , no matter who it offends , and still make us laugh .
 I thoroughly love this show and always find it entertaining . Having grown up in Colorado , their insights into the bizarre landmarks & routines have always been spot-on - especially in the `` Casa Bonita '' episode . If you 've never been to this landmark -LRB- which is STILL OPEN , thank god -RRB- , you must go . This was my first job , and was especially pleased that they called it out ; the humor , animation , `` bad bart 's cave '' , and everything else made me laugh in histerics for months .
 Season 7 of South Park has several of my all-time SP favorites
 My husband and I have been watching it in bed this week with our Kindle Fire . Love it -- wish there were more like it to rent on Amazon Instant Video ! My ancestors are from Newfoundland , and one day I hope to visit this magical place .
 My four year old son will sit and watch this even though he insists he does not want to learn Chinese and prefers to watch cartoons . It moves pretty slowly , but it does have entertaining features , such as real animal photos , funny masks , and video of kids playing on the beach . The speakers are not native , but they seem to be taking care to speak clearly and use correct inflections . There is a decent amount of repetition . Even though my son refuses to repeat any of the words , I think it is training his ear to pick up Chinese more easily later . I find the pin ying subtitles helpful and wish they were provided throughout , instead of just the first time each word is introduced and during the recap at the end .
 I love good Satire . The trend that started with the film Airplane , grew into Police Academy and then Scary movie and now into this film Date MovieI go to these type of movies to see how they can throw in Kill Bill with Shallow Hall and make it work . It steals from all the romantic movies of the last 15 years and makes it FUN . The plotline is thin , but the plot are also thin in Airplane and Scary Movie , it is more a slapstick gag fest.Buffy 's Alyson Hannigan is the glue that holds this film together . She seems to have fun with comedy . She does have a flair . To me , this works . Date Movie is a joke a minute piece ... of there is a joke that dont get you , there will be another in a few seconds that will.If you are going for great story or great cinema-DONT GET THIS ONE . Sophomoric is a great way to describe any of these satires ... from Airplane to this . Its a popcorn film for those who love midnight madness movies . I suggest pair this film with Grandma 's Boy -LRB- see my review -RRB- for a night for entertainmentI think this type of film is like MAD magazine , ITS good for a evening 's few laughes and then throw it awayBennet Pomerantz , AUDIOWORLD
 this movie is funny i love it . we all need these nonsense make no sense movies . i love parody films date movie rocks
 I 'll have to admit i havent seen the scary movies at all and i found date movie funny . Then again i can laugh at anything . i just have to say if you dont have a easy sense of humor like me . I wouldent watch it . I am easily amused and patient while my sister tried to watch it 2 times and ended up saying she couldent . i liked it so much i would point out . thats from meet the parents !!!!!! fever pitch !!!!!! duplex !!!!!!! I loved it . did anyone catch , remember the baby in the cAR , ` JACK ' he said his first word biatch . when they were throwing stuff out of the camper , I saw ` jack ' get thrown out saying biotch . lol i found that funny . but down straight , if you dont have a easy sense of humor i wouldent watch it .
 You guys really need to get a sense of humor here . Yes , it is childish , yes it is adolescent and yes it is very stupid but there are parts that are damn funny . I really liked this movie and you have to watch it like you are viewing the absurd which you are . This movie is for people that like parodies of other movies taking it to the extreme . I recommend this movie to anyone that has a sense of humor for the absurd . So , put a smile on , sit back and laugh . It wo n't crack your face .
 I somewhat agree with the person that said `` this movie has a sophisticated sense of humor that I believe only eastern and west coast people will get . '' and the other person that said it truly did have a story line . I watched it with my husband who is 17 yrs older , making him in his 60 's ... he laughed sooo hard during the movie that I think he may have missed some of it and he continued to laugh all night long ! We have a cat that looks just like the one in the movie & I 'd been after him to let me try and toilet train her and the rest of our kitties so this just added to the laughter each time she came around.I would not recommend this movie for my mother or others that are offended by everything . This is a movie that we will keep around when there is nothing else to watch or when we need to forget our problems . I will recommend it to those that like practical jokes and those that really know how to laugh . Not everyone knows how to laugh and so this movie would n't be for them . It 's hard to say too much about it because I do n't want to ruin the surprise element that this movie uses . It is n't a first date movie nor one to show at a family gathering because someone is bound to get insulted . It 's just plain funny !
 Here 's some notes on what I thought , I know its a PG-13 Rating , but a lot of these movies with that rating are good for mid-twenty year olds like myself ! -LRB- I 'll be 27 in Sept. -RRB- I started watching Date Movie , and had to come back to it , but then decided that once I began watching it again for the 2nd time , I could take some notes !!! Here is a little list I 've come up with , that may in fact answer some questions out there ! Here are the definite movies used with stars , and the ones without a star * -LRB- I 'm just guessing -RRB- But I have a ton of movies like 4-5K titles :2000 -2006 references : bridget jones diary * napolean dynamite * my best friend 's wedding * -LRB- 1995 -RRB- jerry maguire * -LRB- mid to late 1990 's -RRB- my big fat greek wedding * meet the parents * -LRB- late 1990 's to 2005 -RRB- meet the fockers * hitch * legally blonde * -LRB- late 1990 's to 2003ish -RRB- the bachelor * princess diaries * star wars * when harry met sally * -LRB- early-mid to late 1990 's -RRB- girls gone wild * the wedding planner * -LRB- late 1990 's -RRB- shallow hal * how to lose a guy in 10 days * michael jackson * sweet home alabama * -LRB- 2002 -RRB- the lord of the rings * along came polly * -LRB- 2002 ish -RRB- paris hilton * -LRB- burger ad -RRB- pretty woman * -LRB- late 80 's to early 1990 's -RRB- mr. and mrs. smith * best buy endorsement * commercial endorsements for dunkin donuts * well duhblackberry -LRB- software development -RRB- * the ` Trio 650 ' handheld -LRB- portable -RRB- * 50 cent 's ` candy shop ' * what women want * -LRB- starring mel gibson -- love this part !!!! -RRB- -LRB- very late 1990 's like 1998 or 1999 -RRB- britney spears * -LRB- - and kevin federline - -RRB- -LRB- - eew - -RRB- kill bill * I 'm not sure on these , but I really have faith that they 're somewhat accurate , here 's a few movie titles/themes/TV Shows , etc. ... that I think were referenced in ` Date Movie ' : Anger Management -LRB- maybe with the food all over the place on her -RRB- The Sweetest Thing -LRB- and it was almost confirmed when I saw the pastor -RRB- maybe the waitress theme from ` It Could Happen to You ` high fidelity -LRB- the song I was told -RRB- the movie that people cracked the mirror in - perhaps the Grudge ` you got served -LRB- I was told -RRB- pam anderson -LRB- HC -RRB- monster-in-lawlittle black book -LRB- I know I 'm pretty sure on this one , but ca n't remember exactly -RRB- the guru -LRB- perhaps -RRB- the price is right -LRB- music -RRB- extreme makeover -LRB- mixed with the bachelor , perfect idea -RRB- nip/tuck -LRB- it has to be , I mean come on -RRB- -LRB- with the whole mayonnaise container-that is so nip/tuck ! -RRB- the mask -LRB- when they unmask her -RRB- sex and the city -LRB- charlotte got her face licked , I know that 's for sure -RRB- pimp my ride -LRB- definitely !!! -RRB- -LRB- and with the garage doing alyson hannigan 's whole get-up , I 'm positive -RRB- are we there yet ? -LRB- the way the hitch character is dressed -RRB- -LRB- also the spinning rims on the SUV , come on -RRB- cast away -LRB- I 'm pretty sure ? -RRB- -LRB- anyone ? -RRB- uptown girls -LRB- square staircase perhaps -RRB- there 's something about mary/duplex -LRB- perhaps a little of each ? for the older neigbor woman scenes -RRB- raising helen -LRB- maybe a little influence with the Indian actress and the sperm sample -RRB- well that 's what I think and for all those people out there who think the themes are so dated , GUESS AGAIN
 You have to like REALLY distasteful , over the top humor to love Date Movie . The humor is pretty frequent , gross and intense all the way through . However , I have to disagree with the people who say the movie did n't tell a story . Maybe it 's not a GOOD story , but a story is clearly there and understandable.You could easily follow along to the story , and the actual storyline segments were located at just the right moments , so it 's not like the entire film was just one disgusting joke after another . There 's a story there , and you do n't have to look hard for it either.I think the diarrhea cat on the toilet was the best joke.If you like this movie , check out Not Another Teen Movie for more of the same .
 this is one of the funniest movies ! some parts are silly funny but you 'll be cracking up ! &#34; what are ya hungry ?!?! &#34; so funny !
 Ok , first things first , if you do n't like goofy comedy , do n't watch this , but if you loved Mel Brooks goofy movies , naked gun , etc. . You will probably like this movie . I have already watched it twice , once by myself , and the second time with two other people . We all thought it was funny and had a blast trying to figure out the spoofs , so far we came up with the fockers , Mr + Mrs Smith , the wedding planner , Pimp my ride , Star Wars , Kill Bill , The paris hilton Carl 's Jr commercial mixed in with Jessica Simpson 's music video -LRB- not a fan of Jessica Simpson , so do not remember the song , just remember the music video came out right after the Movie about the dukes of hazzard -RRB- any it 's goofy , parts might make ya cringe , but I still laughed all the way through it . I am glad I got the DVD instead of watching it on pay per view on tv , the extra features are good especially the alternate/deleted scenes .
 Yes , It is one of those no brainers that you see for nothing more than to have a lot of laughs , and you have to have a little bit of a warped sense of humor to like it , I suppose , but I was surprised at the bad reviews this got.It is every bit as funny as the `` scary movie '' series ... maybe even funnier.Just like it says on the jacket
 Date Movie delivers enough laughs for milk to come out of your nose . It 's mostly about a girl who is overweight , until she is pimped out by the Pimp My Ride guys and becomes a beautiful , skinny woman . Then , she meets a man , and he meets her parents , who are crazily drunk all the time . She then comes across a sexy ex-girlfriend of his , who wants him so badly still . It 's really hard to explain all of this on here , but that 's basically the story . The movie spoofs such romantic comedies as Just Friends , Meet The Parents/Fockers , My Big Fat Greek Wedding , When Harry Met Sally , and My Best Friend 's Wedding . Others include the television show Pimp My Ride , Kill Bill , and a sexy Paris Hilton commercial . The film overall is a hilarious spoof enjoyable for those who love a good laugh .
 i loved this movie ! it was so funny ! everyone hates it but its so good ! it might be my new fave !!!! forget these peoples reviews and see it !!
 This movie is so funny , it 's like the scary movie 's , I wonder if it 'll get as big as the scary movie . Don ' think so cause they have more out .
 I love this movie . Its so funny and it can in great condition .
 Date movie has it 's moments there are about 10 laughs in the movie but it 's understandable . THe only part that is confusing is the kill bill moment I just do n't get it ? Overall it 's pretty good . The farting cat , the dancing in the beginning , and the mr. and mrs. smith spoof were the best parts of the movie .
 I ca n't believe that I actually liked everybody in this film . Each actor did his part -LRB- spoof -RRB- to a tee . Some hilarious scenes -LRB- and a couple of dumb ones -RRB- and one of the sexiest girls I 've seen in a movie in a long while -LRB- Sophie Monk -RRB- . I do n't know what some other reviewers were expecting but this movie makes you laugh out loud and feel good . That 's what I expect from a good comedy and this one delivered .
 I was in the hotel room and i rented this movie on the tv i loved every min . of it i love this movie . I love . It is one of the best movie in the world.Okay I will tell you the stroy.Juile Jones was a fat chubby lady . She wanted to find her Prince Charming . Until one day the diner she sees the man of dreams while serving coffee . Then when she meets hitch he pimps her out . And on the tv show she sees the man at the diner . She finds out his name and his name is Grant . Then she meets Grants best man.Then his best man ends up being A young and sexy lady named Andy . Then Andy wants to be married to Grant . Then andy askes for 1 last kiss . And Juile sees them kiss and runs away . Then he buys all of this stuff and he wants to meet her on top of a building and he has been up there for a long time and he leaves ... . Find out more when you watch the 1 movie !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I am a 13 year old child , who not only likes this movie , but loves it . I find it so hilarious , that i have seen it twice in the past week . If you are a stiff , then no do n't see this movie or you will be grossed out . But I must say , its a really jokes movie , and all the spoofs are awesome !!
 great cast and excellant acting a very funny movie one for the hall of fame
 From the folks who brought us Spy Hard -LRB- 1996 -RRB- and the Scary Movie horror spoof series -LRB- the first arrived in 2000 -RRB- , Date Movie is a spoof of modern romantic comedies . The flow of comedy material is similar to the Scary Movies . Roughly , from scene to scene , different films are spoofed , with a couple overarching spoofs acting as the vehicles , and the style of humor has an emphasis on absurdism and pushing-the-boundaries outrageousness . So if you 've seen any of the Scary Movies , you should know what to expect here , and if you 've enjoyed them and you have some familiarity with romantic comedies , you should enjoy this film also.I 've seen the first three Scary Movies so far and I 've loved all three . I also enjoyed Date Movie a lot . Anyone who knows me knows I love absurdist humor -LRB- well , and absurdist seriousness , too -RRB- . I also like most of the cast here , and I 've seen most of the rom-coms that serve as spoof material . You would n't need to be familiar with source material to find this funny , but I think it helps . I laughed aloud during most scenes , and I do n't think my face was absent a smile very often . The spoofs are threaded together in a way that makes an amusing , crazy , rom-com like story . You could even find more intellectual themes and subtexts here , but that would be missing the point by a large margin . As Jerry Lewis once said on `` The Dick Cavett Show '' , `` Sometimes a fat lady joke is just a fat lady joke '' . What 's perplexing to me is noting that as of this writing , Date Movie has a 2.7 average from 9,715 votes on IMDb and is currently number 67 on the Bottom 100 list . I can only guess that such a negative overall assessment will probably relax in the future , but what the heck are the complaints about the film ? Are a lot of people really heading into a film like Date Movie not knowing what kind of humor to expect ? Let me head off to some of the reviews to see what 's going on ... ... Alright , I 'm back . Well , the majority of negative criticism seems to fall under a couple categories . First , a few comments are complaining that the humor is `` crude '' , `` disgusting '' , etc. . Similarly , some people seem to not care much for absurdist humor . It 's fine to have those different tastes , but if those folks know that , why would they watch Date Movie -LRB- and especially pay for it at the theater or on DVD ? -RRB- I guess those folks did n't know what to expect . They must have never seen one of the Scary Movies , or they 're not aware enough to have realized that Date Movie would have the same kind of humor ; there 's hardly anything here that 's more risqu&eacute; or crazy than in the Scary Movies.For the second group of negative critics , a couple people seem to not have been able to follow the film . Also , a number of people seem to have been trying to read `` Date Movie '' as a legitimate rom-com rather than as a spoof of rom-coms . A couple people do n't seem to understand the idea of a spoof very well . It 's probably best if I refrain from commenting on these situations , as I would n't be able to say anything very pleasant about those folks ' intellectual capabilities.The bottom line , like always , is to be familiar with your own tastes . Know what you tend to like and why . Then all you have to do is garner a couple basic facts about a film -LRB- such as its genre , who produced , wrote and directed it , etc. , maybe a brief account of the premise , and so on -RRB- , and you should be able to make an intelligent decision about what to watch so that you do n't waste your time and money . Too many people seemed to have watched and reviewed Date Movie who were n't good candidates for the film . Of course , there were also some well written , well though-out reviews from people who disliked Date Movie and who were good candidates for it , but those are few and far between.As for me , I loved it , but I subtracted one point for the fact that it peters out in the end a bit . It does n't help that this is a short film and feels it -LRB- the unrated version is only 85 minutes including about 10 minutes of credits -RRB- . But otherwise , Date Movie is excellent for people who like this type of film .
 This movie is crazy , silly , wacky , dumb , stupid , and weird , but I love it anyway . It 's a great spoof film that picks at the chick flick genre , and many others such as My Big Fat Greek Wedding , Hitch , Meet the Parents , My Best Friend 's Wedding , Kill Bill , and many others . An obese woman named Julia Jones thinks she will never find true love . After Hitch pimps her out , she goes on The Extreme Bachelor , and the bachelor is a man named Grant who begins to fall in love with her . Julia 's dad does n't approve of him because Grant is n't a Greek Indian Japanese Jew . Grant 's ex-girlfriend comes along and tries to split them up . If you have a weird sense of humor like me , I highly recommend DATE MOVIE !!!
 It was an ok movie . I 'm just saying what i think , but they needed a girl who was n't flat as a board for the main girl , just sayin ' . A good comedy , i 'd definetly watch it again . Loved the Napoleon Dynamite spoof at the begining . I say see it , especially if you like romantic comedies .
 Love it , Alyson Hannigan is a genius for doing this movie . She is spectacular .
 The movie was very good . Everyone is saying that it stunk from the reviews but , they are so wrong . They say it did n't make them laugh . It made me laugh ... I think you should see the movie for yourself and trust me , it 's worth your money .
 THIS IS ONE OF THE FUNNIEST MOVIES I HAVE * EVER * SEEN !!!! I THOUGHT IT WAS HILARIOUS AND VERY WELL DONE . I WAS EXPECTING IT TO BE REALLY POOR BECAUSE OF THE NUMEROUS NEGATIVE REVIEWS BUT I LOVED IT ! MY HUSBAND AND I LAUGHED OUT LOUD SEVERAL TIMES . `` DATE MOVIE '' IS VERY , VERY FUNNY MOVIE . IT IS 10X BETTER THAN THOSE STUPID `` SCARY MOVIE '' SPOOFS . IF YOU WANT TO LAUGH OUT LOUD AND OFTEN , WATCH THIS MOVIE !!!!!! 5 + STARS ! MY HUSBAND CA N'T WAIT TO BUY IT NOW !
 My son is really into these types of moves . Always good for a laugh . Not sure he understands everything but that is probably a good thing .
 I still think this is one of the funniest movies that I have ever seen . Probably have to be in the mood to see it and want to laugh a lot !
 I read some other reviews on this movie and decided to buy it for my PSP any ways since I love the scary movie franchise . I found that it was just outright HILARIOUS , one of the best movies I 've seen ; the plot is simple and the jokes are stale about 10 % of the time , but I still think you 'd find this movie just as funny !
 THIS WAS A VERY FUNNY MOVIE , IT KEPT YOU CHUCKLING ALL THE WAY TILL THE END . GOOD SHOW ... !!!!!!!!!!!
 I was n't expecting much at all but this is surprisingly one of the better of the recent parody movies . Alyson Hannigan shows she has some real comedic talent . I love her as Lily in How I met Your Mother but she does n't get to show just how funny she is , especially with physical comedy such as wearing the fat suit in this one . She 's long been the sidekick in movies and other TV shows as well such as Buffy the Vampire Slayer but shows with this she can play the leading role . I hope she keeps making How I Met Your Mother but I hope she gets more opportunities like this to be the leading comedy actor in future projects as she has talent I 'd never realised she had before.Some of the films this movie parodies scenes from are , Meet the Parents , Meet the Fockers , Pretty Woman , When Harry Met Sally , What Women Want , Kill Bill , Dodge Ball , Hitch , Shallow Hal , Book of Fate , Jerry Mcguire , Wedding Crashers , Mr and Mrs Smith , Lord of the Rings and King Kong.The parody character of Jinx the cat -LRB- from Meet the Parents -RRB- steals this movie though , watch it for his appearances alone .
 This movie is n't half as bad as people make it out to be . Of course , it 's dumb
 With not much effort one can add footnotes to the script showing the most recent sources for a good deal of the action . That would be of interest to film historians , but for most of us , it is enough to know that Bruce Willis is not only given the opportunity to please us and build box office with some good action sequences , but , also , is given a chance to show us that he is , indeed , an actor of some quality when given the opportunity -LRB- or , insisting on the opportunity , I should think , given his box office clout -RRB- . Mos Def and David Morse very ably play his garrulous prisoner and ex-partner . Not much else need be said in the light of the attention reviewer have paid to the film in the years since it was issued on DVD . I should think that fans of Willis and the other actor-actioneers will be much pleased by this offering .
 16 Blocks could possibly be Bruce Willis ' best movie . It 's certainly his best effort at character acting , at least until the last few scenes . He plays an aging , alcoholic , off the books cop whose job is to take a witness to the court house to testify against cops . Mos Def plays the witness , and he 's actually very , very good . Bruce Willis does very well at playing a drunken cop . Maybe he 's had some practice?The movie picks up steam when Willis has to shoot an assassin who is about to off his witness . From there , it 's a roller coaster ride that is fairly believable , and definitely fun , until about the last ten minutes , then things take a slide . But what the hey , it 's a fun movie . In fact , it 's the best Bruce Willis I 've seen since the original Die Hard . Another surprise is David Morse , who plays Willis ' ex-partner . Morse 's character is a corrupt cop who is in on a murder and is trying to stop Mos Def from testifying against him and Bruce Willis , as well as some other cops.On one hand , 16 Blocks is just another movie about corrupt NYC cops , on the other hand it is a reasonably good character study about a drunken cop who can realize the merits of justice when he sees it , even if he is plastered .
 16 Blocks / B000FFL2G6 * Spoilers * I went into `` 16 Blocks '' not knowing what to expect and my ignorance , I think , greatly increased my enjoyment of the movie.Willis stars as a jaded police officer , tired of the job , or his life , and most of all of himself . When he is asked to work overtime to transport a `` nobody '' witness to what seems to be a routine court hearing , he is overwhelmed when the witness turns out to be a key figure in a courthouse battle to expose police corruption throughout the force - an exposure that the police officers on the prowl through the city are absolutely determined to prevent.One of the most powerful things about this movie is the uncertainty generated throughout the film . It is often very difficult to create and sustain genuine suspense in movies , when movie goers are saturated with the common themes and easy answers of so many movies . `` 16 Blocks '' , however , keeps the viewer guessing.As the plot unfolds , the viewer grapples with the suspense and questions sustained and revealed through the course of the movie . Is Willis a good cop , ground down by a corrupt system and used to turning a blind eye -LRB- not unlike Oldman 's character inBatman Begins -RRB- ? Or is he part of the problem , a bad cop like the others , but one who has become so disgusted with himself that he decides to risk everything on this one chance at redemption ? Mos Def 's character is equally inscrutable at times
 This film turned out to be a surprisingly good , and I never heard of it . The plot is familiar , but the storyline does an interesting job of keeping it from being boring . Bruce Willis does an excellent job with his role , as do most other characters . There are twists and turns that are expected , but they are offset by others that keep the film going . Not necessarily one I would watch over and over , but well worth watching .
 THIS MOVIE KEPT ME LAUGHING THROUGHOUT DESPITE THE SERIOUS NATURE.A GREAT COMBINATION OF COMEDY & ROLLER COASTER ACTION . WE HAVE ALL BEEN TRAPPED ON A PLANE OR ELSEWHERE WITH A TALKAHOLIC WHO JUST CA N'T SHUT UP . lolA FAN
 In 16 Blocks -LRB- 2006 -RRB- made by Richard Donner -LRB- whose films include Superman -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , four Lethal Weapon movies , Maverick , Conspiracy Theory among others -RRB- , Bruce Willis plays Jack Mosley , a tired broken drunk detective in NYC . One morning , after his night shift is over , he gets an assignment to escort a witness-criminal named Eddie -LRB- Mos Def -RRB- to a grand jury hearing which 16 blocks away from headquarters is . The witness has to get to court in next 118 minutes but on the way somebody wants him dead and they have all means and determination to have it happen . The kid , like everyone calls Eddie is going to testify against corruption and drug dealing within the very police department where Jack used to work and where he has long time friends and colleagues , including his former partner for many years , Det. Frank Nugent -LRB- David Morse -RRB- . Now Jack and Eddie are against New York 's bravest and time is certainly not on their side while they are on the trip through 16 Blocks in Chinatown to make it in time to court and preferably alive.For the first 70 minutes I loved the film but then , the creators made an implausible turn in the script which made me cringe but even the way it turned , the movie was fun to watch - the combination of Action/Crime/Thriller almost always makes me happy . The DVD features an alternate ending which I like a lot and I wish it could make it to the theatrical release . It is more logical and fits the film but I can understand why the movie makers decided to go with the different ending . Another thing - you ca n't go wrong with Bruce Willis . The guy was born to play the tough cops who never give up and who are good in saving the city , the country , the world , the humankind or just one petty criminal and to give him a chance to re-start his life and do something out of it .
 16 Blocks is an action packed thrill ride guaranteed to keep you on the edge of your seats , from the beginning to the end.It concerns the story of a washed up old cop named Jack Mosley -LRB- Bruce Willis -RRB- . This is a beaten down man , with years of run of the mill details , with a career in stall and with a drinking problem.Just as Jack is about to book off after a long night at a baby sitting job at a crime scene , he is given a surprise detail.He is to take one witness , Eddie Bunker -LRB- Mos Def -RRB- ,16 Blocks from the precinct to the courthouse , as the grand jury awaits his testimony.Before he goes too far , Jack pulls his car up to a local liquor store to grab a picker-upper and some Advil.Unbeknownst to Jack and his charge , both have been followed from the get go by assassins out to kill Eddie.While Jack is busy inside an assassin comes up to the rear window asking Eddie to put down the window but a cuffed Eddie ca n't comply.He pulls out his gun and a shot rings out.Jack has , by chance , come out and seen what was happening and has killed the assassin.However a remaining assasin opens up on them and they both barely manage to escape.They take refuge in a local bar Jack frequents and a call for back up goes in.Detectives arrive led by Frank Nugent played brilliantly and coldly by actor David Morse.All seems fine until we realize these cops are not the `` marines '' but the bad guys.We learn Eddie is to testify against said cops but they want Jack just to look the other way as they dispose of him.Before they can carry it out Jack intervenes and both he and Eddie are on the run from the bad cops and the rest of the NYPD.Their escape attempts take them into some of the most seedy places of New York , both low and high , with the bad cops on their heels every step of the way.The films keeps a relentless pace of tension throughout.Jack and Eddie get into some hair-raising and seemingly impossible escape situations and just barely manage to come out of them ; and both receive gun shot wounds along the treacherous paths they must ineveitably follow.As the picture progresses more details of just how deep the corruption of the force is , are revealed.In the end we find out , to our surprise , that even Jack himself was deeply involved with the bad cops and that Eddies ' testimony could have put him away with the rest.Jack had always looked the other way in the past , but seeing the mechanism of corruption up close and personal for the first time , it finally twigged his conscious and he could n't ignore things any longer.Before he reaches the courthouse with Eddie , and after a smart exchange between ambulances , he lets Eddie go.He decides he will take his place.Eddie is free and Jack carries on to the courthouse and gets his evidence to the grand jury just barely before the 10 O'Clock deadline.This DVD is presented in the original theatrical version and also comes with a shot but never shown alternate ending.Both are great to have for comparisons sake , and both are equally compelling endings and make good fodder for discussion as to which is ultimately the more satisfying.The DVD also presents you with deleted scenes all with commentary by Richard Donner and his director.All in all this film is a VERY satisfying and tension filled thrill ride that shows you just how much excitment can be packed into a 16 Block radius , with the great talents of Willis , Def and Morse along to make it all happen as it should .
 Another violent film for Bruce Willis ... 16 Blocks , A great thrilling cop movie . Anyone who wants to see this film will enjoy it .
 16 Blocks proves that a gritty , realistic action movie can highlight someone doing the right thing without coming off as preachy or Pollyanna-ish . Bruce Willis is great is his portrayal of a police officer on the edge of falling into alcoholism and Mos Def is fabulous as an annoyingly chatty perp Willis ' character has to transport.The plot twists and surprises make this a great show .
 Last night 's bargain-rack movie was a Bruce Willis saga , `` 16 Blocks . '' It was an interesting movie in certain respects . It reminded me of how thankful I am not to be living in NYC , for example , as a number of Bruce Willis movies have done . Well , here Willis , a burned out NYC cop and weary from a very long-day 's work , was assigned the extra task of ttansporting a criminal from the jail house to the courthouse , a distance of 16 blocks . It 's a tough 16 blocks as a number of Willis 's associates do n't want the criminal to appear in court and are willing to do anything to stop it . Anything . Now , you might not think all that much could happen in a distance of only 16 blocks , but , remember , this is a Bruce Willis movie . In the movie , Bruce then managed to make an uneasy friendship with his prisoner , Mos Def , and the two finally managed to make it to the courthouse , albeit with a lot of death and destruction along the way.It 's an interesting movie . Well done . I do n't know how they ever managed under such crowded NYC conditions , but they did . A lot of bullets flew . Collateral damage wss everywhere and well done . The filming and sound was well done . The pacing was good and there 's no boredom . Bruce Willis looked very old and weary , but I guess that 's his part . Unlike other Willis movies , there 's no humor here . No romance either . It 's just one long grim task . It 's a well-worth-watching movie , but I would n't rate it among the best.Gary Peterson
 I thought this movie was going to be boring . I kept catching small clips of it on tv and thought it looked boring . I actually had time to sit down and watch it and it was so good I watched like 3 times in one day ! The acting in this movie was superb as well . Good script as well .
 The part he plays is different from the norm in personality , but Bruce come 's through none-the-less ...
 ` 16 Blocks ' may seem like a filler type film , a generic cop film that 's been done before and been done better , but when one sits down to watch this film , expecting nothing more than a time waster , they will soon realize it 's more than just mindless entertainment generated for pure profit , it 's a really good cop thriller with a beating heart and some wonderful performances to boot . It 's breathlessly paced , action packed and thought provoking , and while the plot may be somewhat regurgitated it stands tall thanks to stand out performances by the cast , Bruce Willis once again proving that despite his lack of Oscar nomination he 's still one of our greatest working actors . Director Richard Donner stages this film brilliantly , with twists and turns and unpredictable predicaments , and the scenes are shot with a gritty fluidity , nothing too choppy yet never too refined.Bruce Willis plays Jack Mosley , an alcoholic cop who 's pretty much given up on life . His wife has left him ; his job bores him and his who attitude and demeanor has suffered because of it . He 's plagued by guilt but is not willing to confront it . Then he 's forced to . Mosley begrudgingly agrees to transport Eddie Bunker 16 blocks across town where he 's going to testify against a group of corrupt cops , cops that Jack is close with , maybe even guilty alongside . Mosley and Bunker are n't far from the police station before these cops attack in an effort to kill Bunker , stopping him from testifying . Mosley decides to protect Eddie instead of turn him over to the slaughter and thus begins an exhilarating ride while they race to make it to the court house in time for Bunker to testify before time runs out.Willis is effortlessly convincing as an overweight , down and out cop . I 've always been a fan of his diversity , and while the cop role may not be a new one for Willis he gives us more than just a reflux performance but creates a totally new character in Jack Mosley and does so with acting bravado . Rapper Mos Def delivers a spot on performance as wise-cracking chatter box Eddie Bunker . Everything is original , from his stagger to his voice and he adds layers to his performance with each passing frame . Another standout performance is found in David Morse . I must say that I am becoming more and more smitten with this man . He 's a brilliant actor , and delivers a solid , Oscar worthy performance just about every time . Here is no exception . He 's fantastic here as Frank Nugent , the dirty cop heading the head hunt for Bunker . He 's smart , witty and completely evil . '16 Blocks ' is exciting , entertaining and memorable , thanks to a tight script that avoids falling into predictability and avoids using the same tired clich&eacute;s . It 's a wonderfully painted canvas for some great acting and the directing deserves quite a few nods in its favor as well . I stand by the belief that the academy will soon honor Willis with a much deserved acting nomination for in almost everyone of his diverse roles , from ghost to superhero , cop to boxer he 's delivered top notch performances investing all he has into what he 's given . Sit back and enjoy the ride , it 's one you wo n't regret .
 My kind of movie . Not an Oscar award candidate film but entertaining . Lots of action , drama and decent performances .
 OK I am a huge Bruce Willis fan . I thought he was a great actor and now I am convinced . Willis turns himself into a middle age stumbling , bumbing cop . One that is believable and yet still is able to illicit your empathy ; he does thisby showing how a man who has given up on himself rises from the ashes of his own mistakes and realizes that his own dignity is worth saving . Willis must have that realization cemented within his own core to portray that character so well . So totally does Willis succeed that you are pulling for Mosley -LRB- Willis -RRB- , and for me that is a great moment when I feel like jumping out my seat and applauding . Ok confession number two I am also a big Mos Def fan . I actually do n't know who did a better job Mos or Willis . Luckily both characters are so different and play off each other so well that it is pure enjoyment . Mos captures the charm , the humour , and honesty of a convict so willing to be himself that Mosley inmediately bonds with their attempt for redemption.Last but not least is David Morse . Morse plays the bad cop , He generally does an excellent job . Sometimes his portrayal borrows a little too much ofChristopher Walken.New York was a great backdrop . How they filmed all the action within that busy City I would love to know.One great exciting movie .
 If you are a fan of Bruce Willis , how can you not like this movie ? This is definitely one of his best films and it really does have a good replay value . It is n't all action , even though it has it 's share of it , but it also has great drama . It 's not that tense watching the film thinking that they may be caught by the bad cops they are trying to evade , but it is enjoyable to watch . The actor who plays the man Willis is escorting really does add to the film , his constant talking and Willis ' silence mixes well . Overall , if you love action and exciting movies , this is one you need to see .
 Okay , first things first . I rented this DVD for two main reasons . I love most movies with Bruce Willis playing an urban cop , and I love most Richard Donner movies ! That being said , this movie was great!Now , about Mos Def . I 'm sorry , but I have to agree with many here
 This is a great film with wonderful performances by Mos Def , and Bruce Willis . A tried and true story type , but with enough twists and turns to keep one wondering what will happen . Perhaps predictable in some of the action sequences , but it is the in between story and dialogue that satisfies . The philosophy put forward is straightforward and gives the movie a satisfying edge that leads to a great conclusion .
 Despite being a film riddled with generic clich&eacute;s -LRB- good cop versus bad cops in the city -RRB- , 16 BLOCKS turns out to really be a film about grace and redemption . Bruce Willis plays Jack Mosley , an over-the-hill NYPD alcoholic police officer that is just biding his time until he can retire . As an afterthought , Mosley is given the assignment of escorting a key witness , Eddie Bunker -LRB- Mos Def -RRB- , 16 blocks from the police station to 100 Centre Street where he will be testifying . Mosley thinks it 's just going to be a walk in the park -- something to do before he goes home . He soon discovers that the assignment is anything but routine as every cop in the city wants Eddie Bunker dead . What follows is a race through the city that ends in illumination for all those involved.Richard Donner directed 16 BLOCKS and it is nice to see him back making the type of movies that he does so well -LRB- films about cops -RRB- . Bruce Willis and Mos Def give worthy performances and the film is worth seeing for their acting alone.Even though 16 BLOCKS has all the elements of a generic cop picture , the film , like the characters Willis and Mos Def play , rise above their surroundings to become something better . It is a very enjoyable movie .
 Bruce Willis is the master of the world-weary blue collar guy , mostly cops . He 's built perfectly for it , with his minimal hair , his physique and mostly his well-lived in face . By modulating himself a little bit , he can be the worn-out but still decent lead in HOSTAGE or the worn-out , seedy , alcoholic `` hero '' of 16 BLOCKS . He 's done this sort of part for so long ... PULP FICTION was in many ways the start ... his washed-up , punch-drunk boxer was a great role . Even his more heroic roles , such as in DIE HARD ... in which he 's not called upon to be world-weary are infused with a tiredness and a nearly palbable feeling of `` I just want this to be over so I can take a nap ! '' Other actors try this bit ... Kurt Russell in recent years springs to mind , or Ray Liotta in NARC ... but Willis is the current master . He has no ego coming to the front of his performances . I would assume that Willis is comfortable enough in his own skin , with his own accomplishments and with his wealth that he does n't care how bad he looks in a role . He 's a solid actor -LRB- not brilliant , but solid -RRB- who has found the niche he belongs in.In 16 BLOCKS , his cop is a drunk , and a corrupt drunk at that . He 's clearly at the end of his rope ... propped up by his fellow cops with simple chores such as sitting at a crime scene until the `` uniforms get here . '' Pretty bad when a detective is holding a crime scene for the uniformed cops ... who will then no doubt turn it over to detectives who can still function . Willis is given the chore of escorting a witness -LRB- MOS DEF -RRB- just 16 blocks away to the courthouse , where he must appear in two hours or less to testify before a grand jury.The plan is that Mos Def will be killed , and the hapless Willis wo n't be able to stop it . But Willis , much to his own suprise , thwarts the first attempt , and then must go on the run with his charge . I 'm not spoiling much to say that the people who want Def killed are cops themselves , and under the leadership of the always strong and oily David Morse , begin to tighten the noose on Willis.Mos Def 's character , a petty crook with aspirations to become a bakery chef -LRB- of all things ... do n't ask -RRB- , is a fast talking guy who just ca n't shut up , even when his silence would be really helpful . He does n't believe Willis can protect him , and he works hard to get away . Willis understands the depths of his dilemna , and finally forges a team of sorts with Def . Mos Def was amusing in HITCHHIKER 'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY , and he 's very different but still quite good here . He and Willis make a very odd couple indeed.If you 're looking for a movie with lots of action ... you 'll be disappointed . There are some modest shoot-outs and chases , but it 's mostly a game of wits and a game of waiting . We get to see Willis and others THINKING about what they are doing or should do . It 's an exciting movie , but in a tense , low-key way ... not in a DIE HARD way.The film builds to something of a predictable and perhaps not entirely believable conclusion . I wo n't say what happens , but the movie does teeter on the edge of TV movie sappiness . What saves it is that we 've invested a lot in the two main characters , and while I rolled my eyes a little at how things fell into place ... I was also relieved at how it all ended up . The movie is n't saying anything terribly new or earth-shattering . But it is offering up a gritty , contained and very tense scenario that is fun to get caught up in . And with Bruce Willis as the anchor , the film rises to higher level . I recommend the movie.For parents , there is some bad language . The violence is really not much worse than you 'd see on a TV action show . On the other hand , kids might be a bit bored by a movie that tells the story on its own terms ... not on typical Hollywood smash - 'em - up terms .
 Bruce Willis plays the aging cop trying to get a criminal to court to rat out some dirty cops.About what you would expect , some good action that 's well filmed ... Along with some pretty good acting . Yeah , It 's alot the the Gauntlet and it 's not totally new.So what?The action genre is what pretty much replaced the western genre ... ALot of the great western films were alot like . So what ? There is n't as much originality to be made as people think.Unorginality has always been a big part of macho male films . Why are people complaining so much about it now ?
 When I first saw Mos Def , I squealed . I love to see Mos Def in anything , be it music or film , but when I heard him doing that Gangstalicious -LRB- people who watch the `` Boondocks '' will know what I 'm talking about -RRB- voice , I was hoping he 'd cut it out soon . As I kept seeing him do scene after scene in that nasally voice , I dropped my head and wondered how I was going to handle the rest of this movie . As the movie progressed , I stopped concentrating on Mos Def and paid attention to the plot . From the bar scene on , this movie took off . I flew through it , and I thought it was very interesting . Considering my own opinions of police officers and how crooked cops are never showcased in the news , I appreciated this movie for showing the types of situations that would endanger informants/witnesses and why it 's so discouraging to report cops for their behavior . I watched both endings , and even though the second ending was depressing , it seemed more realistic . Pretty good movie !
 I 'll admit it , I 'm a sucker for movies that end with the down-and-out coming out on top . Pretty amazing chemistry between the characters Jack -LRB- Bruce Willis -RRB- , and Eddie -LRB- Mos Def -RRB- . Def 's whiny sing-song voice was a combination of funny and annoying . Loved the way it ended , but I heard there were some alternate endings in the special features , which I did n't get to see . Willis ' makeup was great , he looked like hell while he was on the run , and 10 years younger when he blows out the candles on his cake at the end . * spoilers * Loved the fact that Eddie named his bakery Eddie & Jack 's , and the pictures he sent were great , too . And of course there 's Willis ' signature line `` You 're killin ' me . ''
 If I were to compare this movie to others I would say its similar genre to Gauntlet -LRB- Clint Eastwood -RRB- and Witness -LRB- Harrison Ford -RRB- Good cop has to bring in witness to testify against bad cop chiefs , who recruit the entire police force to stop them getting to the court by any and all means . It even has a similar bus scene to Clint Eastwoods ' Gauntlet . Still enjoyable in its own way .
 Richard Donner -LRB- Lethal Weapon , Maverick , Conspiracy Theory -RRB- directs Bruce Willis in this somewhat unusual crime thriller about an over-the-hill , alcoholic , New York City cop -LRB- nothing new for Willis -RRB- assigned the task of escorting a witness to the courthouse . The witness , Eddie Bunker - played by Mos Def -LRB- Something The Lord Made -RRB- - is appearing in a case against a group of fellow cops . Jack was never meant to be the escort , and the witness was never meant to reach the courthouse . But Jack still has enough grit left to put up a good fight against the bad cops trying to stop Eddie , and the clock that is ticking , as he and his witness attempt to traverse the 16 blocks from the police station to the courthouse before the jury is dismissed.This is Donner at his action best . Willis is also excellent , and truly looks and acts the part of a worn out , self-abused cop , as he tries to do the right thing by helping Eddie , even though it puts him on the wrong side of former friends that are part of the corrupt group of cops . For those who are used to seeing Willis the action hero , healthy and in shape , prepare yourself
 One of the best films I 've seen in awhile . Both Bruce Willis and Mos Def play their roles in an ecellent fashion.Although this is n't anything new for Willis , he still manages to bring something `` extra '' to his character . While Mos Def plays his part ... exceptionally . Yes ! His characters voice is annoying , but that is part of his charm and appeal . He has that simple quallity about him that is believable -LRB- and likeable -RRB- ! I mean come on ... we all know someone in our personal lives that simply does not know when to shut up and tend to talk about the most irrelevant and strangest things possible.In contrast to a comment made in the review posed by someone else , I have added this movie to my DVD collection and I will watch it again.I would recommend it to others .
 Hollywood seems to think that there is n't a clean cop in the world , but that 's what makes interesting moviemaking , I guess . In 16 BLOCKS , an out of shape , worldweary Bruce Willis is assigned the job of taking a protected witness to the jury so he can squeal on some rogue cops . Trouble is the cops want him dead and expect Willis to go along with it.Willis begins to appreciate the honesty and positivity of his assignment , played well by Mos Def -LRB- although his voice is irritating and there were times I wished Willis would use duct tape , but Def seemed to understand his character well , so it 's a minor annoyance -RRB- . Director Richard Donner -LRB- THE OMEN , LETHAL WEAPON -RRB- , keeps the pace brisk and frenetic and garners strong performances from his two leads , as well as from the always reliable David Morse as the head villain cop . The movie has two endings , but I found the `` alternate '' one which ended up in the theaters the more appealing one . Refreshing too is the unusual minimal use of the `` F '' word which frequents these kinds of movies . All in all , a good genre entry .
 Bruce willis as always puts on a good acting job and Mos def also steps up to the plate to show the world his acting skills . The plot of the movie is decent but can be very predictable at times . The action in the movie is almost non stop from when the movie begins . The only down side to this movie is the annoying way they have Mos def 's character talk . It is like this whiny kind of mentally challenged voice . But once you get use to that this is a decent movie .
 Bruce Willis plays a disgraced , hungover detective who is assigned the responsibility to take a prisoner , Mos Def , sixteen blocks to the courthouse to testify before a grand jury . On the way , he discovers that certain cops want the witness dead . The bad guys are wearing white hats and badges in this movie which focuses on characters instead of gunfire.From production notes I found on the Warner Brothers site , I learned the story and great dialogue come from screenwriter Richard Wenk . '' ' I was intrigued by the idea of a man who had everything and quit , who meets a kid who 's never had anything and never gives up , and exploring how they would affect each other over the course of 118 minutes . ' `` Wenk conducted extensive research with New York City detectives and police officers to achieve the level of verisimilitude the story demands . ` The theme that kept coming out in our conversations was that they all have lines they will not cross , ' the screenwriter explains . ` You do n't always know where that line is , but when you get to it , that 's when you ca n't go on any more . And you break . ' `` This is my kind of action movie . It avoids oppressive foul language probably because of strong writing giving the actors real thoughts to communicate . Several times the story grows quiet to give the witness time to talk about his hope for a bakery in Seattle or for a debate on who should be trusted . Then it jumps forward with another step in the mindgame . This one is worth seeing .
 When I first saw the trailer for `` 16 Blocks '' , I immediately thought of the average Clint Eastwood film from 1977 `` The Gauntlet '' , where Clint 's average cop had to escort a prostitute from Las Vegas to Phoenix where she will testify in a mob trail that will end up having an impact on the Police Commissioner ; in the end , the cop and the witness must run a gauntlet of cops shooting at them while they try to crash the courthouse in a bus.I assume that `` 16 Blocks '' is a loose adaptation , but the similarities end with the premise . Bruce Willis plays an aging , overweight , and well past done NYPD detective who just works on getting through the day from one drink to the next when he is tapped by his boss to transport a grand jury witness from lockup to the courthouse - literally a distance of 16 blocks from each other . He is talked into the task , and after only one block of transporting the witness , he stops in traffic to get a bottle from the liquer store.This is when all hell breaks loose and the detective is thrust into events as a couple of gunman try to kill the witness . At first , he is ready to do anything to end the assignment until his old partner of 20 years shows up to the rescue only to try and kill the witness himself . The next 15 blocks and 90 minutes take us through the streets , buildings , and basements of New York in a running battle between the detective and some of New York 's less finest . Though there is a bus involved , it is not played out like the `` The Gauntlet '' ; and the detective 's road to redemption takes the viewer on a couple of twists and turns in a short `` 16 block '' distance .
 ... is that Bruce Willis still has not recieved any accolates for his acting . Sure , he was nominated for his performance in ` In Country ' at the Globes , but never once at the Oscars , and his past performances would merit more . Just look at his performance in ` The Sixth Sense ' ... I mean , Hayley and Toni got nods , why not Bruce ? What about ` The Whole Nine Yards ' ? He was perfect ! In '12 Monkeys ' he shone and yet Brad Pitt gets the oscar nod and Willis gets snubbed ... again ! His performance in ` Hostage ' last year and his performance here in '16 Blocks ' is gritty , real and spot on . Here Bruce plays burnt out cop Jack Mosley who has been given the assignment to take Eddie Bunker -LRB- Mos Def -RRB- 16 blocks to testify . The only problem is that Eddie is going to testify against some crooked cops , cops who do n't want to go down and are willing to kill Eddie and Jack if it means keeping them quiet . The film is fast paced and intence , and while some may find it predictable it will still have you anticipating each passing scene . Mos Def is a great actor , and while his voice is somewhat annoying , it finds itself humurous and thus forgivable . David Morse who plays Frank , the main baddie cop , is spectacular . He is so bad you actually really really hate him . I was praying someone would shot this guy , he was that good at playing that bad . I was impressed by this film because the script was tight the dialog was tight and the acting was spot on . Bruce Willis I feel is an underapreciated actor . Maybe one day people will finally give Bruce the attention he deserves ... hopefully soon , you know , before he gives up the game .
 Bruce Willis and Mos Def make a perfect pair of misfits -- Willis -- hopeless and with a perpetual hangover and Def -- hopeful , but can never shut his trap . Additionally , there is also a mind game playing in this movie , kind of like Conspiracy Theory or The Game , where you 're not sure if you are on track with what 's going on or whether you , like the main characters , are temporarily fooled . I was amazed that , what could be a boring two hours , was quite entertaining , not only for the mind action , but also for Def 's lively conversation , which early on seemed senseless but ended up being very meaningful . In the end , I loved both characters , and that 's what kept me on the edge of my seat . As soon as the movie was over , I wanted to go right back into the theater to watch it again and find out what I 'd missed in the first viewing .
 This is a cool action flick . What else would you expect from -LRB- Mr. Shoot em up and beat me up -RRB- Bruce Willis ? The movie smacks of The Last Boy Scout with a new flavor . Rather than go through the plot , suffice it to say , that with the addition of Mos Def , this is a quality action movie . Mos Def brings his magic persona -LRB- remember `` Something the Lord Made '' ? -RRB- to this tale of a corrupt cop finally seeing the light . The ending is bittersweet and reflective of the magic that Mos Def always seems to exude in his roles . Yes , I did buy this DVD .
 On the edge of your seat excitement , great acting , great plot , wonderful ending . Just loved it . Mos Def is an astonishingly great actor . Do n't know a thing about his rap music , but have seen him in several films , including `` Something the Lord Made '' , and give him two thumbs up for being able to act like a pro.This is a true thriller - bad cops , bad cop turned good , petty criminal who wants to change , car chases , crowded NY streets , and everything in between.Give it a try and ignore the critics .
 This is a neat little film that got knocked out of the theaters too quickly . The story is standard -- basicly The Gauntlet with a little Midnight Run . But it made me really appreciate what a fine director can do . Besides moving right along -- essentially in real time -- every scene makes sense and the action just flows .
 Willis , a grizzled , old , world weary cop -LSB- sound familiar ? -RSB- has the unenviable task of taking at what first appears to be just another low life criminal to court , and in the process learns that this criminal -LSB- mos def -RSB- will testify against some dirty cops . heads will roll if he is allowed to testify . some of whom jack -LSB- bruce willis -RSB- is very acquainted with . many cliches abound , jack , full of regret , suddenly developing a conscious is something we 've seen before , but who cares ? `` 16 blocks '' moves at a frenetic pace , with lots of shoot-outs . but it is also a tale of second chances and redemption for both the cop and the criminal , which makes it all the more endearing . nobody can wear that look of confusion and desperation like bruce can . both he and mos def were terrific , and david morse , a much underrated actor , deserves credit . I loved hearing barry white 's signature song again , `` ca n't get enough of your love , babe '' .
 Weary cop Bruce Willis -LRB- nobody plays weary better than Willis -RRB- must protect Mos Def from crooked cops in this thriller from old pro Richard Donner -LRB- Lethal Weapon -RRB- . At first the squeaky voice that Mos Def uses is offputting and reminded me of Rainman for some reason but as more of his character is revealed as the film goes by he grows on you.Like in his Lehal Weapon series director Richard Donnor makes the most out of the mismatched pair and it 's a lot of fun to watch.The film also makes great use of the urban setting.The chase scenes have real tension in the claustophobic maze of the city .16 Blocks may not have giant stunt sequences but as a character based thriller it 's very good .
 Though it has changed since its theatrical release for the DVD box , everything right down to the artwork on the poster of this cop flick points to a throwback to some of the hardboiled detective flicks of the 70 's - think `` Dirty Harry '' and `` The French Connection '' . While this film may not be a classic of that tall an order , thankfully the poster was not just window dressing . This film plays like those movies right down to its gritty , simple core . And thank God for that in an action movie these days . This is good , old-fashioned , straight-forward entertainment ; no big tricks , special effects or political points , but not just a dumb shoot 'em up action movie either , it has a good plot , simple story , a clever script with good dialog , characters you care about and great action . And Bruce Willis is excellent as always , doing his usual hung-over , pissed off cop thing that we 've seen in probably 10 of his other movies -LRB- `` Die Hard with a Vengeance , '' `` The Last Boy Scout , '' and `` Hostage '' all spring quickly to mind -RRB- and the movie is skillfully directed by Richard `` Lethal Weapon '' Donner , who knows how to make this kind of film , and make it well.The only beef I had with it , though I eventually came around , was Mos Def 's annoying nasally voice . I do n't know if as the movie went on he dialed it down a notch and made it less grating or if I just got used to it . Besides the voice though , the guy is a good actor and he and Willis make a good pair.The movie almost plays like a remake of Clint Eastwood 's `` The Gauntlet , '' which you may remember cast him as an alcoholic cop sent by his crooked superiors to pick up a witness they intend to kill , and expect the cop is too burnt-out to stop them or will just look the other way ; but of course they underestimate his resolve big time . Both movies even end in a climactic scene with a bus . But that 's okay . `` The Gauntlet '' was a good movie , `` 16 Blocks '' is an even better one.It is an entirely watchable , entertaining movie .
 16 Blocks is one of those films that really surprises you while you are watching it , and when the credits start rolling . I am a huge Bruce Willis fan , but even I acknowledge that he has made a lot of very crappy films in his long career . Therefore , when buying my ticket for 16 Blocks , I was n't really excited , but I was n't really apprehensive either . I guess I was just ready for whatever it had to throw at me.The premise is very simple . Detective Jack Moseley is given the lowly assignment of taking a `` nobody '' prisoner , Eddie Bunker , 16 blocks across New York so he can give testimony to a grand jury . Jack has approximately 118 minutes to get him to the courthouse before the jury 's tenure ends , and the indictment falls through . Jack is an old , tired , drunk , unhappy detective who really seems to have no motivation other than to replenish his booze supply when he runs out . When given the assignment , Jack is unhappy , but he ends up taking it , doing `` what he always does . '' What starts out as a simple assignment turns bad when a couple drug dealers try to kill Eddie while Jack is refilling his booze supply . Jack takes out the hitman and gets he and Eddie to a safe house where he calls in backup , which comes in the form of his former partner for 20 years , Frank Nugent . At the bar where Jack and Eddie are hiding , Frank takes the opportunity to tell Jack that this kid is going to testify against a whole bunch of cops , and he needs to be taken out before he can get to the courthouse . Jack is given the opportunity to just roll over like he normally does , but , for some reason , he decides to take the high road this time and not give Eddie up for certain death.The plot is nothing special , but the plot is not what makes this film so great . What makes the film great is the interaction between Jack and Eddie , and Jack and Nugent during the escalating situations throughout the two hour chase . This film has some of the best dialogue that I have seen from a movie in a long time . The conversations between Jack and Eddie kept me glued to the screen , hanging on every word . What was so great about the dialogue was that it actually had meaning , and that gave meaning to the entire movie . What could have been a normal , boring action flick turned into a meaningful , somewhat powerful display of human nature , and what we are all capable of if given the right motivation to do what is right . At the beginning of the film , we have no reason to like Jack Moseley . As the film wears on , however , the viewer starts to really like this character , and genuinely root for things to start going right for him . Eddie Bunker , played well by Mos Def , is a great counterpart to Jack 's antics , and provides some comic relief while also providing a source of hope and meaning for Jack during this hellish day.The action in the film is good , but nothing great . But it does n't need to be because the film is anchored by its characters . The only down side to the film is that it has just a few too many Hollywoodized twists that make things turn out okay for the main characters every time . I can deal with one or two tricks that make the viewer think one thing and do another , but 16 Blocks had one or two too many , and they were just a little bit too predictable for them to have any real impact on me . That being said , I can deal with a film falling into that trap if the overall film is good , and this one was . Best of all , the ending of the film is absolutely perfect , and I actually walked out of the theater feeling really good . Simply said , this is one of the best films that I have seen in quite a while .
 I would have never thought that this movie would be so great . . but saw it and it held my attention from the first minute till the last ! This movie does not contain graphic violence , there is not huge special effects and action sequences , but what it has is something better . Very interesting likable characters ! , straight forward dialogue and action , and amazing direction . . however it is the `` story '' that blows me away . A story about making the right choices , and decisions that ultimately set you on the right path.A bad cop attempts to takes a witness to the court house to testify , but once he sees the corruption in the police force ... he does the right thing and his life is changed because of it , also the witness is so darn likable his life is changed too ! This to me is a movie about making the right choices for the sake of being a good human being . I think all ages and all religions can enjoy this movie.If you enjoy shallow , gritty , dark , depressing movies than DO NOT buy this ! I found this movie very inspirational and heart felt . I will watch this again and again . Fun ride .
 This movie was and stil is my second favorite movie of all time . Detective Jack Mosely -LRB- Bruce willis -RRB- , must reluctuntaly transfer a `` CI '' to the court house to testify and he wasnt too happy about the detail because he just wanted to go home and drink some more . Dectective Mosely was a very distraught and unhappy Detective who had been `` awakened up '' by shots firing at his `` CI '' and at himself . He was determined to find out who and why is taking shots at the both of them and why they do not want his CI to live to testify . Dectective Mosely became instantly sober and returned back to his keen awareness and tactics to keep both of them alive and on the right path to the courthouse.Once Detective Mosely found out who and why they wanted the CI dead ; he had a decision to make and whether or not it was time to correct his wrongs he had commmited himself to put him in an alcoholic slumber ... . Detective Mosely is one Detective to have on one 's side through thick and thin ...
 '16 blocks ' is basically a modernized ` The Gauntlet ' with Bruce Willis.The Gauntlet P.O.
 This non-stop chase movie demonstrates how a very simple idea can get catapulted into conflicting cross currents of deadly agendas and levels of humanity . The matter of life or death fuels an intense journey of a mere 16 blocks of Manhattan and builds tension and considerable depth in its concentration on character . It may be a restatement of `` Midnight Run , '' which it parallels in subject matter and framework , but it 's a testament to Richard Wenk 's writing that it stands apart from that landmark film in a fine variation.Director Richard Donner establishes early on just how low in the NYPD hierarchy officer Jack Mosley -LRB- Bruce Willis -RRB- is , merely by how expendable he 's regarded when he 's assigned to `` sit '' on a crime scene until the detectives arrive . By the time he returns to the squad , he 's worn out , in need of a drink , and looking forward to even more relaxation . So , he 's stretched pretty thin when his commanding officer gives him a fresh `` overtime '' assignment . `` You can come in late tomorrow , '' he 's offered . You can hear him think , `` Oh , that just makes my day '' as he picks up the assignment folder.Mosley 's assignment is to pick up one Eddie Bunker -LRB- Mos Def -RRB- , from the lock-up and escort him to the courthouse for a grand jury appearance in a case involving police corruption . Eddie being a petty criminal and the prosecution 's key witness.No problem . It 's only a matter of 16 blocks . Of course , 16 Manhattan blocks can be like miles in any other city . And , therein , lies the gauntlet the film takes us through.Badly in need of a drink , Mosley makes a pit stop en route , and visits a bar that 's like his home away from home . Eddie is outraged , complaining and screeching about getting his court job done so he can make a trip to Seattle where he 's going to open a bakery shop . So , he 's particularly distraught when an armed man appears at the car window demanding that he roll the window down.When it 's clear that his handcuffs wo n't allow him to , the man draws on Eddie , but the expected bullet is one the would-be shooter takes in the back . Mosley has seen the play and kills the killer . This takes on a very dark dimension when officer Frank Nugent -LRB- David Morse -RRB- , Mosley 's ex-partner , and his team of dirty cops show up . The killer at the car was one of their own . Eddie is going to be a witness against them . The rubout was their way of controlling their future.The scene proceeds to all concerned assembled in the bar where the slick , oily Nugent tries to convince Mosley to go along with their execution of a small time , unimportant miscreant like Eddie . Just as one of the men is about to carry out that plan , Mosley shoots the man in the leg and takes off with his witness . Mosley is n't going along . Mosley has a job to do . Mosley is on the right side . Mosley is compassion and courage.The corrupt band of cops is outraged , cunning , determined and desperate as they pursue the rebel to their cause , chasing around the city after him and his charge . Our good guys never stop engaging us in their clever series of cat-and-mouse maneuvers . But the real winner here is the sympathy built up so intensely around the weary Willis and the whining charmer Def so outnumbered and outgunned in the maze of concrete and heavy traffic . Which makes it all the more grippingly great fun in the not-unfamiliar context of cops gone very bad . Morse , an actor with a complex bad guy portfolio , has never been better nor had a better chance to exert subtle wiles in disarming the adversary.The message is n't new , but the gameboard is juicily and humorously well designed . A good night out with Bruce and Def . And , Donner 's still got it .
 I was pessimistic re what seemed to be another Bruce Willis shootemup movie but came away surprised and very entertained . Mos Def is a treasure .
 16 Blocks is a relatively predictable 48 Hours-esque picture , but it kept me glued for the full length of the film.The story is familiar
 A great performance by Bruce Willis of an alcoholic , overweight , and burnt out cop . This is the role Willis jokingly said he had studied for all of his life . At each turn the suspense mounts . Every time you think they made it , the tables are turned . Good cast make great characters and add believibility to a taut script . Many twist and turns to this story . This movie is definitly worth the time .
 It took me years before I took Bruce Willis movies seriously . I did n't go to see one at the theater until `` Pulp Fiction . '' But after backtracking to peak at previous efforts that at their time of release I regarded as movies by a `` flavor of the day '' , as well as his new ones to come including `` 16 Blocks , '' I became a bigger Bruce Willis fan increasingly with each performance I 'm exposed to . 16 Blocks is one of my favorite acting jobs by Willis , ditto on David Morse 's superb job as his former partner but now antagonist . With a great script as well as great direction , Willis tells us a lot about his character in the movie 's first 5-6 minutes with minimal dialogue , laying the groundwork for the effective contrast with his co-star Mos Def . This pairing is the movie 's heart , as Willis , in getting a witness -LRB- Def -RRB- to court has to continually outwit Morse , his fellow rogue cops , and all the obstacles a seemingly righteous group of police would be entitled to . This setting is pretty basic , but as it unfolds it allows several of the main characters to display many sides of themselves , especially Willis , whose character never stops evolving until the very end . Donner has unwittingly become one of my favorite directors . I do n't go to see his movies . I see great movies that I later find out are Donner 's . The combination of all the aforementioned ingredients to this movie make this a movie that I watch repeatedly on The Dish , even after i bought the DVD - it instantly became one of those movies for me . For me , that 's the sign of an excellent movie . It 's also a sign that my buying The Dish and all the movie channels available means that on any given day I 'll trip over a pleasant surprise . I 've found some of my favorite movies that way . If you like suspenseful movies with action in an urban setting with identities of their own , you 'll love this movie . If you like great movies in general , you 'll like it too .
 You will not fall asleep watching this movie ; It moves from the open scene 'till the finish . Action all the way .
 The plot seems old hat -- tired , over the hill cop is pushed to be heroic when he becomes the protector of a petty felon yet the brilliant execution lies in the details . First off , Willis is even more believeable in this character role than in the `` Die Hard '' series and Mos Def is superb as his captive plus add the under-rated David Morse as the villain and Donner 's direction plus a literate script and you have an above-average thriller . Gone are the wisecracks and the smirky smile , Willis really shows us a burnt-out soul who is saved by his selfless protection of a felon -LRB- DEF -RRB- . Morse also adds texture and depth to his role of a cop who sold out long ago . I wo n't reveal too much more about the plot execept you 'll be surprised at the twists and turns of the story . If you 've been disappointed at Willis 's performances or are a Willis hater -- you 'll be converted if you catch this flick . Four pros -LRB- Willis , Def , Morse & Donner -RRB- plus a great script add up to top notch entertainment . This film has more soul than `` Die Hard '' though I did like the last one -- `` Live Fast or Die harder '' . Also get this in either Hi Def format -LRB- HD DVD which I have or Blu-Ray -RRB- -- it looks great !!
 Recently , I watched two great cop action movies on cable television ; 1 -RRB- ` Assault on Precinct 13 ' , starring Ethan Hawk , Laurence Fishburne & Gabriel Bryne ; 2 -RRB- '16 Blocks ' starring Bruce Willis , Mos Def , & David Morse ; Both movies shared a common theme
 It 's no secret that the action movie has been done to death . The same can be said for the buddy film . And I 'd like to think that the poor performance of this movie at the box office has more to do with that baggage than the film itself.This is an excellent movie ! Period . Absolutely brilliant performances from Bruce Willis as the troubled , guilt-ridden , alcoholic cop , David Morse as they heavy , and Mos Def steals the movie.Before I go on , let me say that I am not a fan of cross-genre celebrities . The `` I look great , therefore I can act '' and the `` I sing great , therefore I can act '' crowd are of no interest to me.That being said , I must applaud the brilliant , layered , moving performance Mos Def delivers in this movie . This is an action movie with heart , pairing two of the most unlikely allies on a mission to save each other and themselves . Set within the framework of a 24-style countdown thriller , the movie has something for everyone . There is a lot of great action involving characters you truly come to care about through the great performances by the leads.And it 's a spiritual journey as well . Viewing it with this in mind enhances the experience . Willis and Def play characters who have made too many wrong choices in their lives and are trying to do one thing right , tip the scales and regain their lives . This element adds a wonderful dimension to the film that sets it apart from the overdone action/buddy movie genre . And this genre has been done to death . Which is why 16 Blocks is such a treat to watch as it takes the far too familiar and gives it a captivating new approach.This is a great action movie . A moving viewing experience . Well acted , well written , well directed . How this one fell through the cracks I 'll never know . It 's a must see in my book . The DVD features a few special features , including an alternate ending , which , although well done , is really not the way the movie should have ended . They got it right in the theatrical release . There are also a lot of deleted scenes . These would have been much more enjoyable if the director commentary could be switched off while viewing them . The director and writer talk over ALL of the deleted scenes to the point where subtitles are inserted for the dialog because you ca n't hear it . This commentary should have been optional , but that is a minor peeve.So if you 're in the mood for an action movie that truly entertains , then try 16 Blocks . It 's a Gem !
 An unlikely buddy flick , well-acted by Bruce Willis & Mos Def . Bruce played `` old '' pretty convincingly . Mos played a very likeable character . The action was more low-key for Bruce , but the suspense was through-the-roof ! I thoroughly enjoyed it .
 Bruce Willis is one of the many unheralded actors who works consistently in film and yet never seems to be recognized for his work . Granted his work does n't include parts in Shakespearian dramas , but his portrayals of everymen and heroes have made him box office dynamite . Such was n't particularly the case with the film SIXTEEN BLOCKS , which is sad since he tries to combine his past heroic type characters with a more aged hero here.Willis stars as Jack Mosley , an aging New York police detective with a bad leg and a penchant for dipping into the bottle more often than not . As he heads home after a long shift , his lieutenant asks him to do one small chore , escort prisoner Eddie Bunker -LRB- Mos Deff -RRB- downtown to give testimony to a grand jury , only sixteen blocks away . Mosley reluctantly agrees and in so doing sets himself up for one long journey not only physically but emotionally as well.Stopping on the way to pick up a bottle , Mosley prevents a would be assassin from killing Eddie . After that the film picks up speed as the two try and find a way to get downtown . They meet up with a set of other officers and Mosley starts to realize just who it is that Eddie is supposed to testify against . The bad cops , including Mosley 's ex partner Frank Nugent -LRB- David Morse -RRB- , try to convince him to see their side and turn Eddie over to them . But Mosley has a moment of clarity where he knows what his job is and what he has to do.The duo find their way out of this initial face down and move inch by inch , block by block on their way to the courthouse . Before films end more is revealed about Eddie and his hopes to turn his life around from one of crime to one where he owns his own bakery . And Mosley ? Mosley reveals to Eddie his most inner secret while at the same time trying to do the right thing.Mos Deff as Eddie plays it perfect , speaking in one of the most annoying , nasal sounding voiced I 've heard on screen . You can believe that this is a little guy hoping to make things better . And Willis is great , offering a side that is seldom seen not only in characters like Jack Mosley but from an actor willing to allow himself to be seen as an un-youthful hero . Jack has been around , done things he regrets and now has the chance to make up for it . He 's a beaten man but not down for the count . And for an actor to take this challenge of showing that in a nod of the head , in the twinkle of an eye , is not an easy task to accomplish . Willis does so here and does it well.I was n't sure I would like this movie . I wondered if the portrayal of dirty cops in New York had been played out over the past 30 years and had become clich&eacute; ridden . Such is not the case in this film . Director Richard Donner , who has always excelled with action films , shows that he still has what it takes to just get actors to do their best , but to take viewers on a rollercoaster ride that holds you until the last moment of revelation involving the characters is offered . For a fun filled night , this one fits to a T.
 Bruce Willis plays Jack Mosley , who is an alcoholic police officer . All he cares about is when will he have his next drink . Before heading off for the day to nurse his drinks through the night , Jack has been handed an assignment to transport a prisoner to a federal court 16 blocks from the precinct.But almost immediately after picking up the prisoner , he detours to a liquor store , leaving the prisoner in the back of his car . When he comes out , he shoots a guy who tried to assassinate the prisoner . Immediately , every cop is out to get Jack and his prisoner , including his former partner of 20 years.The cops are out to silence the prisoner . The prisoner has information that has cops and the top brass shaking in their boots . The problem is Jack is in their way . Alcoholic or not , Jack is n't going down without a fight . * 16 Blocks * was ok . Nothing fantastic but nothing boring . The entire movie was predictable with just one surprising twist . Regardless , it 's one of those countless good vs. bad where the good always win .
 16 Blocks is the story of one man , Eddie Bunker , and his dreams of creating a top of the line bakery with a specialization in cakes for children , and what happens to those dreams when you 're about to testify to a grand jury about six of New York City 's dirtiest cops ? As one who has held on to my own cake-related dream for many years , I certainly got a charge out of this story , see what happens when Hollywood finally throws some big budget writers , stars and SUPERMAN director Richard Donner into a movie celebrating baking and our primal need for cake . Like Sofia Coppola 's recent revisionist MARIE ANTOINETTE with Kirsten Dunst , 16 BLOCKS makes eating cake a beautiful thing , a sensual celebration of the best our palates have to offer.Mos Def does a great job in the difficult Eddie Bunker part , showing how a man from the ghetto gets his life turned around by a casual encounter in prison ; after a long `` collar '' of armed robbery , petty theft , car boosting and multiple larceny convictions he makes one simple cake for the child of a friend , whips up his own interpretation of Bugs Bunny and colors it atop the mounds of buttercream frosting , and there you go . Mos Def 's face , ordinarily sad as though weighed down by all the miseries of his race , lights up as he recalls the shared pleasure of father and child when he unveiled the seminal cake , and Bruce Willis , in a supporting role as a heavy drinking cop with an urge to protect Eddie -LRB- perhaps the son he never had -RRB- , listens intently , wearing an inappropriate , rueful smile
 What 's most amazing about 16 Blocks is that , if the characters had been switched -LRB- Willis playing the bad cop , and David Morse playing the good guy -RRB- this plot * still * would have looked believable . Everything about this movie entertained me because I am , and always will be , a HUGE fan of action movies . I 'm not even the worlds biggest Bruce Willis fan -LRB- and might I add , if this movie 's any indication , he 's REALLY starting to turn into an old man -RRB- . You really need to check this movie out .
 This movie is a typical down for the count Willis , who rises to herodom in the end . I love this guy and this movie . If you like Willis , and suspense , you 'll enjoy 16 Blocks .
 By genre a thriller , but not the `` larger than life '' Die Hard sort we usually see Bruce Willis in . While the story of bad cops chasing a witness that can cost them their careers and their freedom unfolds , and the black guy just doesnt shut his mouth -LRB- and while we notice the `` change in his ways '' mainly thru his monologues , at times he is arrgh so annoying ! but good ! -RRB- , characters like ambulance car driver -LRB- Karl -RRB- and main character 's sister give the whole movie an air of `` real life , real people '' , certain warmth that separates this film from `` Die Hard '' sort , inspite of all the guns fired . Makes sense ? Film is worth seeing . Not perfect , but at the end of the movie I actually CARED about the main characters . And that is important , no ?
 Jack Mosley -LRB- Bruce Willis -RRB- is an aging , rundown , alcoholic cop who , at this stage of his career , finds himself at the bottom of the totem pole . Thus , he gets saddled with the menial errand of escorting smalltime thief Eddie Bunker -LRB- Mos Def -RRB- 16 blocks from the precinct to the courthouse , where Eddie will testify in a grand jury . But what begins as a routine assignment for Detective Mosley becomes a desperate bid for survival as the bleary eyed , hung-over cop and his charge find themselves under relentless attack by focused , well-armed assailants intent on making sure Eddie does n't make it to his court appointment .16 Blocks is a thinking man 's action thriller . Even though , on the surface , it looks like a suspense film , a case could be made for it to be considered a character study picture . Amidst all the frenetic bullets and chase sequences , you 'll find many moments of casual interaction , as leisurely enacted by Willis , Mos Def and even Morse . Willis and Mos Def , in their mismatched buddy roles , put in some character acting and have several scenes where they just have conversations -LRB- some on point , some non sequitur -RRB- , in between the chases . Mos Def 's motormouth character , in particular , spends an inordinate amount of time just riffing about suits and signs and bakeries.Bruce Willis continues his recent trend -LRB- see Hostage -RRB- of portraying jaded , burnt-out cops who end up seizing one last shot at redemption . He excels in playing this type of role
 Veteran director Richard Donner -LRB- the first and best `` Superman '' and `` Lethal Weapon '' -RRB- does an excellent job of moving things along in regards to the plot as well as crisply addressing the psychological , moral and social implications of his characters actions in the terrific `` 16 Blocks . '' And it helps tremendously to have Bruce Willis and Mos Def in the leading roles.Willis
 So my birthday was coming and I wanted to hit the movies of all things . Ultraviolet looked like the kind of movie I 'd normally spend money on but the reviews were terrible , so after much deliberation with my wife we `` settled '' on 16 Blocks.The movie opens with what appears to be a druken , beat down cop played by Bruce Willis , who is assigned to transport a witness to court . He has two hours to get the witness to court , which is 16 blocks away . Sounds easy enough . Until some bad guys try to off the witness . Now an out of shape , old , drunk cop is all that stands between the witness and his killers.But that is just the surface of it all ... We learn about conspiracies and how a witness and a cop are put into some very hairy situations and struggle to find their way out of those situations.Remnant of the TV show 24 where gutsy , unexpected actions can get one out of a situation or deeper into one.The acting was good , though Mos Def 's voice was just as annoying as fingers on a chalk board . Give the guy some decongestant to clear up that nasally tone , please!The plot twists were not totally telegraphed and thus appreciated instead of `` see I told you they were going to do that '' feeling.The `` friendship '' aspect of the story was emotionally delivering.The theme or `` message '' of the movie was well presented and did n't seem like some cheesy effort on the director/writer 's part to make this more than just an suspense/crime movie . On the contrary the message was clearly given and given well , thus accepted easily and with belief.Overall , this was a very good movie with some depth to it . Worth paying the movie theater price for .
 `` 16 Blocks '' is directed by Richard Donner , who helmed the `` Lethal Weapon '' movies -LRB- I know he did the first one for sure -RRB- and has , essentially , a story you 've seen before . People on the run from something and have to be somewhere by a certain time , everything holds them up and they eventually pull through . While `` 16 Blocks '' runs slightly different then that , it 's basically what I said . Turns out though it 's one of the most entertaining , funny , and smart action films I 've seen this year thus far . In another role as a down-and-out cop , Bruce Willis is spectacular . He catches the tiredness perfectly . Willis plays Jack Mosley , a drunken detective who mopes around and seems like he 's ready to retire . As he 's leaving the station , his lieutenant tells him he has to pick up a petty criminal and drive him 16 blocks to court , the guy who was supposed to drive him apparently got held up . The guy is Eddie Bunker -LRB- Mos Def , ` The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy '' -RRB- , who is testifying against a bunch of crooked cops . After two hitmen fail to kill Eddie and Jack finds out that the cops are involved , they begin to run . Heading the chase after them is Detective Frank Nugent -LRB- the always spectacular David Morse , ` The Green Mile ' -RRB- , an ex-partner of Jack 's . As I said , the movie is very entertaining . There 's a scene in the film that takes place in a bus that 's reminiscent of `` Dog Day Afternoon '' and at this same scene , the movie momentarily loses it 's footing ; but quickly regains it . Looking beyond the story , the performances are great too . Mos Def puts on a Mike Tyson voice for some reason , but manages to deliver a charming performance ; Willis is playing a character he played in `` Sin City '' but he 's still great ; and David Morse is always great . As for the -LRB- actual -RRB- ending ... It 's smart , surprising , and redeeming . The alternate ending is good , but it was a good choice that they did n't put it in the movie.GRADE
 My boyfriend brought this movie home because a coworker told him it was preety good , there began my skepticism . However within the first 5 minutes I was HOOKED.The theme of the movie is based upon the good cop bad cop premise , however what sets this movie apart from all the other cop flicks is the raw emotions of the charcters . MOS DEF delivers a superb performance , his role as Eddie gave just the right amount of emotion and innocent humor that put this movie in the 5 star catagory for me . Bruce WIllis of course never dissapoints with his cooler then ever demeanor . Just when you are like oh damn its all over for them there he goes in true Bruce Willis stlye , calm cool and collective.Buy this movie you wont be dissapointed . You wont be bored at all during the journey through 16 Blocks .
 In 2003 , director Richard Donner -LRB- `` Superman
 Bruce Willis plays Jack , a NYPD detective who 's had one too many drinks and let one too many bad things just slide on by . At the last minute , he 's tasked to take a prisoner to the courthouse . All they have to do is go 16 blocks in 2 hours . What he does n't know , but probably suspects , is that the police want his prisoner dead . You see , the prisoner is testifying against them.Do what you always do , the police tell Willis.But , just this once , Willis decides to try and do the right thing and get his defendant to the courthouse on time . What happens keeps you on the edge of your seat for the next hour or so . `` 16 Blocks '' is definitely a keeper . The film 's fast paced with a lot of heart and interest . Very much worth renting and owning .
 Mosely -LRB- Willis -RRB- `` Lines were crossed . `` Partner -LRB- Morse -RRB- `` What lines ? There are no lines . There 's getting it done and not getting it done . Period ! '' '16 Blocks ' is pleasing fun that brings surprises . This is special . Surprises pop up in the development of the action and plot that keep one guessing what will happen next . The plot is enjoyable as it unfolds in pieces like real life . -LRB- Everything is n't just explained in an exposition at the beginning . -RRB- The atmosphere is just right . Simultaneously , the movie is a suspenseful thriller and a fun-filled romp . The movie is smart , witty , and clever . It does n't rely as much on every window getting shattered and every cop and robber car doing gymnastics into buildings . -LRB- Most movies since ` The French Connection ' seem like recycled urban Westerns . -RRB- '16 Blocks ' takes a seemingly tired premise and gives it a lot of life.You would n't know that from the synopsis of the story . A weary and wary alcoholic cop , Jack Mosely -LRB- Bruce Willis -RRB- is assigned double overtime to transport a petty criminal -LRB- Mos Def -RRB- to the courthouse for some mysterious deliberation . As might be expected , this routine operation develops complications that are harrowing at times , but sometimes intriguing . Mosely 's ex-partner -LRB- David Morse -RRB- is determined that he expedite the prisoner properly . Thematically , it recalls a frenetic , fictitious update of ` Serpico ' . 16 Blocks tells us the length of the destination , but the intervention of Hollywood 's imagination and New York 's reality make every stretch of the trek seem plausible . How they make every block interesting is the key success of the film , and Bruce Willis plays Mosely differently than with the swagger of his usual urban protagonists . The performances are likable , especially Willis and Mos Def , who put considerable heart in the chase . -LRB- Not often liking this kind of blockbuster extravaganza , and having had my fill of cop and robber capers , I admit I had to be in the right mood to get this video . I made a happy choice . -LRB- It may be enough at least to curb my prejudice for the next cop and robber flick . -RRB- Not uncoincidentally , the movie clocks in eighteen minutes shy of two hours . -LRB- And , for that matter , the screenwriter -LRB- Richard Wenk -RRB- and director -LRB- Ricahrd Donner -RRB- provide a bonus section where they explain deleted scenes . While I did n't watch the entire venue , I appreciate it when they do n't insist on a tedious director 's cut that is n't thoughtful to the audience . -RRB- One of the special features of this DVD is that it offers two endings . -LRB- I 'll never know the total effect of the new ending because I switched over to the second ending only after having watched the movie straight through for the first time . -RRB- They are both worthy endings . -LRB- Although presenting both has the film effect of reading `` The Lady or the Tiger '' . -RRB- I like the original movie ending better , but there are some things they bring home with the second . It is not unlike Springsteen 's `` Born to Run '' . When he did a total remake , it was hard to reconcile with the original .
 Nothing says it 's going to be a poor movie week at the McGavin house than seeing Bruce Willis ' -LRB- Moonlighting -RRB- mug on the DVD . For the last couple years , Willis has just been collecting paycheck while new action heroes half his age not only steal the roles he used to be offered but they even started to steal his women . But in this movie , 16 Block , Willis ironically plays a worn down detective for the NYPD who gave up a while ago and years of hard living has wrecked havoc on his life and left him with a limp and a massively receding hairline . Maybe because of tenure , or out of sympathy , he has been able to keep his job even though everyone know he keeps liquor bottles in his desk . He is also routinely assigned to jobs so easy , it 's an insult to give to an able-bodied colleague like watching a dead body until other authorities come to dispose of it.Another seamlessly inane chore is to deliver a witness from lockup to the courthouse sixteen blocks away . Needless to say things do n't go as planned or this would have been the most boring movie since Napoleon Dynamite . Nope , instead we have another story of cops gone bad but luckily , this is revealed early on because crooked cop as the big plot twist has become a tired plot point -LRB- keep in mind the actual plot twist is n't hard to guess -RRB- . And in what could be a nod to 24 , the movie seems to happen in real time aside from a brief prologue as Willis only has about 140 minutes to get the felon to the courthouse as the jury gets dismissed at 10:00 . The felon turned state 's evidence is portrayed by rapper Mos Def -LRB- Black Head of CIA on Chappelle 's Show -RRB- is captivating once you get past his `` Mike Tyson trying to imitate an Italian '' lisp . Added to the great performance is how Mos Def 's character never stops talking , but Def is able to keep him from getting extremely annoying . You also have to give it up to Willis and Def , along with director Richard Donner -LRB- Superman -RRB- , who keep the unlikely duo from becoming a cinema buddy flick clich&eacute; like for instance 48 Hours Donner 's Lethal Weapon franchise . And with any movie like this you need a bad guy and David Morse plays this one perfectly as he never goes over the top most likely because he never seems as if he thinks Willis will ever make it to the courthouse . There are a few plot holes -LRB- like why is one of the cops Def fingered still on the force , should n't he be in jail or at least suspended until the result of the trial ? -RRB- but as long as you let these minor hiccups go , you should be thoroughly entertained.After you watch the movie , make sure you checkout the bonus features on the DVD . There are a few deleted scenes that are commented on by Donner and screenwriter Richard Wenk that are worth watching even though they were left on the cutting room floor . Then there is an alternative ending that is actually better from a storytelling point of view , although the original ending is more satisfying . You can watch the alternative ending by itself or within the context of the movie .
 As an action flick , this movie is just OK . The plot is awfully far-fetched and I do n't think anyone much likes stories about corrupt cops anymore . Maybe some do , but I do n't think they resonate with the mood of the country after 9/11 . Still , Bruce Willis is usually a positive on the screen and he gives a more subtle performance than we normally see from him . His Jack Mosely is a tired and beaten man . We meet him after a commander asks another officer who they have that they do n't need because they need someone to sit at a crime scene until the crime lab folks show up to process the scene.Mos Def plays Eddie Bunker whom Jack has to move from his cell to testify before a grand jury . He has a couple of hours to move him 16 blocks . That is plenty of time even in New York City . Except that Eddie 's testimony will make some folks quite unhappy . Action ensues.David Morse plays officer Frank Nugent . Jack and Frank were partners for twenty some years and Morse is still hard charging while Jack is pretty much just trying to stagger to retirement if he is n't lucky enough to die first . There are many other interesting characters in the movie , but the main trio is Jack , Eddie , and Frank . The issue the movie raises is whether people can change or not . Jack says no , Eddie says yes , and Frank does n't care.The DVD offers both the theatrical release and an alternate ending . They both come to the same conclusion about human character and that is the real point of the film . The action flick is just they sugar helping the medicine go down . I prefer the theatrical release to the alternate ending , but they both work in their own way.This is a more than ok film . Not a great film , but Mos Def 's Eddie is someone you will remember . It is almost impossible to place him as the same actor who portrayed the great Vivien Thomas in `` Something the Lord Made '' . This says something about the power of his talent . Well done!There is some rough language in the movie , but not so much as to get in the way and the violence is more threatened than direct although there is some blood .
 the quality of the dvd was excellent and I loved the movie . there are some real redemtive themes the emerge in the film which make it worth the watch and are a refreshing change from hollywood 's usual movie garbage .
 Bruce Willis as the over-the-hill cop , David Morse as the menacing , corrupt cop & Mos Def as the whiny prisoner in transit to give testimony in a grand jury trial all shine in this exciting action flik . Cylk Cozart gives a good performance too as the sister of Bruce Willis ' character . Watch the alternate ending -LRB- in Special Features -RRB- ; it 's pretty good , but I liked the one in the DVD feature much better . This is not an Academy Award winning film , but it 's well worth having and better than a lot of other action flix .
 I found this movie to be surprising good ! Not a single dull moment in it , as this movie is action packed and filled with lots of twists and turns!Bruce Willis plays the part of an aging , alcoholic NY police officer -LRB- Jack Mosley -RRB- who has seen much better days . It seems as though Jack Mosley superiors have assigned him to performing menial tasks that no other abled body cops is assigned to do -- so Mosley is sort of a lame duck if you will!Jack Mosley is reluntantly assigned to transport prisoner Eddie Bunker -LRB- played by Mos Def -RRB- 16 blocks to testify before a grand jury hearing . This seems like a simple task , but proves to be anything but simple!We find out along the way that extremely talkative Eddie Bunker will be testifying against several dirty cops within the NYPD , including Jack Mosley 's former partner and friend played by David Morse . Morse 's character along with several other dirty cops do their best to kill both Jack Mosley and Eddie Bunker at every opportunity they can . Leaving both Jack Mosley and Eddie Bunker to do their best to outrun and outsmart the dirty cops trying to end their lives.The acting is very well done in this movie and so is the screenplay . The writers of this movie did a wonderful job at creating ways for Jack Mosley and Eddie Bunker to outsmart the bad guys in original ways .
 Getting around in New York becomes really difficult in the movie '16 Blocks ' a film by director Richard Donner.The film gives us wash-up , tired of living and broken-down New York police detective Jack Mosley played by Bruce Willis.And a new comer to films Mos Def as the street smart , petty criminal and the constantly talking Eddie Bunker.The two men become an ` odd couple ' when Mosley is forced to escort Bunker to the courthouse just 16 blocks away.To testify agaist some corrupt police detectives.Who are also friends of Mosley.On the way to the courthouse the two men are forced to fight and run for their lives.Chased by detective Frank Nugent played by David Morse and his fellow corrupt policemen who want Bunker dead or Mosley dead or even better both of them dead.During the chase the two men manage to get out of some seemingly impossible situations.The movie does have shootouts and action.But it 's far from the Bruce Willis ` Die Hard ' movies of the past.The film instead is focus on the characters.And as Mosley and Bunker struggle for their lives on their 16 block journey.A friendship develops between the two men.Having the happy , easy going and life positive Eddie Bunker around.Gives Jack Mosley a new perspective on live.And gives Mosley the chance to be a good and honest man once again.And he proofs this at the end of the movie.Just as Bunker said ` Anyone can change ' . I enjoyed this movie very much .
 16 Blocks is Richard Donner -LRB- director of Lethal Weapon -RRB- showing that he still got it . Bruce Willis stars as a burnt out drunk cop that has to take an important wittness -LRB- Mos Def -RRB- down 16 Blocks to court . Willis learns that it 's not going to be that easy since crooked cops want Def dead . I do n't blame them , after 2 minutes of hearing his voice I wanted him dead too lol . I do n't know why Def chooses to talk like Rain Man on crack . I guess he 's going for comedy but he 's not even funny . He barely even acts like his life is in danger . Once they are in what they think is a safe hiding place he just talks and talks and talks . The fact that he was casted and that he plays the character how he does , it makes it hard to believe that he has an important testimony that will bring down many cops . I mean he pretty much plays him as if there 's something mentally wrong with him . I just ca n't see how he 'd be taken serious in a court room anyway.Willis however is simply solid and the film is gripping enough to make me want to sit through hearing Def 's voice for 2 hours . While the under-used David Morse `` who should probably be in every movie lol '' is also excellent as Willis ' former partner who wants Def . I heard that Willis wants the Hostage director to do Die Hard 4 but I think Donner would be a much better man for the job . It 's silly when Willis takes a bus full of people hostage to get away from the cops . Meanwhile of course that just drawers even more cops to them . I think Donner makes that work though because he makes you think `` how is Willis going to get out of this ? '' . He always makes sure we 're interested to see what will happen next . He also gets such a good performance out of Willis that I 'd love to see Willis as John McClane with him in the director chair . Well as long as he does n't cast Mos Def in it too lol .
 16 blocks is a well rounded Bruce Willis movie and even family oriented . I thought the plot and storyline were both well written with some suspense and action . Should keep your attention well from the beginning to the end . It has a pretty good ending as well that is appropriate and even a little emotional . A must see for all Willis fans.Peter J. Miller
 i really enjoyed 16 blocks on blu ray a whole lot better than watching iton dvd , saw ` more movie ' that was impressive viewing.picture quality was vivid and the sound was rockin ' . lots of action to keep you at the edge of your seat.recommended purchase .
 This is a great movie to watch . If you like happy endings , do n't watch the alternate ending , it sucks ... -LRB- just did n't like how it ended -RRB- I like happy endings
 This is a great effort by all involved , from screen writer through the wonderful performances of Bruce Willis , Mos Def , David Morse and everyone else . Be prepared for the sleight-of-hand involving emergency aid vehicles . An excellent purchase .
 The movie was good . Bruce Willis turns in another impressive performance . I like to see things where people do the right thing . Should watch the alternate ending , this is the one that I expected to see when I saw the movie the first time .
 The Amazon synopsis does justice to the movie . An otherwise-routine plot lifted from `` The Guantlet '' instead turns into a great suspense flick . The casting was perfect . Mos Def annoyed the hell out of me for the first ten minutes but by the time the first guy gets shot , he had me hooked . Like all well-written suspense movies , the plot moves briskly and the characters are not dumber than the audience.But if this were just a well-written and - directed cop suspense flick , it would get just four stars . What I find most appealing in the movie is its theme of redemption , and how that theme ties the two main characters together and to each other . Redemption does come at a cost , as true redemption must , and for Jack Mosley that cost is high , but not too high to not make it worthwhile .
 `` 16 Blocks '' is one of Bruce Willis ' greatest movies since `` Die Hard . '' I just watched it recently and I enjoyed it completely . Bruce plays Jack Mosely , a hard on his lock NYPD detective who will tie one on at a drop of a hat . First of all , Bruce looks so different in this role . I barely recognized him . He gained weight and his hair was gray and he wore glasses and just looked generally disheveled and harried . Bruce played this role precisely because his character was so believable , yet he was also against type and did exactly the opposite of what one would expect at first . Mos Def was excellent as the prisoner gone good , Eddie Bunker . I really enjoy `` 16 Blocks '' because unlike just about every other action movie -LRB- I 've seen them all -RRB- this one really causes the viewer to think outside the box . It 's not just a story of good verses evil . Instead , it 's a complex and intricate yarn that goes way past the point of no return . Instead of using his trademark action-packed moves that made John McClane a household name , Bruce relies heavily on his dramatic skills to give his character a beating heart . I especially enjoyed the part when Jack and Eddie were hiding behind the wall as Jack talked to Frank Nugent -LRB- played exceptionally by David Morse -RRB- . Because we really to see what made both of these men tick and at least this viewer , got a view of evil and a view of blatant corruption that rarely gets depicted in such stark honesty and realism . Anyone who likes Bruce should see this movie . Bruce Willis is a very underrated actor and IMHO probably the very best of my generation .
 A troubled NYPD officer is forced to take a happy , but down-on-his-luck witness 16 blocks from the police station to 100 Centre Street , although no one wants the duo to make it . This movie has it 's twists , turns and `` on the edge of your seat '' moments . Willis , as always , gives a first class performance . The chemistry between him and Mos Def -LRB- who really is turning into a very good actor -RRB- is great . This is a really entertaining movie .
 Willis plays what he does bestAn aging , washed up copA witness has to go to courtHe 's asked to make the dropJust 16 blocks , that 's all it isA fifteen minute taskJust get him there and then you 're doneIs that too much to ask?The witness is a chatty sortHe never takes a breathHe does n't know his singing voiceHas got him marked for deathThe witness has to testifyagainst some boys in bluewho need some swift damage controlor else careers are throughThough crooked cops are everywhereThey still must watch the clockThen only have 'til ten o'clockTo get him to the dockWild shoot outs through Chinatowna city bus goes speedingBullets flying everywhereAnd lots of people bleedingOne ending was n't good enoughThe DVD has twoThe underlying moral showsPeople can change - and do!Amanda Richards , July 18 , 2006
 This was a very good buy and it got here in good time would buy from this buyer again for sure
 This is another great cop movies Willis has pulled . I see someone compared it to precinct 13 , but I thought it is more similar to the Negotiator , where one good cop stands against a bunch of bad ones for a good cause .
 Though this movie was poorly advertised , it was a truely good movie . The movie is a little slow at times , however , Bruce Willis does an amazing job at portraying a character who is both driven and held back at the same time , leaving the audience wondering what bubbles beneath the surface . Mos Def also does a wonderful job as an inmate with a lisp , and a story to tell . Worth watching !
 The Plot was DecentI will talk about the acting in the filmMos Def was AMAZING . You tell he prepared well for his role in the film.Bruce Willis , Was pretty Good . was not his best , but Good . The story plot was some what Corny . There was little suspense , you could basically predict what was coming 3 steps before it happened . There were some very good scenes . Which you did not what was going to happen.Bruce is protecting Mos def because he is being framed by some crooked cops . When you see the end of the movie you will kind like WTF.thats my 411Jubril -LSB- ... -RSB- Business Phenom
 If you thought Hostage was the last straw in Bruce Willis 's carreer you should see this movie . This movie was funny , had suspense , and had action . The charectors are flawed but the movie had so much going for it plus Mos Def did a great job .
 ther you go again america another ntsc dvd . by now i am starting too lose all hope on you guys . keep it up . .
 I mean I was not expecting this movie to be that good . It wasnt great buit it was decent . I would recommend it to everyone !
 First impression - how the devil can a drunk cop operate?Mos Def -- I had to listen very hard to keep up with what he was saying.Excellent petty crminal . He still had dreams.Jack Mosley - B.W. - broken down New York City police detective - How could he stay in his alcoholic induced haze and still have the great reflexes as to kill the guy knocking on the door window.Never did understand who those guys were until going into the special features.David Morse - excellent actor in almost every part that he plays - liked to way he was kept just one step behind Mosley - threatening but not able to stop Jack.His squad was in deep sh -- and Jack just kept catching them at their game.Thoroughly enjoyed the plot and its execution but we could have had a little bit more info -LSB- as given in the special features -RSB- Never watched the alternate ending.I would call this hard core action with a sniff of humour . Makes for great entertainment.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED - but keep your hands off the guns . They do n't kill you but the bullets do . < g >
 This initially had me stumped . I was trying to figure out -LRB- because I missed the beginning -RRB- what is Mos Def trying to pull off with that nasally schtick ?! I then watched it on video and figured it out , and hey ! He did a really great job . This was gritty with action , a good story like an old Clint Eastwood classic . David Morse is awesome and I think one of those unsung heroes of movieland . Overall a great police drama .
 If you 're looking for Bruce Willis in the role of the Tough Action Hero he often portrayed , you might be somewhat disappointed . That said , 16 Blocks is a very interesting , realistic film . The characters are as real as can be , the story is gripping . There are a few moments where you may wonder `` why does n't he ... instead '' but that 's easy to forgive . Overall I was glued to the screen troughout , and I was left with a good feeling about it . Worth buying !
 Stellar PerformancesAt the outset I was n't sure where Bruce Willis 's role as Jack Mosley was heading . Jack is a depressed , disillusioned alcoholic NYPD detective dictating his last and will and testament from a seat on a bus surrounded by law enforcement personnel . Flashing back to circumstances propelling him into dire straits , Jack after working an all-nighter is issued the task of delivering a jailed witness to the courthouse whose plea bargain grants him parole for testifying against a crooked cop . A setup to be sure . From the time they leave the police station , Jack and his ward , fast-talking Eddie Bunker , spectacularly played by falsetto voiced Mos Def , find themselves pursued with malice to keep Eddie from arriving at his destination and testifying.Fast paced , packed with adrenaline rush action , the movie wends its way from the streets to the courthouse via a detour on a hijacked bus . Bruce Willis renders one of his best performances yet . And Mos Def is electrifying .
 On the face of it , this should 've been a simple story of a straightfoward affair . Bleary-eyed down-on-his-luck alcoholic detective Jack Mosley -LRB- played by Bruce Willis -RRB- has to get a similarly down-on-his-luck witness Eddie Bunker -LRB- played by Mos Def -RRB- 16 Blocks from a holding cell to a courthouse to testify against some corrupt cops . Needless to say , not everyone wants to see Eddie Bunker spill the beans and thus the hunt is on to kill him en route . Jack seems to come out of his booze haze to summon the wits to come up with all kinds of tricks to ensure Bunker 's safety.I love David Morse and it was so much fun to see him play one of the dirty cops on the hunt . The story is not as straightforward as is suggested in the beginning and there are unexpected twists and turns amidst the action and mayhem that ensure in Manhattan.I 've been watching Mos Def 's emergence as a serious actor now for some time . I always knew he had the chops , I just kept wondering when we were going to see him displaying them . He demonstrated his potential for range recently in `` The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy '' and while the movie was fun , he was the only reason why I watched it . I believe that it 's here , in `` 16 Blocks '' that he comes into his own , sharing indeed as he does , top billing with Willis . His motormouth performance as Eddie is something to watch , especially for those who have seen him in other movies or in interviews talking about his music . They will know that he is nothing like the chatty character with the whiny voice he plays to excruciating annoyance - but maybe that was the whole point . The character is obviously supposed to be annoying.While bedlam surrounds them , it 's the growing friendship between the two leads that drives this movie for me . The end moved me to tears . Maybe I 'm just a silly old man but the sheer purity of a friendship that 's based on nothing else but a common humanity is something that always warms my heart and sadly , something I do n't get to see much anymore in a world where everyone seems to have a hidden agenda.This is a fun movie and should n't really be taken on as anything more than that . The grey tones of the cinematography suggest a Manhattan that is still feeling a bit bleak post-9 / 11 but I 'm not sure any further social commentary is being made here . Anyway , I like the movie because it is a well written story , with great characters and strong acting from both the leads and their supporting cast . This is one I will be watching again and again .
 Starts a little slow , but I 'm glad I kept watching . It was a different story line and for once Bruce Willis is n't wearing a ` white hat ' , more of a gray hat . He 's not the good guy , but ends up doing the right thing . Good story line with complicated twists in the plot.Chrissy K. McVay - Author
 A surprisingly good little thriller , 16 BLOCKS provides a tight , minimalist script , fine directing , excellent camera work , and standout performances by Bruce Willis , Mos Def , and David Morse . It is enough of a twist on the usual cop chase films to make it fresh , exciting , intelligent and touching.Jack Mosley -LRB- Bruce Willis -RRB- is an old drunk , a cop with NYPD who is given only minimal duties because everyone knows he has a problem -LRB- and why then are n't they doing something about it ... ? -RRB- . He is assigned to escort a prisoner , petty criminal loquacious Eddie Bunker -LRB- Mos Def -RRB- from his cell to the courthouse 16 blocks away where he is to testify against some bad cops . Little does Mosley know it is a setup and very soon it is apparent that the bad cops headed by his old partner Frank -LRB- David Morse -RRB- are out to kill Eddie so that he ca n't testify against them . Jack and Eddie have a face-off in a bar where Jack has a conscience change and decides to go against his fellow bad cops and get Eddie to the courthouse . It is the getting there , involving hiding , running , commandeering a bus , etc that creates the bulk of the film.But as much as the action portion of the thriller is satisfying , the feature of this film is the extraordinary gradual development of change in the character of Jack and of Eddie as they both , as ` outsiders ' doomed to careers that seem dead ends , interrelate , bond and change . Both Willis and Def give superb performances and the film is well worth watching to just see these fine actors in parts that give them room to demonstrate their considerable skills . Richard Donner paces his film well and there is not a dead moment in the movie . The cinematography by Glen MacPherson and the musical score by Klaus Badelt as well as the fine supporting cast make this a polished work . There is an alternate ending -LRB- originally shot to be the first choice ending ! -RRB- that makes the film take a different slant , but the film as it stands is a fine one . Grady Harp , June 06
 '16 Blocks ' is another so-so , run-of-the mill , if you will of Bruce Willis ' attempt to get one person from ` A ' to ` B ' in one piece when nobody else cares . It does n't matter who the person is or what the storyline is . The story 's the same just the names have been changed . Please do n't get me wrong , I love action films , and I am usually supportive of Bruce Willis . However , in '16 Blocks ' I could close my eyes and other movies could come to mind . '16 Blocks ' could have been the grown up sequal to ` Mercury Rising ' . I am surprised Bruce did n't pack a lunch , because it took him all day to get the witness 16 blocks by 10:00 am and did n't even do that while falling on his own sword in the process . I would , though , recommend '16 Blocks ' if you like action , shoot-em ups where only the right people get blown away . I do , and even though I give '16 Blocks ' a negative in originality , I enjoyed seeing it .
 I liked this movie , the picture and sound are amazing , but I do n't like combo .
 This movie was thought-provoking from alpha to omega . I loved its suspense ! One of the best movies I have seen lately !
 THIS MOVIE IS GREAT IT GUIDE TO BE HONEST AND DO ALWAYS THE RIGHT THING , BECAUSE YOUR MISTAKES ALWAYS CATCH YOU.I LOVE IT !!! WHEN THE PROBLEM IS HOT YOU KNOW WHO IS YOUR REAL FRIEND .
 I thought this movie was going to be alot like many other movies of its kind - a police chase action movie . I love Mos Defs character and I love how great his acting was for it , they complimented each other . Bruce Willis does an awesome job , as does the rest of the cop cast.But I especially liked the directing , and how what seems to be an oridinary movie keeps you entertained and captivated in a way like its a new concept . But , it is n't a new concept , and therefore still not anything too special , but definately one of the best in its genre , and deep in a subtle way .
 Another classic movie with a touching message in about doing the right thing . This movie is full of action and mystery . I would recommend it to anyone over 18 .
 Bruce Willis can really pull you in !! ... . This movie is really-realy gooood !!!! ... You guys please change this for anybody could leave a comment !
 I love it when Bruce Willis gets out of character in that he plays someone other than a `` Rambo-type '' . Mos Def is a fabulous actor and the combination of the two is an excellent movie .
 An interesting part for Bruce ; old , out of shape , alcoholic and just trying to skate by as a detective . Good action but nothing fancy . I enjoyed it as a decent evening 's entertainment .
 I was pleasantly surprised after watching the movie . I particularly like Bruce Willis in this movie because he plays a different character than most other movies . He 's older in the movie and he moves and acts like an older worn out cop . If you 're expecting explosions and fast paced action you may be disappointed . This movie has a good plot and is well paced for the type of movie it is .
 One of my favorite movies !! I love Bruce Willis . I have seen and own all his movies !! I got this one downloaded to my Kindle Fire !!
 This was an excellent movie , typical Bruce Willis and a surprisingly appealing performance from Mos Def , was very engrossing , David Morse was great in it too .
 16 Blocks is a perfect vehicle for Bruce Willis . He plays it to perfection , as does his prisoner . Love the way he continually outwits the police force . I would NOT change the ending with one of the other possible endings . There are not many movies these days where someone actually cares about the characters . This is one .
 My son and I accidentally found this movie on tv late one night . It was TERRIFIC !!!! My son has been a HUGE fan ever since and had it on his Christmas list . We 'll enjoy it MANY , MANY more times . Check it out !!
 I 'm not the biggest fan of these kind of films . That is to say , I do n't go out and see every new one as I may a Sci-Fi or Fantasy film . However , I am glad a friend let me borrow this film for nothing more than a change of pace from my normal film viewing.I do n't think there is anything really new here . Bruce Willis is yet another worn down old cop . There are `` bad guys '' out to get the `` good guys '' . The good guy , not surprisingly , knows the ways of the bad guys because he was once one of them , etc , etc , etc.What was of great interest to me was Mos Def 's performance . This actor seems to be on his way to the big leagues . The pace and timing of the film was superb . For those unaware of the `` real time '' method of filmmaking , this film is a fine example . This basically means that the film is 90 minutes long and the action you view -LRB- the scenario in the film -RRB- is supposed to be 90 mins long . I ca n't express how realistic this makes a film feel . Just imagine a film like Lord of the Rings , but instead of showing other things going on , Frodo does not leave your sight for the entire film and every action he does , you see . Well , perhaps not such a good example , but a new -LRB- sort of -RRB- cinematic experience to , well , experience.Dear Director Richard Donner -LRB- of the Original Superman Series -RRB- , good choice not to do the `` alternate ending '' offered in the special features .
 16 Blocks brings to the screen the story of a down-on-his-luck NYPD detective charged with escorting a witness 16 blocks away to testify in court . All , however , is not what it seems in NYC and there might be just a little more to what looks like a routine transport ... Bruce Willis , Mos Def , David Morse , and the rest of the cast , have truly outdone themselves with their performances , which are outstanding to say the least ! All the actors , without exceptions , give it their 100 % and it really shows . Very well written and very well presented , the movie is without a doubt guaranteed to provide more than just a few thrills , not to mention a few tears.The setting , the plot , the dialogues , and the music are all wonderful!In conclusion , 16 Blocks is a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection especially if you are a Bruce Willis fan .
 When I first saw the trailer for `` 16 Blocks '' , I immediately thought of the average Clint Eastwood film from 1977 `` The Gauntlet '' , where Clint 's average cop had to escort a prostitute from Las Vegas to Phoenix where she will testify in a mob trail that will end up having an impact on the Police Commissioner ; in the end , the cop and the witness must run a gauntlet of cops shooting at them while they try to crash the courthouse in a bus.I assume that `` 16 Blocks '' is a loose adaptation , but the similarities end with the premise . Bruce Willis plays an aging , overweight , and well past done NYPD detective who just works on getting through the day from one drink to the next when he is tapped by his boss to transport a grand jury witness from lockup to the courthouse - literally a distance of 16 blocks from each other . He is talked into the task , and after only one block of transporting the witness , he stops in traffic to get a bottle from the liquer store.This is when all hell breaks loose and the detective is thrust into events as a couple of gunman try to kill the witness . At first , he is ready to do anything to end the assignment until his old partner of 20 years shows up to the rescue only to try and kill the witness himself . The next 15 blocks and 90 minutes take us through the streets , buildings , and basements of New York in a running battle between the detective and some of New York 's less finest . Though there is a bus involved , it is not played out like the `` The Gauntlet '' ; and the detective 's road to redemption takes the viewer on a couple of twists and turns in a short `` 16 block '' distance .
 **** I just recently sat down and watched `` 16 Blocks '' again while it was being broadcast on a lower end cable channel . I had to come back and update my review to give it 5 stars . This is one of the best action movies I 've ever seen ... most action movies do n't seem to have much of a story , acting is usually pretty bad , dialog is worse -LRB- lol -RRB- and they are all formulaic . Not `` 16 Blocks '' . I am now counting this as one of my favs for movies ... there 's a moral to the story which plays out towards the end . Love it ! **** I thought this was going to be a very typical , formulaic action movie . I was so wrong . Both Bruce Willis ' and Mos Def 's acting surprised me ! Bruce Willis ' broken down , drunk cop performance was excellent . I actually wanted to reach into the screen , grab his arm and help him up the stairs . And while Mos Def simpleton routine got on my nerves a little bit , he still really did a good job . There are plenty of twists and turns to keep viewers on the edge of their seat . I did n't go to the movies to see this and I 'm sorry that I did n't . Wound up watching it on cable ... laughed and jumped out of my chair several times . Great action movie that will surprise and entertain you !
 Just because someone has a pot belly and they 're a cop does not mean they 're over the hill - out of shape , well maybe . To bring a prisoner to the courthouse alive as he 's a pivotal witness , is to out smart other officers who must see him dead before arrival . So deep is the corruption . So determined the professional , highly decorated policeman whose mission to protect his prisner over rides the wishes of others .
 This is a `` coming of age '' story about a girl , Joy Chan -LRB- Donna Lew -RRB- , who dreams of the glamor of what could be if she were a well loved Broadway stage performer . It 's also a story about the loneliness of being an adult mired in a life lacking belief and purpose . Brother T.S. Murphy -LRB- Michael Moriarty -RRB- , a high school teacher and Irish Christian Brother finds himself surrounded by Joy 's adoration , hope and unspoken love . He wants to break through his vows and his personal barrier to touch Joy , but is not able to.ODD BIRDS is also a study of racial stereotyping of Asian-Americans in the 1960 's . They can dream about becoming another Vivien Leigh or Elizabeth Taylor , but must settle on school part try-outs being relegated to the role of the maid.Joy Chan , the dreamy adolescent who tries to go beyond her mother 's counsel to be practical and become a nurse , tries out for the `` Barretts of Wimpole Street '' school play at nearby Brother Rice -LRB- Catholic -RRB- High School . There , she meets and befriends an equally distant `` odd bird , '' Brother T.S. Murphy , who has fallen into the role of the Religious Order 's counselor without having the requisite faith.The tension of not being considered for the role of `` Elizabeth '' added to her dispair at falling in love with T.S. propels Joy to try out for a Broadway audition that Gower Champion is holding in nearby San Francisco across the Bay . T.S. Murphy can only encourage Joy and retreat to another `` assignment '' in Chicago , far from the tender warmth of the adolescent who adores him.The smitten Joy can not dance , but does sing in her audition for Champion , the famed choreographer of `` Hello Dolly , '' `` 42nd Street '' and other Broadway hits . Joy accepts his heart-felt accolade for her vocal talent . This is as good as it gets for someone for whom it 's not good at all . It 's a poignant ending as Joy returns , alone , from her audition , with Gower Champion 's `` bravo 's '' still ringing in her ears . She 'll never be cast , she 'll never see her friend T.S. again , but like a few lucky souls , she 's had her magic moment .
 What a sweet story ! Anyone who remembers the `` sock hops '' of their high school years , and especially remembers what it was like to stand on the sidelines and being too bashful to accept invitations to join in , will find a soft spot for Joy Chan -LRB- Donna Lai Ming Lew -RRB- . She 's the pretty and talented Chinese-American teenager who has dreams of Broadway stardom . She is befriended by another `` odd bird '' , Brother T. S. Murphy -LRB- Michael Moriarty -RRB- , a math teacher at a boys ' school who is a chaperone at the dance where he spots Joy . Brother Murphy encourages shy Joy to pursue her dreams of becoming a performer by actually auditioning the for some roles . She does ! What a sweet short-term friendship develops between this teacher and student . Then school 's out for the summer.Donna Lew is excellent in her debut role . Michael Moriarty , always excellent in the `` warm-fuzzy '' roles throughout his career , is so believable in `` Odd Birds '' as a big brother anyone would want to have around . Viewing this movie will definitely contribute to a cozy , popcorn type evening . It will also bring a pleasant smile to your face and warm spot in your heart ! We 'll look at this one again .
 What a sweet story ! Anyone who remembers the `` sock hops '' of their high school years , and especially remembers what it was like to stand on the sidelines and being too bashful to accept invitations to join in , will find a soft spot for Joy Chan -LRB- Donna Lai Ming Lew -RRB- . She 's the pretty and talented Chinese-American teenager who has dreams of Broadway stardom . She is befriended by another `` odd bird '' , Brother T. S. Murphy -LRB- Michael Moriarty -RRB- , a math teacher at a boys ' school who is a chaperone at the dance where he spots Joy . Brother Murphy encourages shy Joy to pursue her dreams of becoming a performer by actually auditioning the for some roles . She does ! What a sweet short-term friendship develops between this teacher and student . Then school 's out for the summer.It 's so pleasant to remember a time when such friendships were `` ok '' , useful , and non-threatening . Donna Lew is excellent in her debut role . Michael Moriarty , always excellent in the `` warm-fuzzy '' roles throughout his career , is so believable in `` Odd Birds '' as a big brother anyone would want to have around.Viewing this movie will definitely contribute to a cozy , popcorn type evening . It will also bring a pleasant smile to your face and warm spot in your heart ! We 'll look at this one again .
 What a sweet story ! Anyone who remembers the `` sock hops '' of their high school years , and especially remembers what it was like to stand on the sidelines and being too bashful to accept invitations to join in , will find a soft spot for Joy Chan -LRB- Donna Lai Ming Lew -RRB- . She 's the pretty and talented Chinese-American teenager who is befriended by another `` odd bird '' , Brother T. S. Murphy -LRB- Michael Moriarty -RRB- , a math teacher at a boys ' school who is a chaperone at the dance where he spots Joy . Brother Murphy encourages shy Joy to pursue her dreams of becoming a Broadway performer by actually auditioning for some roles . What a sweet short-term friendship develops between this teacher and student.It 's so pleasant to remember a time when such friendships were `` ok '' , useful , and non-threatening . Donna Lew is excellent in her debut role . Michael Moriarty , always excellent in the `` warm-fuzzy '' roles he has chosen throughout the years , is so believable in `` Odd Birds '' as a big brother anyone would want to have around.Viewing this movie will definitely contribute to a cozy , popcorn type evening . It will also bring a pleasant smile to your face and heart ! We 'll look at this one again .
 Length :
 ` The World 's Greatest Formula One Cars ' is a great DVD . It is about all of the best Grand Prix cars that have ever raced in Formula One , cars like Ferrari , Cooper , Lotus , McLaren , Brabham , BRM , Williams and many others . There is a lot of information on cars that even raced before F1 including the 1930 's battles between Mercedes Benz and Auto Union . The DVD starts with the Grand Prix Car from 1920 and continues right up through the years until it reaches Michael Schumacher 's Ferrari F2000 . There is a lot of great footage on the DVD including the famous battle between Gilles Villeneuve and Rene Arnoux for second place in the 1979 French Grand Prix . This is a great DVD and any fan of Formula One should buy it .
 I am a F-1 Car collector as well as Racer . I have been looking for comrehensive F1 history cars in DVD format for a long time . This , is no doubt the best DVDs on F1 cars there is along with book Formula1 1950-today is MUST for any amature F1 fan to professionals . See you in France ~ !!!!
 This straight to DVD movie is very entertaining . Not your typical college movie , the cast makes this one special .
 50 pills . One day . Tuition is on the line . Will Darren go through with it and sell the pills to stay in school?College movies like this come out all the time and , frankly , they 're usually terrible . And even though Fifty Pills is pretty cliche at times , and seems to follow a pretty visible plotline , it works because of the cast . Just look at the cover . Four of the seven people on it are n't even in the movie hardly at all . However , every one of them makes their mark , no matter how small their part may be.The three main characters , Darren -LRB- Lou Taylor Pucci -RRB- , Coleman -LRB- John Hensley -RRB- , and Gracie -LRB- Kristen Bell -RRB- are all pitch perfect . Lou Taylor Pucci plays the goofy , ` have to do good , ' guy impressively well , John Hensley is nothing but hysterical , and Kristen Bell , as always , is amazing . You seriously could n't ask for a better cast.Overall , if you 're just looking for a funny movie that never takes itself too seriously , you just found it . The laughs are constant and the dialogue is always great . Minus the skimpy bonus features , Fifty Pills is well worth the price of admission .
 As a movie critic for my college rag , the ole ' interweb is my only outlet for writing movie reviews : I peeped the trailer for this on a dvd rental a few months back and have been looking forward to it ever since . My anticipation was warranted for sure.Not only is the script hilarious , the movie 's execution is superb . I have never seen an indie film cast as perfectly as this one , seriously . I have been known to party in my time and this film captured my college experience so well that I felt like I was watching a movie about my life -LRB- minus the part about selling drugs lol -RRB- . The film takes a bunch of relavent , real-life issues facing just about any male under 30 and handles them in a succint -LRB- 88 minutes -RRB- and hysterical fashion.The drug selling aspect is merely the glue that holds the plot together . I mention this because many people -LRB- my fiance included -RRB- get turned off by `` drug comedies '' . There is certainly drug humor -- but it is used sparingly and in all the right places . Not only that , I have never ever seen an ecstasy movie , with the exception of the British `` Human Traffic '' , that encapsulates -LRB- yeah , I used a pun in this review -RRB- what it is like to roll -LRB- aka ` to take ecstasy ' for the uninitiated -RRB- . The movie never takes a shortcut for an easy laugh and maintains a comedic integrity that I have n't seen since `` The Girl Next Door '' . Did I mention that `` Fifty Pills '' also works off of virtually zero budget ? Every cent is put in the right place though and it never feels like a straight-to-dvd movie . Major studios REALLY dropped the ball by not picking up `` Fifty Pills '' after the Tribeca Film Festival and giving it a limited theatrical release -LRB- to boost street cred -RRB- before really promoting a dvd release shortly thereafter . It will certainly find its audience but I doubt it will make the money for the filmmakers that it deserves to make . Those who were involved in making `` Fifty Pills '' -LRB- particularly writer/producer Matthew Perniciaro -RRB- have a bright future if this movie does some business.On that note , if you dig teen comedies , drug comedies , or simply coming-of-age tales then give `` Fify Pills '' a shot . I guarantee that you will have a fantastic 88 minutes .
 I agree with everything all the other reviewers have said so I wo n't repeat the same comments over . I just want to add that the original score and songs used are terrific and fully the capture the emotions and spirit of the scenes . Wish there was a soundtrack available . I recently saw this on cable and found it a highly original film . Maybe the Hollywood suits failed to release it since it was original and did n't follow the typical `` Hollywood formula '' . Support independent films !
 I gave this movie to my teenage -LRB- 18 year old -RRB- son for Christmas , and he really flipped over it . He must have watched it 4 or 5 times in just a few days . I gave him lots of DVDs for Christmas , too - which means he had lots of other DVDs to choose from - so for him to do that meant he just could n't get enough of this movie . Anyway , I ca n't think of much higher praise than that . My son recommended it very highly . Very , very funny movie .
 A clever mix of Pulp Fiction , Risky Business , and American Pie with much better writing and extremely smooth production . It is a great movie if you just want to laugh and enjoy yourself without too much deep thought . With my normal overanalysis of movie plots , it might not hold up . However , I really do not think they would care . That was probably never the point . Kristin Bell is hot , and the other dude I 've seen somewhere else was very good . For a straight to DVD movie I was very impressed and am curious as to why no one picked it up sooner . Top notch cast , excellent writing , directing and producing . 5 thumbs up .
 Saw this last year at Tribeca Film Festival . Very funny script and I found myself laughing out loud a number of times . IMHO , Michael Pena -LRB- World Trade Center -RRB- stole the show . Amazing cast for an independent movie .
 Darren -LRB- Lou Taylor Pucci -RRB- is not very happy , and he has plenty of reasons why
 I loved this movie it was funny and as someone that has ADHD I have a problem keep my attention on anything but this movie kept my attention and wishing it was longer
 This is a great movie . It 's very funny , spontaneous , & well acted . All the actors make each character memorable , no matter how little screen time they get . From a asian guy named ` The soul man ' with an e , to a son who 's parents think he 's gay , if you give the movie a chance you 'll love this .
 HEADSPACE is the twisted tale of another realm beyond our own . It seems that a young genius named Alex has somehow opened a gate to this alternate dimension , causing it to bleed into our reality . This would be fine if not for the murderous demonoids that have crossed over ! Alex must find out what is happening and try to stop it . Of course , no one believes him , and the trans-dimensional creatures kill everyone Alex touches ! HEADSPACE has a heavy , grim atmosphere of utter doom throughout . I love it ! I also enjoyed watching horror legends Dee Wallace-Stone -LRB- The Hills Have Eyes , Cujo , The Howling -RRB- and Olivia Hussey -LRB- Black Christmas -RRB- as a doctor and a therapist . Sean Young -LRB- Bladerunner -RRB- is also effective as Alex 's mum . Larry Fessenden -LRB- Habit -RRB- plays dad . We even get Udo Kier as a priest ! Highly recommended ...
 I enjoyed this movie the plot move a bit slowly but it is rather good . Like someone else said the movie is full of clich&eacute;s but that do not make it bad . Clich&eacute;s have become so well used that they have become clich&eacute;s for a reason , they work.The plot of the movie is nice , not a masterwork but nice , it is about a young man that after collapsing get diagnosed with an extreme form of ADHD and get smarter and smarter , soon he begin to become almost psychic and begin to see demons . But are they real or just in his mind?There is not that much gore in this movie , but the gore that is that is gory , but the movie relay more on a good story than on gore . All in all I really liked this movie and I do recomend it .
 Once you start this movie , you have to keep watching it . It keeps you on your toes trying to figure out what in the world is going on and who this monster actually is - and what a surprise of an ending ! Definitely worthy to add to my collection .
 every now and again something comes out under the radar ... Headspace is that something ... the story is fairly intriguing and the acting is very good ... I wouldnt say this is a horror film per se , but the premise and the conclusion is as close to true horror as it might get ... all in all , a very solid film and I strongly suggest a viewing . -LRB- the cover art is kind of cheesy though -RRB-
 I can understand why some did n't like this movie . People are too used to typical storylines in horror that something innovative is actually jarring . The vast majority of horror movies involve surburban teens or college-aged kids who unsuspectingly become victims for some horrible monster/slasher . Either that or it involves some lone , cute chick.This flick is different
 This movie was just that-fast , fun , and frightening - what more could a horror movie provide ? This particular horror movie also delivers an intricate , winding plot that leaves you thinking even after the movie is over . Headspace lives up to its hype as one of the best independent horror movies of the year.Christopher Denham bursts from the unknown to deliver an interesting performance as Alex , a ` real genius ' type with something horribly dark fueling his sudden intellect . His back story and present are peppered with fascinating characters portrayed by a remarkable array of actors - everyone from Sean Young to Udo Kier . The real star of this movie , however , is the plot , which winds just enough to keep you hanging on , wanting more , without winding so much that you 're thrown off . At the end , you 're left with a smile on your lips and a mind full of questions -LRB- but which questions I ca n't say without spoiling the movie ! -RRB- As for major pros and cons , if you want something with really cool monsters , this is n't your horror movie . The monster make-up is n't anything that will leave chills down your spine -LRB- when people get killed the make-up is spot on , so do n't worry about that -RRB- . Headspace 's biggest pro is simply that it is a cerebral thrill ride with great acting.Highly recommended for anyone who wants a horror movie that is n't all about splatter or monsters .
 The NY Times said that Headspace `` has all the gore , violence and nudity that the genre requires . '' What they forgot to say is that it is also thought-provoking and suspenseful , with some excellent `` jump moments '' mixed in . I saw the film in NYC , and the audience was startled more than a few times . They even looked away from a few gruesome moments . -LRB- In horror films that 's a good thing , right ? -RRB- This is a breakout role for Christopher Denham , a young NY theater actor who has earned raves from the Times and the New Yorker for his recent stage work in `` Red Light Winter . '' The bit where another NY stage vet , William Atherton -LRB- playing Dr. Ira Gold -RRB- , tries to psyche him out is priceless . And it 's always nice to see Olivia Hussey , Dee Wallace Stone and the ever-creepy Udo Kier with roles they can sink their teeth into . Literally . Yes , get Headspace and get scared . Once your blood pressure returns to normal , the images will still be there to haunt your dreams .
 This movie is deranged , and I mean that in a good way . Yes , it 's a horror movie , yes there 's a partially undraped hottie , and yes , there are some really good `` gotcha '' moments that will make you jump . But watching Chris Denham come unglued makes for interesting viewing . His character acts like a real person and not a cardboard cutout , or the typical dumb guy horror movie protagonist who goes into the dark house without a flashlight or a clue . It 's fun , it 's kind of scary and , -LRB- sorry , ca n't resist -RRB- Headspace is , well , heady . So turn off the lights , nuke the popcorn , and have fun !
 Michael Scofield is long dead , but his legacy lives on . A new generation of criminals are routinely thinking up ways of breaking out of Prison . To catch these dangerous criminals , US Marshal Charlie Duchamp -LRB- formerly of the Marshal 's CPA , a desk job due to a congenital heart defect -RRB- resurrects an idea put in place by disgraced former Marshal Ray Zancanelli , using cons adept at escape to catch other cons . They bring in Shea Daniels , a former gang leader and smuggler , Lloyd Lowery a former child prodigy and criminal behaviorist and Erica Reed an expert tracker who learned everything she knows from her late Bounty Hunter father . Joining the team is Julianne Simms a former student at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center who excelled until she washed out due to various psychological disorders . Two other cons were chosen -LRB- Philly a con woman and Gunderson an expert tracker -RRB- but they were sent back to Prison after attempting escapes.Breakout Kings is set in the same continuity as Prison Break , even going so far as to feature an episode in which T-Bag -LRB- Robert Knepper -RRB- escapes from Fox River to exact revenge on people who assaulted his ailing mother.This show is perfect for fans of shows like `` Prison Break '' , `` White Collar '' and `` Leverage '' .
 In the third eoipsode of this new show Breakout Kings , we are re-introduced to T-Bag -- the most notorious character from a show that ended a few seasons ago called Prison Break . He has once again escaped from prison and the Breakout Kings are called upon to bring him back home , not before he has gone on a killing spree with shades of his criminal past exacting retribution for a crime that will begin to bring light to his upbringing . Overall another very solid episode and I am hoping that they continue to bring in characters from previous complementary shows as it is quite additive and exciting . The show continued to improve and will be interesting to see what they have next for us .
 When people run , they have to be caught rather quickly . If they are not , then they are not going to be caught . that is why this team is needed and why the set-up in sweet . Bascilly , you catch people and you get a month knocked off your sentence and minium security on the bid . Try to run and it is doubled . And they are not playing around.When The Breakout Kings started , I was n't sure whether or not it would be worth watching . There are always pros and cons to shows like this , and the commercials made this show look like something you might not want to engage . TV has this thing about respinning the same old webs and trying to trap you in them , and making one see this seemed like making you watch old ideas . That was how the commercials looked , anyhow . When the show started , it showed just how different it wanted to be . There was witty banter that went past the old shows and there was engaging portions that featured both the cons and the people working with them . I liked the fact that there was a person that seemed like the was a criminal profiler mixed with a scew-up , and I liked the fact that the other people on the team worked to balance that out . I also liked the fact that there were terms to the cons being on the street , and the people worked to make them keep to that . If the team did not have something keeping them in check , I would have constantly wondered why they did not run . Seeing things from their eyes , it was more understandable.Another thing the show looked at way the people that were being chansed . In some shows this would be the soft underbelly of a presentation , and you might wonder why they were out . This did not go that way , however , and it let you know that rather quickly . The level of violence was beautiful and I really engaged on that , and the people chasing it sealed it all in.If you have yet to watch this , you are only falling behind . This is 5/5 material that connects on many levels , with stuff going from on show to the next and not all things revealing themselves . Even the people are not fixed here , and that works out well . Otherwise , it is just a shuffle of personas that really has no weight behind the threat of shipping people out .
 Breakout Kings is a flawed but fun show with some witty dialogue -LRB- mostly Lloyd based -RRB- . While the show will never win any Emmy 's -LRB- especially with the announcement that A&E ; is cancelling the show -RRB- , it 's worth following for the evolution of the characters . Season One of Breakout Kings is good , but season 2 is where the characters really begin to flourish . Unfortunately , the show will not get the chance to finish telling their tales since Season 3 was now renewed . However , we can always revisit the beginning and watch the journey of each character with fresh eyes thank to the DVD set.The show gets 5 starts for the casting of Jimmi Simpson as Dr. Lloyd Lowery , as he is one of the best characters that A&E ; has ever had the privilege to host . Simpson does a wonderful job of making the Lowery character that juxtaposition between socially awkward and perfectly lovable . He bring humor to a character who lives with a dark burden . So 5 starts to breakout Kings for this one character alone.That being said , the DVD set review almost lost a star because it could * always * use more Jimmi Simpson . But I would say that there is a fair amount of deleted and extended scenes and featurettes that make buying the boxed set worth the money to anyone who enjoyed the show enough to own it and explore it a bit further . Or for anyone who wants more Teabag . At the Amazon.com price , the boxed set comes with extras and is the same price - or cheaper - than paying per digital episode .
 This is a great show with characters that I could not help caring about . The writing and acting were great and the the stories are so good that I am now watching the first season for the third time.I would love another season of this great program , but television networks seem intent on canceling the best shows . Thank goodness for DVD .
 Love it , it 's a great show ! I think this show took a while to get on its feet and it could certainly use some improvements but I love the actors and they play their characters so well .
 This first season of the Breakout Kings is amazing . I am not big on extras since they are so long , but the extras here were just enough to keep me interested . Great DVD set .
 I am happy with the DVD and did not find any troubles . Whenever Season two comes out and I certainly will order via you again !
 I 've never seen Prison Break , but that does not lesson my enjoyment of this show . Not all of the characters are really strong , but for me Lloyd makes up for all of them . The show is serious and deals with difficult subject matters but does have some humor . The one thing that makes it sometimes hard to watch is that some of the convicts they are hunting down have sympathetic stories , makes you hope they get away .
 When I saw the commercials for this , I was a bit taken with the whole idea in a bad way . I thought it would be a throw away program , and that I would not want to give it too much time . There are a lot of things that try to be like this , after all , and it would have been easy to pigeon hole this one as well . Then I watched the first and the second , followed by a third , and saw that it was done on many different levels.The Breakout King is a show about cons and cops being brought together to find fugitives . It has a lot of twists and turns burired in it , and it has been a really insightful program into the heart of stereotypes , felons , and more . You have a brain that has a little problem with the money , some brawn that has problems with a few things , and you have a con artist that has a silver tongue and an inability to get away from all those pretty opprotunities . On top of that you have the two guys that head up the organization and you have the computer lady that heads it up . It sounds like it would n't be the grand thing it is but , honestly , it caught me by surprise . A lot of that has to do with the hunted and not just the hunters , too.As far as the hunted , these are the Mcbaddies that run and not some jokes . That means you see depravity on the screen and see the people that truly need to be hunted . I was glad about that because I did not my time wasted . That , and I could not understand why these guys would be needed if someone simply skipped bail and ran for the border.Another thing about the show is the writing . While you have a lot of shows that rely on some little jokes and a few twists , this keeps you coming back . It has been one of those little pinwheels that surprises you on the character front , that spices things up , and that makes you want to listen to the dialog . If that is not a reason to watch , I do n't know what is.I gave this a 5/5 because it really is worth watch . That , and there are a lot of shows out here that are just carbon copies of other things . If that does n't make it worth the download , I do not know what does . What it and see what you think - there are always previews and normally pilots to see.Thank you .
 When I saw the commercials for this , I was a bit taken with the whole idea in a bad way . I thought it would be a throw away program , and that I would not want to give it too much time . There are a lot of things that try to be like this , after all , and it would have been easy to pigeon hole this one as well . Then I watched the first and the second , followed by a third , and saw that it was done on many different levels.The Breakout King is a show about cons and cops being brought together to find fugitives . It has a lot of twists and turns burired in it , and it has been a really insightful program into the heart of stereotypes , felons , and more . You have a brain that has a little problem with the money , some brawn that has problems with a few things , and you have a con artist that has a silver tongue and an inability to get away from all those pretty opprotunities . On top of that you have the two guys that head up the organization and you have the computer lady that heads it up . It sounds like it would n't be the grand thing it is but , honestly , it caught me by surprise . A lot of that has to do with the hunted and not just the hunters , too.As far as the hunted , these are the Mcbaddies that run and not some jokes . That means you see depravity on the screen and see the people that truly need to be hunted . I was glad about that because I did not my time wasted . That , and I could not understand why these guys would be needed if someone simply skipped bail and ran for the border.Another thing about the show is the writing . While you have a lot of shows that rely on some little jokes and a few twists , this keeps you coming back . It has been one of those little pinwheels that surprises you on the character front , that spices things up , and that makes you want to listen to the dialog . If that is not a reason to watch , I do n't know what is.I gave this a 5/5 because it really is worth watch . That , and there are a lot of shows out here that are just carbon copies of other things . If that does n't make it worth the download , I do not know what does . What it and see what you think - there are always previews and normally pilots to see.Thank you .
 This is a good show to watch . Not a completely different take than Leverage -LRB- which I love -RRB- , but if you like Leverage , you 'll like this show !
 This show is really awsome . I watched the pilot last week and the episode this week , im totally addicted ! My favorite character is most definately Loyyd lowery ! BUT , I really hope Philly comes back cause i really liked her = -LSB-
 I was told about this show from a friend who highly recommended it . Bought the first season and really really enjoyed it . I was surprised this was on A&E because I do n't usually like stuff on that channel . Not the best show out there but definitely heavier and more character development than most crime dramas . That I praise . Well worth your time if your looking for another good show . Check it out !
 a great concept ! the more you watch , the more it draws you in ! i cant wait for season two ! Is it out yet ?
 Christmas gift for grand daughter , do n't have fifteen more words so you have to read all the crap , that 's it
 arrived quickly and the discs in perfect condition , the only problem and not the fault of the seller was one of the holders for the discs was broken . Other than that issue it arrived in perfect condition and all discs worked .
 Definitely a fun series to watch . The characters are unique and funny and I always enjoyed their chemistry . So sad A&E cancelled it : -LRB-
 The idea of bad people helping find evil people is n't new , just think of Hannibal the Cannibal . The difference for this case ? The bad people are getting their wishes closer to being granted with a delicious offer - one month per case solved shaved off their time . Not bad . And to help with the temptations they may face , one turnback and they go back to prison for double the length that they were in for initially.No wonder they 're in for it.Each con has a unique ability to offer to each case , as well as a different degree of wit and intelligible angle . And the bad guys they take down are nothing short of deplorable . Some actually turn out to have a side of pathos to go with what had seemed like amoral actions . There 's a lot of relatable drama for people off many walks of life as well as each person having flaws . Tragedies happen . Heartbreaks occur . And the best part ? The cons can actually know a few things that the cops do n't . This first season was awesome and I 'm looking forward to the next .
 I was skeptical when I first caught Breakout Kings - it had Dominic Lombardozzi , a hero of mine who played Herc on The Wire -LRB- perhaps the greatest police procedural ever made -RRB- , but not that much else . I was in for a real surprise.The show is surprisingly intelligent - following a group of US Marshals that through a new program enlist the help of several convicts who are very good at breaking out of jail . They leverage their abilities and the Marshal Service 's tech and resources to catch the bad guys . For each bad guy they help catch , they get a month off of their sentence - so the harder the work and the faster they catch them , the better off they are.However , being on the outside has its temptations - any one of them could make a break for it - but if they do , they all will go down to maximum security facilities with full sentences reinstated . So they have a reason to keep each other honest - or as honest as any convict can be.The dynamic between the cops and cons is great , particularly Jimmi Simpson who portrays Dr. Lloyd Lowery , a former child prodigy and a behaviorist with a bachelor 's degree and M.D. from Harvard . He provides in-depth psychological evaluations of escaped convicts , which allow him to predict the movements and actions that an escaped convict may undertake before they get away . And he provides an element of humor that keeps this show just this side of serious - he 's a pleasure to watch and my favorite character.Check it out if you have n't - I bet you 'll be pleasantly surprised !
 What a great show and it is back for a second season . I would recommend this for a thrilling hour of action . After all , it is from the same producers of Prison Break .
 This show is witty and well written with great characters . I am patiently waiting for the Season 1 DVD set . I would highly suggest this show , if you like crime shows with a twist .
 Basic cable is coming up with some great new stuff and this is one . Love this show , the characters are interesting they do things that make sense and figure out the things that you think any normal person would , imagine that ! Hope they keep this one on , really enjoyed the first season .
 Another stellar episode in the first season of this new show called Breakout Kings . This episode really does a good job continuing to develop the character of Charlie Duchamp played by Laz Alonso . We see him once again struggle with his mortality and struggle with his place in life with a less than normal heart . The primary storyline of rape and control in prison is a good one and stays interesting throughout the episode . The `` cons '' all compete for the opportunity to win a steak dinner -- the winner ends up doing something quite interesting with it at the end . Another great episode .
 Breakout Kings continues to get better and better . In this episode , we learn about the breakout of a man who is about as anti-government as one can get due to some past history involving his mother and the loss of their family 's land . His father , feeling the same anti-government hatred , supports his son in his endeavors once he escapes from prison and goes on a crime spree . The continued development of the character of `` Lloyd '' is very impressive . He really is turning out to be one of the real reasons to watch this show -- the combination of brains and tragic comedy drawing you into his character . A good episode .
 Another great episode in this new series . This episode looks at a lady who was convicted of stabbing her husband 47 times and then escapes from jail but putting on an elaborate ruse through a Prison Pen-Pal system . She gets unsuspecting me to come visit her and essentially help plan her escape where she tries to reunite with her son and then escape more permanently . This show just keeps getting better and better in the first season . Jimmy Simpson as Dr. Lloyd really has come into his own in this show and this episode in my opinion was his real breakout in the series . The discussions with his mother on his cell phone are pricelessly funny . Very worthwhile series .
 In the 4th episode , a man who was accused of pedophilia escapes from prison and goes on an extended `` hunt '' to try to prove his innocence . This episode -- like the 3rd one in this first season of Breakout Kings -- is much better than the first two . The writers are clearly starting to get it and know how to explore topics that will keep audiences riveted . The secondary storyline of Erica wanting to see her child adds a nice touch to the episode . A good series worth watching and in this case a very good episode .
 In this second episode of the first season of Breakout Kings , we see a few character changes from the Pilot . Philly is gone and it is to be determined whether or not she will return -- likely a casting cut from the pilot or did n't test well although I thought she was great . In this episode , the criminal escapes from prison and the Breakout Kings are dispatched to find him using some of the trophies he has kept in some unusual places . A bit of a grisly episode but very well done . Will be interesting to see Episode 3 where there apparently is a comeback from an old friend from Prison Break .
 `` Breakout Kings '' is in its first season on A&E and definitely has the potential to run for several more seasons . The basic premise of the show is that there are a set of convicts with special skills -LRB- con-artist , great memory , great fighter , etc. -RRB- who are recruited by the Federal Marshall 's system to track and bring back to jail escapees . If the are able to bring back an escapee , they get a month shaved off of their current sentence and for participating at all , they move to a minimum security lockup . The show is a great combination of action and humor that feels real but is n't as gory as something you might see on Showtime or HBO . Avid watchers of The Wire will recognize one of the detectives from that excellent show . A great cast of characters . If you were a big Prison Break fan , you do n't want to miss Episode 3 -LRB- hint
 A probation officer I work with recommended this show and I have greatly enjoyed it . The characters are interesting , supsenseful . I particularly like the character of Lowery ; childlike in many ways but a genius in others . His perception and then off the wall lack of common sense set up many of the best scenes in the show .
 The team is no longer in a state of transition . Now the people seem to be set and the goal is finding the escaped baddies . This week they find themselves looking for the worst of the worst , a man with five kids that have been wrecked by his actions , and more things possibly going wrong as everything falls into place . As the team looks for `` Joe '' they find themselves with rifts amongst themselves as well , with personal issues mingling with intense feelings about someone of this caliber.Another week in the book and another success . Not only did the show push out little pieces of the characters to note , but it also suggested specific things that we do not know about . Lloyd , for example , is an interesting one . We know the suposed crime , but the time seems harsh . 25 years is a lot of years for a man that has gambling issues . And what about our new female operative ? We know she is tough as nails , but what could distress her ? Again and again the show flexes as a new hit.Out of all of the shows , I did not think the guy here turned out to be all I expected . I could see some of the plot coming and I knew things like that happened but , really , this seems to be the way a lot of these stories go when dealing witht his issue . It could take a more complex turn , pointing to the things that draw out the hate and show the real ugliness in people , but that glanced by it . Still , the show did what it did - it made a nice program and did not seek out rocking any boats by pointing out real monsters and blowing them away.I give it 4/5 this week , but only because of certian parts with `` Joe . `` When you watch it , you 'll see what I mean . Still , this is a great thing and I hope it lasts .
 A man who likes the classics and has not strayed from the straight and narrow is caught up in an ultra violent breakout that sees someone dead and the group guessing as to why he got out . He only has a little time to serve and he has been a model prisoner , but looking into his past and listening to what he has done shows everyone that their job is n't just about hunting people like themselves.This is possibly one of the shows that will showcase just what types of people can be showcased on this program . While you have people who commit crimes and you have people who need to go on sprees when they taste freedom , there are also different kinds of animals in the jungle . I personally like this , too , because oyu have someone that you really can not read and you wonder about . You also have clues , and those clues show why the program works and why the rewards are justified for some of the people involved.As far as the show went , this was the episode that got me watching . The Pilot said to see what happened , but this took it to a new levle . It took one person in the group and showcased what can happen , let me know that everyone is not what I thought , and laid down other levels as well . This is not easy to do but the Pilot really got me in the regard , and I thought that was a grand thing.I would say that this would be the best one to watch , but the Pilot explains things . It is a great second to go with , however , and I liked it quite a bit . A nice 5/5 is here , and then some . You should check the two out together .
 This guy has a lot of balls and curiousity . He takes a video camera and an interpreter to the major conflict areas of Iraq and shows what the average citizen and the extremists believe and what the US soldiers are facing day-to-day . Unadulterated realism . Highly recommended .
 Shocking , honest , brave and an amazing eye-opener . Watch this movie if you really want to know what 's happening in Iraq . Shows both sides of the story about the insurgency war that you wo n't see on TV . Critical of US policy , but sympathetic to the American soldiers on the ground . Historical movie .
 Langan spent several months living in and travelling around Iraq , armed with nothing more deadly than a small video camera . The programme began with footage of a small boy smiling holding up a ` USA ' poster saying ` Bush good ' ! , as if to demonstrate that at least some people still welcome the coalition presence -LRB- filmed late last year and early this -RRB- . Baghdad seemed lively , with plenty of traffic , shops and an appearance of ` normal ' daily life . An air of tension seemed o permeate the place , and signs of the ` occupation ' were never far away . Just a couple of blocks from the US headquarters an Imam was using a mosque public address system to exhort the locals to throw out the ` Israeli occupation forces . ' US representatives eventually managed to put a stop to the broadcast , but I got the impression of a big city with lots of Imams , and lots of public address systems ... ` Israeli occupation forces ' ... Jews and Israel are clearly a big issue . Or rather , perception of Jew and Israel is a big issue . Numerous scenes showed Langan being jostled by crowds , many of whom were chanting their opposition to Israel . It is quite clear that many see the USA as a tool of Israel , but also that many others actually think the US forces are Jewish , actually Israeli forces in US uniform . The resentment was palpable . ` Down with the Israeli occupiers ! ' and ` We do n't want the Jews here ! ' are amongst the most polite lines - we can only guess what the BBC did not permit to be translated.Hand grenade.At one point -LRB- in Ramadi or Fallujah -RRB- an inquisitive crowd turned distinctly hostile . Langan was kicked , pushed and one man even pulled out a hand grenade . Nevertheless , a group of concerned locals risked their own safety by protecting him . ` It 's okay , he 's a journalist , he 's a journalist ' they repeated , whilst hustling him to the relative security of a local shop . It was a disturbing scene , which could easily have resulted in serious injury or death for Langan.Fallujah
 in a world where news is just another capitalistic enterprise bent on ratings and entertainment and telling their target audience exactly what they want to hear , this is a must see for all those out there who are looking for the facts.I highly recommend it , along with Death in Gaza
 It 's an analysis of the September 11th attack , similar to Painful Deceptions dvd . Some of the allegations are extremely serious and at least some of the questions seem to have a lot of evidence such as the lack ofdebris from the Pentagon struck by a commercial liner . -LRB- yet not a single picture of the plane fromsurveillance video & the hole in the building was notlarge enough -RRB- Also the aircraft impacts & fires in allprobability would not have destroyed a single bodybeyond positive identification and yet all evidencewas destroyed including FAA tapes . The buildingsneatly collapsed into fine powder without topplingover . Scientific evidence shows that any size fire will never pulverize a steel building . The debris was disposed of overseas by the same company as the Oklahoma bombing scam , so there could be no investigations . There is evidence that agroup of Pentagon officials , other governmentofficials , business leaders & priveleged companies were warned hours before the attack to stay out of the buildings and much much more . Also these dvd 's covered the evidence found for the 911 inconsistencies . They are great too ! I always use Amazon.Painful Deceptions - dvd9 11 IN PLANE SITE - dvd9 11 THE GREATEST LIE EVER SOLD - dvd9 11 THE GREAT ILLUSION - dvdBUSH FAMILY FORTUNES - dvdand of course , BUSH 'S BRAIN - dvd
 Eyes of a Stranger is an often overlooked slasher pic . It was Lauren Tewes 's attempt at success following her departure from the Love Boat . It also marks one of Jennifer Jason Leigh 's first performances . The story centers around a psychopath , played with glee by John DiSanti , who stalks and kills nubile women . Tewes has the unfortunate dilema of living in the same apartment complex with her mute sister -LRB- Leigh -RRB- . Mayhem ensues , and this turns into another Savini effects pic . Turn your brain off , and enjoy the mayhem ...
 I do n't believe It ! My ex-rental vhs tape of this movie is in need of repair from playing it so much . Made in 1981 , this is what a true `` Horror '' film is to me . This is something that could actually happen to anyone . Although maybe not so much of a `` Horror '' film , more of a Thriller , is little known about and often overlooked by most people . I never thought Warner Bros would release this on dvd . A few months back , I had found this on -LSB- ... -RSB- to download and buy as a windows media video file to own . To my surprise ... It was the UNCUT version with missing gore intact which my vhs copy makes it look like a heavily edited TV version . As the gore is heavily cut on the original vhs release . I had read that there was an alternate version of this film on imdb.com with the gore in it back in 2004 . I even emailed special FX artist Tom Savini whose behind the gore on this film , and asked him if he knew how to obtain a copy , or give me any info . He emailed me back and said he had no clue . As the previous 1st reviewer says it 's Uncut which I hope it 's the same one i got off of cinemanow.com which there 's was from the actual film print in widescreen and an excellent digital transfer . This movie grips you and the music in the film is pretty damn creepy to me at least . This is a must have if you like such other films as Wes Craven 's 1972 cult classic `` Last House On The Left '' or Meir Zarchi 's `` I Spit On Your Grave '' -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and another long lost film probably best kept that way Jim Sotos ' `` Forced Entry '' -LRB- 1975 -RRB- as it 's not as good . Also I 'd recommend snapping up `` The Burning '' -LRB- 1981 -RRB- . Which has been banned in America for a long long time and heavily cut on the THORN EMI VHS Release in America back in 1981 . While The Burning does have that cheesy music I say it 's a much more better take on Friday The 13th as far as the acting goes . Although I am a huge Friday 13th fan . So snap this one up , you wo n't regret it if you 're into serial killer slasher films .
 I was going to buy `` From Beyond The Grave '' but for about the same price I got this . Four out of the six movies are ones I like and are pretty hard to find , so this was a cheap way to get them all . For the price it is well worth it and for me I like most of them anyway . Good Set !!!
 Very nice box set and for its price , it 's even better !!! In my opinion , this has very fun movies and if your my age , they brought back very fun memories !!!
 EYES OF A STRANGER is a far better movie than I was expecting . Lauren Tewes is actually good as the TV anchor-turned Nancy Drew sleuth . Jennifer Jason Leigh -LRB- The Hitcher , Single White Female -RRB- , in her film debut , is very convincing as Tewes ' blind sister . John Disanti is perfectly hate-worthy as the rapist/murderer on the hunt for female prey . Tewes ' character and her sister live in a highrise apartment building . Little do they know that a serial killer lives in the tower next to theirs -LRB- watch for the mirror-image effect to simulate the two buildings -RRB- ! He goes out nightly , stalking and killing young women . Tewes gets suspicious one evening after seeing the man throwing away his bloody shirt . Of course , no one believes her , so it 's up to her to gather evidence against this creep . Unfortunately , the killer finds out who 's spying on him ! EOAS is a solid killer-thriller w / a surprising gore quotient . There 's a decapitation scene -LRB- involving a cleaver and a fishtank -RRB- that will send all true goreh&uuml;ndts ' hearts aflutter ! Yep , lots of the red stuff , but enough suspense to make it all worth while . Oh , and there 's nudity too ...
 *** This comment may contain spoilers *** Jane , a local news anchor , has realized that her neighbor is the rapist / serial killer that she has been reporting on nightly . Jane goes on a one woman mission to hunt him down before he can get to her and her deaf-blind sister she takes care of . When her lawyer boyfriend refuses to help , she is on her own . Jane starts playing phone games with the killer and turns the tables on him . But considering her air time as a reporter , it is n't long before he discovers her too . So it is a cat and mouse game to see who can get to who first.There are genuine moments of tension like when one victim is harassed with increasingly menacing phone calls . The cops refuse to help her , and she is in her apartment running through her living room just to turn on her light switch . When her ding dong boyfriend shows up , he pops in with a creepy mask that made me jump because I was expecting the killer . And when one woman flees her office after getting phone calls , she heads into an elevator , only to be called on the elevators emergency phone ! The tension and excitement is n't too surprising considering Weiderhorn was the writer and director of RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD II -LRB- 1988 -RRB- and SHOCK WAVES -LRB- 1977 -RRB- . I think the characters are well written for this type of film . You ca n't help but like Jane , the smart news reporter investigating the killings . When her boyfriend asks her to move in , she says No because her deaf-blind sister Tracy -LRB- Jennifer Jason Leigh -RRB- is just settling into her new home . She thinks he would resent them both and eventually leave them . I can appreciate such strength and honesty from a female character . To make matters more difficult , Jane feels guilt over her Tracy 's -LRB- hinted at -RRB- molestation that left her deaf-blind after leaving her alone one day . This reinforces her boyfriend 's notion that Jane is on a quest to save the rest of the women in town because she could n't save her own sister . Leigh is usually hit or miss in her movies . You either like her or not or she does n't even register on screen . But here she is just a teenager , but plays a deaf-blind girl realistically.Adding to the creepiness of the film , is the feel of the killer just being a regular guy lost in a crowd . When Jane breaks into his home , she tries hard to find anything out of the ordinary . He eats , sleeps , and relaxes like a normal guy . It almost seems mildly perverse when Jane starts calling and harassing him . She even sucks lightly on a cigarette afterward as though she got off on it.But I do have some problems with the film . Initially , it feels like a feminist 's version of REAR WINDOW where the reporter stalks and hunts the rapist / killer herself . As a `` Reverse Rape/Revenge '' flick , this shows her character tracking him down BEFORE he can hurt her or her sister instead of shelling out revenge after the crime was committed . But the film steers dangerously into sleaze territory in some parts , which pretty much makes all feminist statements null and void . The strip club scene was unnecessary and should have been omitted.I am also concerned with the motive for the killings and its portrayal of women . Serial killers have a certain type they seek out . But this killer targets a stripper , a good girl next door , a deaf-blind young girl , and a completely random woman on the street . Sometimes he harasses the women for long periods of time and knows personal information and sometimes he just attacks because the mood strikes him . This does n't make any sense . Either he is a meticulous killer that plans his kills or he is a deviant with a bad temper . So the only thing I could conclude is that all women are equal and worthy of death despite their differences in the filmmaker 's eyes.The most tense , yet sleazy part of the film was when he breaks into Jane 's home and finds Tracy there alone . -LRB- SPOILER ALERT -RRB- He begins playing games with her because she is blind such as moving around a plate and knife as she is trying to cut a piece of cake . Eventually , she notices she is not alone and attempts to flee . But what is absolutely despicable is it 's showing of child molestation and attempted rape on screen which completely disgusted me . Leigh herself was barely 19 years old when this started filming.As if the age and deaf-blind factors were not bad enough , this is the second time this character gets molested in the movie . Damn , tough luck . But wait , it gets goofier . After her attack and supposed killing of the prick , she waltzes into the bathroom to start `` exploring her body '' . Huh ? Um , I will take a wild guess here and say that the last thing a woman wants to do after getting raped would be to start touching herself sensually . There are more important things to do like , you know , call the friggin ' police !! The other part that makes this so damn disturbing is the revelation that no matter how hard Jane tried to protect her sister , she could n't . In fact , her sister is molested BECAUSE she tried to help . So what is the theory here ? That women should just give up and let themselves be mauled by men because otherwise they will get it twice as bad?Released in 1981 by Warner Bros. , it clocks in at 85 minutes . It is currently unavailable on DVD.Bottom Line
 Had n't heard of this one until I noticed that Tarantino screened it at one of his film festivals . It 's got Lauren Tewes -LRB- Julie from the LOVE BOAT -RRB- and Jennifer Jason Leigh . It 's really quite suspenseful in parts . Tom Savini worked on the make-up effects -LRB- I would imagine that this is what drew Tarantino to the film in the first place -RRB- . For the slasher film fan that 's hiding in all of us ...
 People always turn away from the eyes of a strangerrrrrrrrrrr ! Okay , now that I got my Queensryche reference out of the way , we 'll focus more on this little all but unknown thriller from the early 80s . This film tends to be labelled as a slasher film , but is more of a Hitchcockian thriller . The gore and violence is upped a bit , probably for the slasher crowd at that time , but the movie certainly does n't fit alongside Madman or Pieces.In the movie , Jane , a newsreporter , suspects that one of the men in her apartment complex just may be the serial killer/rapist who 's been terrorizing the city . Well , he is , and Stanley is his name . And in the tradition of these kinds of films , ol' Stan catches on to the fact that he 's been caught on to . Turns out Jane has a deaf and mute sister , Tracy . Easy pickins for Stan , but he soon finds out that she 's not quite as easy a victim as you 'd expect.I liked this movie . I like how the killer was handled . Here he 's shown as an overweight , middleaged doofus that looks like an insurance salesman . He reminds me of how Norman Bates was described as looking like in the original Psycho novel . But I like the look coz it 's more than likely more realistic . He does n't say much at all , but his calls to his victims are creepy and remind me a little bit of the killer 's calls from Black Christmas.Gore is minimal , but effective , and the suspense actually works most of the time . The film was directed by Ken Wiederhorn , who gave us the underwater nazi zombie classic , Shock Waves -LRB- which some characters are watching on T.V. -RRB- . All in all , it 's pretty enjoyable , and I 'd recommend it to those who dig this sort of thing ... and Queensryche of course .
 The six films in The Twisted Terror Collection -LRB- 2007 -RRB- generally fall into the horror , suspense , and thriller genres . When the set was initially released , it marked the first time some of the films were available on DVD . Subsequently , all of these movies have been individually released on DVD . There does not seem to be an overriding theme to these films , as the subject matter and quality varies quite a bit , with release dates ranging from 1973 through 1992 . Depending on your interests and tastes , the collection could be a good value buy for the horror aficionado . Quick takes on the films are below.From Beyond The Grave -LRB- 1973 -RRB-
 Eyes of a StrangerI saw this movie in the 80 's have been searching for it to watchover again . Found it on Amazon , very suspensful movie and of courseLauren Tewes is a terrific actress . So glad I found it again nowI can watch whenever I want . Thank you Amazon
 I first heard about this movie through Tom Savini 's Grande Illusions book.I never saw a vhs release for it . I ordered a copy of WB 's Twisted Terror Collection with this in it.I watched it and thought it was pretty good . Kind of along the same lines as Halloween and Psycho.It 's too bad this was lost for many years .
 Made back in the early 1980 's , on the heels of the slasher film resurgence , Eyes of a Stranger did it 's best to break away from the endless Halloween clones , while still keeping up a level of tension.It stars the attractive Lauren Tewes -LRB- from Love Boat -RRB- as a reporter trying to track down and verify the identity of a ruthless killer , played by John DiSanti , who lives near her . Where this movie differs so much from other horror of the era is that DiSanti 's identity , and face , are never hidden . You know who he is , and that he did it , from the get-go , giving us more of a suspense film than a true slasher . Tewes is convinced he 's the killer , but no one will believe her -LRB- duh , of course not -RRB- and there is a very tense confrontation between she and her blind and deaf sister -LRB- well played by a very young Jennifer Jason Leigh -RRB- , and DiSanti.Ken Wiederhorn had worked on PBS before this film , and apparently used this film and genre , like so many others , to try to get a bigger break into Hollywood . In all , there are some strong moments of tension , the effects are good , especially for the day -LRB- FX master Tom Savini -RRB- , and Tewes surprised a lot of people with her tough character -LRB- not nearly as sweet and pure as Julie on the Love Boat -RRB- , but in the end the film never generated much interest and flopped , so it 's good to see it on DVD , uncut , and in widescreen format too .
 Eyes Of a Stranger is a forgotten gem that is a must see and must have for the Slasher collector . A young Jennifer Jason Leigh is introduced in this film as Lauren Tewes from Love Boat 's little sister who is blind from the trauma of being raped and assaulted as a child . . Tewes character `` a news reporter '' feels responsible because she was n't watching as she was suppose to be.Tewe 's character suspects a man in her building is a serial killer and she tries to break the case by herself . `` not a good idea '' . The story is good and so is the acting , the gore is up to par for the early 80 's slasher 's but not over the top.It takes you right to the meat from the beginning till the end.I was so glad to find this lost treasure again and I could n't wait to order it . Watch out for the FISH TANK ~ !!!
 A nosy news reporter attempts to track down the man that she believes is responsible for murdering a string of women around town . After initiating him in a deadly game of cat and mouse , Jane must fight to save her sister 's life when the killer strikes home ! EYES OF A STRANGER takes the most depraved , degenerate , and misogynistic acts from notorious Grindhouse films like DO N'T ANSWER THE PHONE and masks them under the guise of a ` legitimate ' Thriller thanks to Ken Weiderhorn 's clean directorial style and a smart script . The depictions of extreme violence against women and bloody stabbings make it an extremely brutal outing , removing the safety net of comic gore in place of more realistic deaths . It also borrows heavily from a range of Hitchcockian influences -LRB- most notably REAR WINDOW and De Palma 's SISTERS -RRB- , but does so successfully by creating several suspenseful moments where Jane is just seconds away from discovery once she has infiltrated the killer 's home . EYES OF A STRANGER transcends the primitive plotting found in many of the other Slashers of its time , making it a welcome surprise to genre fans.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 This is one of the scariest movies I have ever seen.Because it is so realistic that people like this really do exist this is a must have !!! I will buy it if it ever gets released on DVD .
 People only remember negative things . Fact is when this film came out that both Siskel and Ebert really liked the performance of Lauren Tewes but could n't actually bring themselves to say go out and see it . This film does manage some genuine scares . Jason-Leigh started her weird career playing a victim and even then went for broke . Remember , Lauren Tewes actually admired , look it up .
 A TV news reporter played by Lauren Tewes , tries to protect a Miami community and her blind , deaf daughter -LRB- gripping performance Jennifer Jason Leigh -RRB- from a ruthless killer who stalks only at night and goes along his usual , normal routine by day.The deaths scenes are realistic , not over the top , and the performances by the entire cast , especially lead actress , Lauren Tewes , will keep you hooked until the final credits . The night scenes , featuring the vulnerable female victims , either walking the streets alone , or while at work , are atmospheric and creepy . You might find yourself yelling back at the TV a few times while they make a few clumsy choices to et away from the killer -LRB- answering the phone , having a conversation with the killer , etc -RRB- . And mid-way through the movie , when the reporter gets herself in a jamb inside the killer 's apartment , the real suspense begins . If you like B movies with a clever script and a freaky psychopath , then the hour and twenty minute `` Eyes of a Stranger '' is for you . Nerve-jarring and scary.T.B . Grant9 .16.12
 Eyes Of A Stranger -LRB- 1981 -RRB- might be a fairly standard thriller about a TV reporter pursuing a serial killer , but it does deliver a number of brutal and bloody kills . Lauren Tewes successfully demonstrates her acting talents in a more serious dramatic role than Julie McCoy , the cruise director on TV 's Love Boat . The film also features the motion picture debut of Jennifer Jason Leigh.A violent serial killer is at large in Miami , preying on young women . Before he strikes , he often taunts his victims over the phone . As she reports on the murders , Channel 3 reporter Jane Harris -LRB- Tewes -RRB- finds herself becoming more emotionally upset , and she begins to suspect that a man that lives in her apartment building may be responsible for the killings.Jane lives on the 12th floor with her sister Tracy -LRB- Jason Leigh -RRB- , who was traumatized as a child , leaving her blind and unable to speak . Doing some investigating , Jane discovers that the man she suspects is named Stanley Herbert -LRB- John DiSanti -RRB- , and that his apartment is also on the 12th floor , and is visible from hers . She sneaks into his apartment and takes a shoe as evidence , and boldly phones Herbert saying that she knows he is the killer.Herbert 's compulsion to kill is overpowering . He frequents strip clubs in search of victims , follows them home , and then attacks them , often sexually molesting them . Watching the TV news , Herbert realizes who his mysterious caller is , setting up his inevitable visit to Jane 's apartment , where he torments and violates Tracy , before Jane arrives to send him into the shower.There 's not a lot of mystery in Eyes Of A Stranger , as Stanley Herbert is revealed rather early as the killer . John DiSanti is quite good in the role , although no effort is made to provide any background about the maniac . Besides Jane 's visit to Herbert 's apartment , there is n't much investigative work either . In this quick , hard hitting , 84 minute exploitative thriller , much of the focus is on the stalking and killing of the victims . Herbert favors using a blade , resulting in some nasty kills , including a decapitation , and several throat slashings.Jennifer Jason Leigh 's performance is perhaps the most daring , as she is assaulted , and later exposes her breast in a twistedly thoughtful scene . She looks about 15 , although she was already an adult at 19 . Although she would always be associated with Julie McCoy , Lauren Tewes briefly sheds her squeaky clean image . Eyes Of A Stranger is a no frills , down and dirty , misogynistic crime thriller that while following very predictable lines , provides some solid gut level thrills . Rating
 Got eyes of a stranger and it is indeed uncut and an excellent transfer to boot . No extras , but the fact that its widescreen , uncut and looks great on dvd . who cares ...
 twisted terror well worth it , there great movies , i got them just for the michael caine movieyet for the price all i can say is yippeeeeeee .
 These movies might be a bit old but they 're great to watch . Eyes of a Stranger was my favorite . The acting is good in all of them and the price is a bargain .
 These films are not great by any means but the set as a whole is well put together in keepcases instead of those horrible slimline cases . I think we could have done without the banner/borders on the front of the cover art stating `` twisted terror collection '' Warner Bros always does a great job with original poster artwork etc. . . but this I think they are trying to make people believe they are seeing a bunch of films in the same line of Saw and Hostel they are not , which is a good thing .
 END
 Since it is not included in the description , the collection includes the following titles :1 . Deadly Friend -LRB- Wes Craven -RRB- 2 . Dr. Giggles3 . Eyes of a Stranger4 . From Beyond the Grave5 . The Hand -LRB- Oliver Stone -RRB- 6 . Someone 's Watching Me -LRB- John Carpenter -RRB-
 1978 's `` Halloween '' ignited a firestorm in the low budget film making industry and by 1980 , a mere two years later , you saw slasher movies increasingly upping the ante and getting more and more graphic and explicit , some examples being `` Maniac , '' `` Do n't Go in the House , '' and the Italian `` Macabre . `` One other notable example from this year was Ken Wiederhorn 's suspense/terror film `` Eyes of a Stranger , '' which was released by Georgetown Productions , the company that marketed the same year 's original `` Friday the 13th . `` Though in his film guide Leonard Maltin dismisses `` Eyes of a Stranger '' as `` utter trash , '' I find it to be one of the very best psycho chiller/thriller movies of the early '80s . The plot concerns a sicko psycho who is terrorizing Miami in a series of rape/murders , and a TV newswoman -LRB- Lauren Tewes -RRB- who gets hunches as to his identity . When no one will believe her or support her case , she embarks on her own private quest to see justice served that eventually leads her into the creepy haunts of the killer 's apartment . Finally , her younger sister -LRB- Jennifer Jason Leigh -RRB- , who is blind , deaf and mute as a result of a childhood kidnapping , is established as a potential victim.The opening scenes of this movie , in which the killer stalks and follows home a lovely bartender named Debbie -LRB- played by the gorgeous Gwen Lewis -RRB- , sets the stage for the bite-your-nails level of suspense of the whole movie . The sicko first harasses her with a series of obscene , sick twisted heavy breathing phone calls that he makes from a nearby payphone -LRB- this was 30 years ago after all -RRB- and eventually enters her apartment.As said in the header , `` Eyes of a Stranger '' takes its cues just as much from the Alfred Hitchcock traditions of suspense as it does from the more contemporary use of splatter effects -LRB- handled by the one and only Tom Savini -RRB- and gratuitous nudity . In addition to the aforementioned Gwen Lewis , a number of the women here are remarkably hot . I thought Jennifer Jason Leigh was adorable in 1982 's `` Fast Times at Ridgemont High '' and here at 18 in her film debut , she is really fine and even bares a bit of skin at the end.Thus , despite the presence of Lauren Tewes , `` the Love Boat '' this movie ai n't . It is definitely one for adults only and I would n't recommend anyone under 18 viewing it.With its combination though of extremely suspenseful and well directed stalk and kill scenes and first rate acting by the two female leads , I consider `` Eyes of a Stranger '' to be a classic that will hopefully find the audience it deserves on DVD . Highly recommended to any fans of quality terror films .
 OMG ! Dont let the `` R '' ratings listed on the sleeves fool you ... Both EYES OF A STRANGER and DEADLY FRIEND are the super rare UNCUT versions that were given X-Ratings by the MPAA!Whata treat ! I wonder if Warner 's knows this ?
 Recipient of some of the decade 's worst reviews , this film deserves a better fate . It has moments of sheer , unadulterated terror that makes the shower scene in Psycho look like Mr. Rogers ' Neighborhood in terms of visceral impact . I 'm not putting down the Master , but `` Eyes of a Stranger '' works as a tribute to him . I think he really would have enjoyed this film . It does what Hitchcock liked to do best , manipulate the audience .
 Lauren Tewes -LRB- of The Love Boat fame -RRB- and the talented Jennifer Jason Leigh -LRB- Single White Female , Dolores Claiborne -RRB- in her film debut star in this horror/suspense thriller about a killer who stalks , rapes and murders young women . Jennifer Jason Leigh plays Tracy , both deaf and blind from a molestation attack when she was a young girl . Lauren Tewes plays her sister Jane Harris , a gutsy TV reporter who blames herself for the attack on Tracy . One night in the parking garage , Jane witnesses some strange activity from one of the male tenants . She begins to keep tabs on the man as she hears of more young women being murdered in the area . Could the killer be the strange man she is spying on ? Taking a key from the maintenance room , she breaks into his apartment and her suspicions are confirmed . Going even further , she calls him up on the phone and taunts him much like he does to his victims . Unfortunately , Jane makes a slip while giving a report on the news as the killer watches . Now he knows who she is and where she lives . While taking another look around his apartment she notices the man from across the way in her apartment attacking Tracy . With an explosive finale , Eyes of a Stranger is a rare gem of a movie released during the horror slasher craze . Although this is more of a Hitchcock-inspired suspense film . Eyes of a Stranger also pre-dates many films where women are not helpless victims , but women who are capable of fighting back . I highly recommend this entertaining thriller !
 The TWISTED TERROR COLLECTION consists of 5 horror movies of varying quality and frightfulness . SOMEONE 'S WATCHING ME has Lauren Hutton as a woman victimized by a phone-stalker / homicidal maniac . This guy just wo n't quit ! Hutton changes her number , moves , etc. , but the freak keeps finding her ! John Carpenter did his best within the suffocating limits of network TV . Adrienne Barbeau -LRB- The Fog , Creepshow -RRB- and Charles Cyphers -LRB- The Fog , Halloween 1 +2 , Assault On Precinct 13 -RRB- co-star . EYES OF A STRANGER is about a TV news anchor -LRB- Lauren Tewes -RRB- who witnesses a man throwing away his bloody shirt , and believes he might be the very serial rapist / killer she 's been reporting on ! Not bad . This one features the infamous decapitation / fishtank scene ! It 's also Jennifer Jason Liegh 's -LRB- The Hitcher , Single White Female -RRB- debut film . FROM BEYOND THE GRAVE gives us Peter Cushing as the owner of an odd little antique shop where any customers caught stealing from / cheating the owner are dealt with in strange and diabolical ways . This Amicus anthology is almost as good as TALES FROM THE CRYPT and ASYLUM . It has five stories w / stars like David Warner -LRB- The Omen , Time After Time -RRB- and Donald Pleasence -LRB- Halloween 1 +2 , Raw Meat , Phenomena -RRB- ! It 's like a mini-classic collection within this collection ! THE HAND is Oliver Stone 's take on horror . We get Michael Caine -LRB- Dressed To Kill -RRB- as a cartoonist who loses his hand in a car accident . Weird things begin happening and people start dying . We do n't know if it 's the creeping hand or Michael Caine 's crumbling mind causing the deaths ! This one 's goofy but fun . Wes Craven 's DEADLY FRIEND is a completely ridiculous story about a teen who re-animates his ghoulfriend , only to have her go bananas and start killing people . Still , DF is somehow watchable , even addictive ! I liked the characters -LRB- especially Samantha -RRB- and find myself watching this one a lot . Of course , I love Anne Ramsey 's head-exploding-like-a-tomato-with-an-M80-stuck-in-it scene ! I 'm sick ! DR. GIGGLES is a showcase for Larry Drake 's -LRB- Darkman -RRB- skills as a darkly humorous psycho-surgeon w / his black bag of -LRB- lethal -RRB- tricks . His one-liners and notorious chortling make this one a true creeper-keeper ! Well , there 's the lot . TWISTED TERROR is definitely worth owning ...
 I stumbled upon this movie completely by accident , and it was an extremely pleasant surprise . Anyone who has glanced at my reviews knows that I am a big fan of slasher movies . This one is more of a traditional psychological thriller , but made much better by featuring elements from the slasher , mystery , and suspense genres . It 's all in how you do it . The basic premise is similar to other thrillers . But I feel it 's substantially superior because they choose to shroud the proceedings in mystery . Eyes of a Stranger succeeds by building an ambience that is all its own.While it is set in the heart of a big city , the film always maintains a sense of extreme intimacy . It centers relentlessly around a few key characters , and , as the action unfolds , you are left with the sensation that they are the only people on the planet . One other key point-while the setting is urban , the movie does not suffer from that squalid look that some films had during the 70 's and 80 's . The bulk of the movie takes place in various apartments -LRB- the heroine 's , the villain 's , one of his victims ' -RRB- . In other words , you do n't wind up feeling as if you have spent two hours cruising a slum . Even when the story does venture into the uglier parts of town , things are still presented with class and a degree of taste that could easily have been missing from something dealing with this type of subject matter . This is a visually appealing film.There is a moment , near the opening of the film , where we are shown an empty phone booth on a dark , deserted street . A typical psychological thriller would omit such a scene-it contributes nothing to the plot , after all . We all knew he HAD to leave the phone booth eventually.But this movie takes the time to show you that empty phone booth . A moment like this , trivial though it might seem , goes a long way to build a sense of dread and mystery . And this makes all the difference.There are three main characters , and each is , oddly enough , quite visually arresting , although in wildly divergent ways.The primary character , played by Lauren Tewes , is a tv anchor lady . I suppose she is best known for her role on the Love Boat . Her physical dimensions are striking in the most obvious way-and my personal favorite-in that she is a gorgeous blonde . Plus , she is the best kind of gorgeous-she retains an everyday quality about her . She does n't look as airbrushed or pencil-thin as many of today 's sexpots do . And she 's better in her part than you might anticipate from someone whose major accomplishment hitherto was floating around the ocean on a cruise ship.Her little sister is quite attractive , as well . However , what makes her so interesting is that her character is deaf-mute , as well as blind . She has minimal facial expression , and no spoken lines , and yet she still manages to exude something . I ca n't really put it into words . It 's something of an intangible thing . I suppose you 'd have to see it to appreciate what I 'm saying . But the girl really does hold her own , and manages to be a strong presense in the film , even considering the limitations that are built into her role.Now , the villain is also visually arresting , but in a completely different way . The man is a rapist-serial killer . And he looks the part . He is a bit of a throwback . While he dresses well , and his apartment appears clean and neat , there is a definite caveman quality to the guy . He 's got a powerful , brutish look about him . As I said , he 's a throwback to the days when people associated muscles with actually doing something , as opposed to serving as ornaments for pool-side frolics , a la Mario Lopez or somebody . There 's absolutely nothing pretty about this guy , but you can believe him in the role . He 's got a back and torso like a weightlifter . But when they show him tucking in his shirt , he 's got virtually no gut . When a man 's shirt bulges out in the BACK , not the front ... when his back is wide , and thick ... when his trapezius muscles are extremely prominent ... . that 's typically a sign of a brutishly strong man.The story is straightforward . A newslady suspects her neighbor is a serial killer . She investigates . And when he realizes her intentions , he decides to take it out on her handicapped sister . And it is HERE that the visual dimensions of the characters make the most profound difference . The climax of the movie finds the teenaged girl being stalked by the killer . You look at her , and see the small frame , the delicate features , the utter vulnerability . And in him you see someone so much bigger , so much stronger ... . and so unabashedly sadistic and depraved.Her helplessness does nothing to arouse any sense of pity in this man . And her age and disability do nothing to diminish his craven sexual appetites , either . You can tell , from the expression on his face , that having a beautiful young blind girl at his disposal is probably his idea of heaven . She 's healthy enough for him to enjoy sexually , but unable to fight back in a consistently effective fashion . She 's right next door to being helpless , but not quite ... which I think adds to his enjoyment . She can move , and she can put up a token fight , but that 's about as far as it goes . Check out the look on his face when she grabs that knife to try to defend herself . That 's a happy man . He would n't mind if this went on forever.Watching the two of them together ... I 'm not sure I 've ever experienced a more striking sight , in terms of sheer physical and moral opposites . The dynamic between the two of them is probably the most effective dimension to this film . This is one final cinematic confrontation that really stands out.It 's an outstanding movie . And for traditional slasher fans , like myself , some of the stalking scenes are exceptional , as well . The opening segment , where he hunts down a waitress in her apartment , is classic . Very nicely crafted . This segment is as strong as most of what you 'll find in the more traditional slasher movies . The musical score for Eyes of a Stranger is also very good . There is something very moody and understated about it.The relationship between the two sisters is handled well , also , and serves as a nice contrast from the more sinister aspects of the story . The two have a real warmth between them . They add a gentleness , a softness , and a humanity that is often lacking in movies such as this.I really like this movie .
 We 've watched many Holocaust films & documentaries and read hundreds of stories regarding this horrific time in our world 's history . It is a delight when a historical piece comes alive that is inspiring in this way -- documenting how a village , teachers , and a kind-hearted man got together to save Jewish children needing refuge in a place they could call home for a while . There are no graphic scenes nor specific verbal descriptions of what happened to people in the concentration camps , so this is really a film you can share with people of any age . In other words , this would be fine to show in schools because of its accuracy and forwardness , yet there 's a certain care taken to not horrify a viewer with graphic images or depictions of violence .
 Excellent documentary coverage of a small slice of WWII . The Jewish children , separated from their families , gathered at Chabannes in France with hopes of evading the German death camps . The caretakers provided schooling and an almost normal life as the threat of extermination came closer and closer to the 400 children at Chabannes , a small French village.The interviews with the survivors , including the teachers , gives a good picture of the life there . The many photos and written accounts round out the documentary . Very well done !
 I teach sixth graders . We spend time learning about the Holocaust from our WWII unit in our SS book , as well as , our novels . I have just added a film to these studies ... `` The Children of Chabonnes '' . All I can say is WOW ! It was more touching , informative , and upliftingthan I imagined . It was wonderful . I thought of a hundred ways to use this in school ... ok , I may be exaggerating , but it is goingto be a great asset to our curriculum . I cried at a few beautiful statements which I do n't do easily . The members of this crew are to be congratulated for a job well done ! Guess I better have tissues ready in my classroom . The music was perfect ... and the camera shots , dialogue , and updates on the `` children '' added a valuable , insightful component to this award-winning testimonial !
 `` The Children of Chabannes '' is a compelling documentary that focusses on the heroic acts by the villagers of Chabannes in unoccupied France who helped save the lives of German-Jewish refugee children . Filmmaker Lisa Gosells ' documentary is quite personal as her father and uncle were two of those Jewish children saved from the Nazis.Between 1939 and 1943 , Chabannes was the location of choice by the Oeuvre de Secours aux Enfants , or OSE , a Jewish social service organisation that placed 400 German-Jewish children at an old chateau under Feliz Chevrier , a non-Jew . The children ranged in age between 2 and 17 . Though Chevrier died in 1962 , some of his colleagues and secretary are featured in this documentary . Most notably featured are the Paillassou sisters who were schoolteachers , Rachel Pludermacher , the first teacher recruited by the OSE to instruct Jewish refugee children and many other remarkable people.The documentary is very engaging as it features accounts by the surviving children and of course , the amazing and courageous townspeople who risked everything to protect them . It is a testament to a community that refused to give in to the Nazi tyrants - simple , ordinary people who did extraordinary good things in a horrific time .
 A very well made documentary of good deeds in the bad time of the German Occupation of France . An occupation brings out the worst and the best in people . This movie shows the courage of the good man and women in a small town in France . The interviews , after the war , with the people that helped the Jewish school children to survive and with the grown up survivors are moving and uplifting.John Dirks
 It is so hard to imagine what thosepeople went through . Hats off toall of those who gave a helping handand their hearts .
 Just watched Children of Chabannes . So very lovely , touching , warm , personal , educated me on so many fronts , and downright
 What an inspiring film ! It tells of how a village , Chabonnes , in unoccupied France , during WWII , supported a chateau school of Jewish refuge children . The children left a situation of dire straits in Germany and Poland to attend a setting where they were educated , nurtured and loved . Most would never see their parents again . What stays with the viewer , long after the film 's end , is not just how much the children benefited from the school , but how much the school and its faculty gained from the children , as well .
 `` The Chateau of Charbannes '' exemplifies the light of human spirit when surrounded by encompassing evil . Despite the horrors of war , persecution and justifiable fear of punishment , a band of dedicated French heros and heroines successfully demonstrated their belief in the equality of all people , by working to save hundreds of Jewish refugee children in the village of Charbannes , once part of Vichy France . In the film , one of the OSE rescuers describes the period of the chateau as `` a luminous time . `` In the 1940 's , Charbannes was a rural village of modest farmers known for their `` republican '' sentiments and their stolid disbelief in the exhortations of Vichy propaganda . All of the Jewish children who were housed , fed and schooled in the Chateau of Charbannes were refugees from Nazi-occupied Europe . Some of them had narrowly escaped concentration camps in Germany . At the chateau , they led a safe , nurtured existence until 1943 , when the inevitable quotas for death camp transport were issued in earnest by the Vichy regime . Despite the available depth of Holocaust literature , one can not fail to feel shock and dismay at hearing the Charbannes rescuers and survivors recall how Vichy officials demanded exhaustive details concerning innocent , traumatized Jewish orphans . To the everlasting honor of the OSE staff and French teachers at Charbannes , the children of the chateau were dispersed by the Charbonnes rescuers into the local forests and later guided to refuge elsewhere . `` The Chateau of Charbannes '' is a wholly uplifting and successful work , laden with the gleam of the French rescurers , teachers and refugee children who went on to live productive , meaningful lives . The film 's narrative is unsentimental and honest , composed of interviews with the surviving teachers and students of Charbannes . The closing film credits list Eli Wiesel as one of the films advisers , which for me , bears witness to its authenticity as Holocaust memorial . This excellent film can and should be shown to young and old alike as an inspiring example of enlightenment and courage in a dark time . Highly , highly recommended .
 Extraordinary documentary about the people of the Creuse region of France who , during World War ii courageously opened their homes and schools to hundreds of Jewish immigrant children providing them with shelter and education . Interviews with surviving children and educators add poignancy to their story . Intensely moving and incredibly uplifting , `` The Children of Chabannes '' is a testament to ordinary people who risked their lives to protect and nurture children in the face of the inhuman brutality of the Nazi regime . This is a superb film , one that reduced this 53-year old man to tears .
 This movie has some very interesting content . I 'm looking to take a trip to the west coast and am now looking forward to catching the Shakespearean Festival and checking out Lithia Park . The film showed some absolutely beautiful footage of Ashland . I 'm also a nature buff , so I ca n't wait to take it all in . Great narration as well . Highly recommend this film if you 're planning to take a trip to Oregon !
 Lots of beautiful footage , especially of the deer , and it makes me wish I could get out of the city and visit ! The narration was great and the content was very interesting . A good way to spend a night !
 You will definitely want to plan a trip to the Southern Oregon area after experiencing this DVD . Whatever your interest , you will find it this DVD . The beauty of the Rogue Valley will take your breath away and you will think you have a front row seat at the Shakespeare Festival . Excellent video quality helps you experience the wonderful spirit of the region .
 The Destination Ashland DVD is the way travel movies should be made . The great pictures and wonderful narration transport the viewer to a place of wonder and serenity . When I closed my eyes I instantly found myself in a place of complete bliss . I have found myself longing to visit Ashland since I watched the DVD and I highly recommend it to all
 I just want to add that the video is very well edited , the footage is excellent , I really love the part about the Shakespeare festival , by the way is happening right now . Very informative DVD , great buy
 Anyone looking to visit Ashland should check this video out first . The footage is beautiful and captures the essence of the town . My daughter and I are planning a trip for this summer .
 this product is good . It has footage of nature , and places in oregon that are a visitor would like to see . It was worth the money .
 This DVD has some great footage of the area I will be visiting soon . I got it because I wanted to learn more about the area , and I have to say I was surprised by all of the beautiful footage and great narration . I learned they have a Shakespeare Festival and a great park and I am now looking forward to visiting this area .
 Ashland area in Oregon could be considered as one of the most beautiful places covered by other great movies like this one . Lithia Park was truly a great landmark to focus the footage of the movie . Every detail of the movie was really amusing making it really worth watching for .
 Absolutely beautiful footage of the Ashland area in Oregon , showing amazing detail of landmarks such as Lithia Park and all of the nature surrounding it . Great narration and gorgeous content make this video well worth it !
 This movie shows the best side of Oregon ! I was amazed how great Ashland , Oregon looks . This movie is n't like others with boring narration , it has great narration to be honest . I do plan on taking my next vacation here because of this movie .
 Ashland is a great little town , i visited there when i was a kid with my grandfather , he really liked the Ashland shakespear festival . the content of the dvd was quite interesting with beautiful footage and great narration . Just like i remember it what a great job . thank you
 I ordered this dvd to preview Ashland , Oregon to see if it might be a good place for a family vacation . The footage was beautiful and really showed what a great place Ashland seems to be . I 'm intrigued by the Shakespeare Festival and the nature shown by Lithia Park .
 I was looking for somewhere to go for vacation and bought this DVD because Oregon is one of the States I have never been to . I could not believe how beautiful Ashland is . This DVD shows the Shakespeare Festival , Lithia Park and so much more . This DVD also some has just beautiful footage of nature and is so intersting .
 A great way to learn and research Ashland Oregon . One of Oregon 's most unique towns . Enjoy the beautiful footage of the nature and wild life such as deer and others . Full of interesting content with great narration . I just simply enjoyed watching .
 This is a great little video on the quaint town of Ashland , Oregon . It has some intriguing content and takes you into the depths of all Ashland has to offer , from the charming Lithia park to my personal favorite , the Oregon Shakespeare Festival . This video contains beautiful footage of the town and the stunning nature and wildlife around it , highly recommended !
 Seriously anyone who into watching the travel channel to see different locations will truly like Destination Ashland , Oregon . Not only do you get to see some beautiful location shots of the are , but this DVD will also give you a wonderful and informative narration of the area . I never thought about visiting Ashland , Oregon but after watching this DVD , I am actually considering doing so now . Really well done . The Shakespeare Festival was portrayed just as imagined it when reading books . Great narration and interesting movie topic .
 Seriously anyone who into watching the travel channel to see different locations will truly like Destination Ashland , Oregon . Not only do you get to see some beautiful location shots of the are , but this DVD will also give you a wonderful and informative narration of the area . I never thought about visiting Ashland , Oregon but after watching this DVD , I am actually considering doing so now . Really well done .
 I love watching the beautiful footage in this dvd . It has some impressive and truly great footage . It really makes me want to visit Ashland , Oregon for myself .
 I 'm glad they came out with a video on Ashland , it 's a beautiful place with so much to offer . This video provides views of nature , the Shakespeare Festival , and Lithia Park . If you are into traveling in America , you will want to consider going there . My physical condition keeps me from traveling but I had to see this video after my friend told me about her visit there . Along with the sights , there is an interesting narration to keep you company .
 This DVD truly does capture the beauty of Ashland , Oregon . This place has a beautiful nature with deer , and this DVD has great narration and plenty of appealing content !
 I 've learned quite a bit about Ashland , Oregon from this video . The Shakespeare Festival definietley sounds like something I want to go to in the future . The video had great narration , and also showed the great nature sites of Oregon as well .
 Awesome !!! That is all I have to say about this movie !!!! My son has been looking into going to Southern Oregon University for college . He has like 10 colleges picked out though that he is thinking about , and I told him we could only visit three . So , I went online and found this Oregon DVD on Ashland , which is where Southern Oregon University is located . I bought it and just watched it with my son and it is one that we will be visiting ... I 've actually booked a trip for us to go in September !!!! Ashland just seems like a very very cool town to visit !!! I would have not had any idea that a small town in Oregon , could have so much to do if it were not for this neat Ashland , Oregon DVD . Now , enough of my blabbering let me tell you my review on the movie : Length : Perfect length , not too long , not too short !!! Just enough for you to sit back and relax and feel like you are visiting Ashland.Information
 This movie was so neat to watch ! I really love Ashland because I go there every year for the Shakespeare Festival . This DVD portrayed Ashland just like how it really is -- a small unique town in the United States . I highly recommend this movie to anyone who has been or is planning on going to Ashland . Two thumbs up for sure ! : - -RRB-
 This is a great movie ... i live in the area and it def . represents the city well ! Very informative and fun to watch , good narration and awesome footage of Ashland , . I have bought a few more to send to family . I really enjoyed it and highly reccommend it !!!
 Great footage of Ashland . I want to visit Southern Oregon , it 's such beautiful footage . The narration was really good . This is a great travel video !
 Wow is the best way that I can describe Ashland . Southern Oregon is absolutely beautiful . They managed to capture beautiful footage in this great DVD . I would recommend this to anyone who loves traveling .
 This movie was definitely a surprise to me . I was n't thinking much of it until I actually watched it and it actually had great narration and pretty cool footage . I would recommend this movie to anyone who 's even remotely interested !
 This is a great little travel video ... very fun to watch and really gives a good feel of what Ashland is like . I have not visited for quite sometime but am happy to see that a movie was made about Ashland . Very enjoyable and I will endorse this movie as a great addition to anyone 's DVD collection . Very informative and fun and perfect length .
 Loved it a lot ! Was just what I was looking for.The narration was n't boring like in some travel dvd 's I 've seen , and the video shots done were amazingly vivid and enchanting . Gave me some great tips on where I 'll be heading to in my next vacation .
 I was very impressed with the beautiful footage in this film . I am a nature person and when I saw the deer , I felt like I was at home !
 i 've seen many movies related to traveling , and this one is indeed among good ones . the content is absolutely descriptive , so is the narration . the video has captured beautiful footage of the place and nature . i loved it , and you would too .
 I REALLY LIKED THIS MOVIE AND HAVE GOTTEN IT AS A GIFT FOR MANY FRIENDS BECAUSE HOW BEAUTIFUL THE FOOTAGE IS AND HOW IT SHOWS NATURE IN OREGON AND ALL THE LIVING CREATURES LIKE DEER . ALSO IT HAS A GREAT NARRATOR WITH A VOICE THAT KEEPS YOU ENTERTAINED AND INTERESTED ! HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT ! FIVE STARS !
 THIS WAS A CHRISTMAS GIFT TO MY FATHER . HE IS A FAN OF EDDIE DEAN . HE USED TO WATCH HE WHEN HE WAS A KID . HE IS ENJOYING HIS MOVIES .
 After just viewing the film for the first time , I must say I came out of it thinking that I was extremely impressed . I 've been waiting for another film to be made on the world of auto racing , utilizing the technology we have today to add some incredible special effects into the film . Over a decade has passed since Days of Thunder , so how did they do this time with Indy Cars ? Very well . As far as the actual basis for the film 's plot , it does n't draw quite as well as Days of Thunder 's did . But the acting by both Kip Pardue and Til Schweiger , and the way the plot was acted out and presented really made the film have an unexpected impact . While neither Sly or Burt could come close to matching Robert Duvall , their performances were respectable and did n't lack much . The special effects , while a little much at times in terms of reality , were still awesome and presented very well . The filming techniques such as slo-mo and POV shots were used perfectly , and in extremely good form . As far as the DVD is concerned , the Picture and Sound quality are exceptional and the Extra 's are all there , from director commentary to deleted scenes with Sly 's commentary . Impressive enough to get me to go out and buy the DVD after renting it , so it 's certainly worth a viewing . If anything , it 'll give you a new respect for Auto Racing .
 I do n't usually review things but I just want to say I really like this movie cause it has realistic characters , upbeat music with groove and great effects . Is it entirely realistic ? No but its not a documentary . Its an action movie made for viewer enjoyment . Do you want to watch real racing ? Tune in to NASCAR or the Speed Channel . Want to watch a movie that has racing in it ? Get Driven .
 I was already a racing fan , but seeing this movie really was incredible , from both a racing standpoint , and an acting standpoint . The story was a little flat , but the special effects more than made up for it . Gina Gershon is an INCREDIBLE actress , and plays the role of Cathy very VERY well ... And with the DVD , you get to see a little more of the actress thanks to the added scenes . Only on DVD ^_^
 For some reason this movie did n't make any sense . Sylvester Stallone who was once the student , but is now the teacher ? How is that so ? Joe Tanto -LRB- Stallone -RRB- is a retired racer who has been brought back by his old circuit to teach the next best thing . Jimmy Bly is supposed to be the next best racer and he does n't approve of Tanto 's efforts to help him win . Balogna ! That kid does n't know who he 's messing with . Obviously he did n't watch the Rambo trilogy or the Rocky movies . You do n't mess with that deity ! Tanto ran into some of his old friends and his bitter ex-wife played by Gina Gershon . This movie should have been about Stallone and Gershon . Forget the children . If the two hotshot racers want to fight over the swimming chick , then let them ! Revile ! I want salvation from the deity , but no , he gets disrespected by two boys . They should know that their personal problems are n't going to help them to win the championship . Back and forth they go and in the second-to-last race they both show their true colors and save a fellow driver from dying . That was estimable of them , but in the final race , Tanto could have taken the championship from both of them . He should have ! Oh well , everybody lives happily ever after and I was disappointed that the immortal did n't come out on top like he always did .
 This movie was awesome . It had non stop action , great surround sound and the best acting I seen from Stallone in years . I think this movie is better than Days of Thunder , so buy it today ! Also the sound track is excellent .
 Great ... Wonderful ... Loved it ... What can I say I 'm a Sly freak ! This is one guy that seems to get better with age !
 It may be corny and inacurate , but thats not what its for . it gives a great insight into racing for those of you on the outside !
 I think Driven is one of the best movies I 've seen in a while , and I do n't understand how people can diss it so much . The actors do a great job , and it 's a movie that I just did n't want to end . Also , I 'm a fan of racing ... with Nascar being my favorite -LRB- ... -RRB- .
 I have watched CART racing for years and have adapted a reasonable working knowledge of many forms of motorsports . By saying that , Driven may not have been the finest auto racing movie of all-times , but is a respectable and enjoyable adaptation of the ultimate speed sport . As Champ cars blow by at speeds of near 150 MPH conservatively , Renny Harlin provided excellent camera shots giving a new appreciation of motorsports in the movies , in a fashion that was never seen since Grand Prix or Le Mans.The movie itself was very creative and enlighting as several actors and actresses including Sylvester Stallone , Kip Pardue and Burt Reynolds displayed great moments of emotions and passion within a Champ Car season . However , a shortfall within the movie was the poor depliction of an actual competition in a Champ car race . This problem was likely because the script did n't completely shake the Formula One racing template orginally planned for Driven.In summing up , This is n't the best film when considering accuracy to the real Champ car series . However , Driven has great qualities for a smart choice for family viewing .
 I 've heard what the critics have said saying that this movie does n't show any signs of the greatness of `` Rocky '' with Stallone writing and starring in it . Well , I have one thing to say to that ... wrong ! This movie kicks , I am a huge Stallone fan -- love the Rocky and Rambo series -- along with his other movies . This ranks right up there with Rocky and Rambo in my book.I have enjoyed numerous Stallone movies -- Rocky , Rambo , Over the Top -LRB- which I wish they 'd release on DVD by the way -RRB- , Cobra , Demolition Man , Death Race 2000 , etc. . And Driven is up in the top 10 . -LRB- 1 - 5 -RRB- Rocky Series -LRB- 6 - 8 -RRB- Rambo Series -LRB- 9 -RRB- Driven -LRB- 10 -RRB- Demolition ManIf you like Stallone , racing movies , or just plain action/drama you 'll LOVE THIS MOVIE !
 i thought this movie was very good it had great special effects and it for the most part realistic
 This movie is one of the best movies i 've ever seen . It may not be as action packed as the fast and the furious buty its just as good and Kip pardue is so hot ! I reccomend it to anybody who loves fast car movies .
 one hell of well - made entertaining movie ! do not focus on story , JUST enjoy speedy actionthen , No regret . . No doubt !
 While everyone knows that Stallone has done both great and terrible acting and writing jobs in the past , this one is , shall we say , not his best or worst . I first saw this movie in theaters , and being an avid open-wheel racing fan , I enjoyed the true substance of the movie
 I paid to see this movie in a theater about a month after it was in general release , after having read both a good number of the doubtful pre-release reports in the racing press as well as the post-release reviews by legitimate film critics . In other words , I went in expecting to be disappointed , but afterwards , I left pleasantly surprised and happy.I 'm a racing fan . I followed CART with strong interest for a long time until last year when I finally got so fed up with watching its `` management '' crash it into the wall over and over again that I eagerly switched to NASCAR . That said , I still hope new boss Chris Pook can get CART back on track . I have two points to make from that little bit of autobiography - I know something about racing and its business , and I know `` Driven '' does not convey the reality of either of those two things very well at all.But it does n't have to , nor should it . `` Driven '' is a fictional movie , not a documentary . Those people who know how exciting real open-wheel racing can be - and who also then know how it often is n't - who yearn for this movie to be only a highlight reel of great moves and passes will be disappointed . The folks who know and care that burning methanol fuel produces no visible flame will be upset to see visible fuel fires here . In short - those people looking for racing reality will not like this movie , and apparently a lot of people who reviewed the film on this site , were.But again - it 's a MOVIE , and this one does very well what movies are supposed to do
 I cut school and went to see `` Driven '' at the movies right after it first came out . It was an experience . After I left the theater , I was exhausted . It was precisely the kind of movie I avoid ... loud , flashy , and vapid . I was like , `` What in the hell was Sly thinking ? '' Cut to 5 months later
 My 5 year old son absolutely loves this movie . It is full of action and never gets boring . This is one of the few movies I do n't mind watching over and over again -LRB- you know how 5 year olds can be ! -RRB- . While it is not an `` Oscar '' contender , it is entertaining , and that is what movies should be . We have owned this movie for over a year and it is surprising how many people have not heard of thie movie .
 This is one of best car race movies I ever seen , I just feel there is something missing to the story . I noticed that Sylvester Stallone always trying something different for the past few years . Anyway , I am an automobile / F1 races sport enthusiast so I gave it four stars . I loved the scenes and the special effects .
 the movie might have some technical story lags but definately its a very entertaining movie and keeps you binded to ur seat ... its one of those feel good movies . . about perfomances . . sly stallone is good but i wish he got a longer role . . estella warren is damn damn hot -LRB- !! -RRB- and the rest of the cast is pretty good . . highly recomended for a lonely evening at home .
 Do I love this movie or what ?! When I saw Driven 4 times in a row at the theater 3 months ago , it kept my adrenaline pumping from start to finish ! I loved the different racing locations such as Toronto , Chicago , Japan , and Detroit . Yet , `` Driven '' puts you -LRB- the viewer -RRB- into the driver 's seat and pushes you way , way past the edge of your seat . Now , as far as the acting should go , `` Driven '' calls the attention to Sylvester Stallone as a retired race car driver that has been called back into action by his long-time friend and crew chief -LRB- Burt Reynolds -RRB- to help a rookie driver named Jimmy Bly -LRB- Kip Pardue from `` Remember The Titans '' -RRB- , who is slipping in the ratings due to the number of races that he lost , thanks to his nemesis , Beau Brandenburg -LRB- Til Schweiger -RRB- , who also has a very , very , very hot girlfriend -LRB- Estella Warren -RRB- . The features on the DVD were extraordinary , like the deleted scenes with Stallone commentary , the behind-the-scenes look at the making of `` Driven '' , and the trailer for the film . But all I have to say is that if you liked `` Days of Thunder '' from 11 years ago , then you 'll definitely love `` Driven '' !
 love the movie and so glad to have finally found it to add to my movie collection
 I have watched my VHS copy of Driven raw . That is why I am getting it on DVD now . I was reading some reviews from the people that gave this film 1 star . they were saying well this ca n't happen and that is not real . Well all I have to say to that is Superman is n't real , Spiderman is n't real , and I bet you watch those MOVIES . My point is , it is a MOVIE , it was made to entertain you , if you want REAL then watch the REAL thing , not a MOVIE !!!!! All in all this movie is filled with action and romance . And yeah the story line may follow a little like Days of Thunder but hey with this movie you get STALLONE !!!!!! What could be better than that ?
 I first saw this movie on VHS , which did not contain the deleted scenes . It was interesting , but seemed overdone . When I got it on DVD and watched the deleted scenes , Stallone 's story became clear
 Driven is a movie about a young , troubled Formula 1 racer , who gets help from a retired man -LRB- Stallone -RRB- , who was a great racer himself , back in the day.This movie has the craziest crash scenes , some of the best actors , and is overall a great movie . While having a small romance twist to it , Driven is well-balanced . The DVD has many great features , including about a half hour or more of deleted scenes , how the movie was made , at least an hour of the director 's comments and way more.Fans of racing or not , this is an awesome movie for everyone .
 Driven is a movie about a young , troubled Formula 1 racer , who gets help from a retired man -LRB- Stallone -RRB- , who was a great racer himself , back in the day.This movie has the craziest crash scenes , some of the best actors , and is overall a great movie . While having a small romance twist to it , Driven is well-balanced . The DVD has many great features , including about a half hour or more of deleted scenes , how the movie was made , at least an hour of the director 's comments and way more.Fans of racing or not , this is an awesome movie for everyone .
 Stallone is a formula driver and the film is about a group of formula drivers life .
 i personally love this movie and do n't see how anyone could not love it ! i am not a race fan at all so maybe that is why i like it !?! i do n't think that matters though ! i think the music is PERFECT and the camera shots and filming is PERFECT and the cast is PERFECT!i love this movie ! i did n't even mean to buy it actually i meant to buy the fast and the furious but i got the wrong movie and just decided to watch this for the heck of it to see kip purdue who is extremely hott ! i ended up falling in love with it ! i watch it mainly for the music now but then i still would watch it music or no ! i love the song they play when tanto does his `` audition '' i love it to death !!! cause some people got ta have it hey hey !! i ca n't imagine why one would not love this movie i recommend it to everyone i know on a daily basis and now i extend this advice to you ... WATCH THIS MOVIE IT KICKS ... !
 The speed was incredible . It was like a improved version of ` Days of Thunder ' . The special effects and seemingly realistic effects of what it 's like to be the driver at 250 mph was cool . The scene where Stallone and that kid drive through the streets in those race cars was way cool and the crashes were realisticly awesome.It was pure action , the amount of detail in all the different areas of the film was perfectly balanced , and the unlikely friendship that developed from character to character was a real feel good experience at the end.Move over ` Days of Thunder ' , racing in the movies just got a bit more intense !
 if you want realistic movies , good acting , great dialog , or some mushy love story you will hate this movie.But if you can sit through the Rambo trilogy , or the Rocky 5 pack.this one is for you , digital special effects are state of the art , some new ground broken here.take it for what it is , and do not take a date .
 The year 's most acclaimed movie is now it 's most anticipated DVD ! Arguably the most realistic look at Formula One racing ever put on film , DRIVEN should have no problem driving away with the major awards catergories at the upcoming Oscars . Led by the dynamic performance of the charismatic Kip Pardue , DRIVEN offers an inside glimpse at the lives of NASCAR heroes , on the track and off . Stunning direction from Renny Harlin , and a knowing , uncompromising script by Stallone , makes this a must-see and the overwhelming favourite for Best Picture of 2001 . Gentlemen , start your engines !!!
 This was a great movie ! It portrayed some very good morals such as friendship , good sportsmanship , and other things . There are a few bar scenes and some immodestly dressed women which is n't so great , but otherwise is a great movie.I think that this is probably Sylvester Stalone 's best movie he has ever done before . He acts like a real person!I also think that Til Schweiger , the driver `` Brandenburg '' was a great supporting actor . Thumbs up on this film ! -LRB- The racing scenes are really cool ! -RRB-
 what can i say this and Rocky is one of sylvester sttalone 's best work i mean the crashes is umbaliveble and the music and the story line so i think that this movie should have gotten better reviews by the public
 DRIVEN is a good racing movie . It has a really fast paced story that does not let up for one minute . What I really liked about it was how even though all the drivers race against each other they all like and help each other off -LRB- and on -RRB- the track yet they are still able to compete to their fullest . I thought that approach was original . The editing was really good , as were several of the car crashes . This is a well-made movie . GRAND PRIX was a great film on Formula racing as several reviewers have pointed out . However , GRAND PRIX was then and DRIVEN is now . DRIVEN will stand its place in time .
 this movie is for everyone that is interested in cars . Import cars , hotrods , wutevaz ... this movie is packed with high tense driving scenes.one of the best scene is where Tanto and BLy races in Chicago street with their F1 cars ... plot is descent , special effect and everything is EXCELLENT!also watch jackie chans thunderbolt and legend of speed
 You only have one life to live and everyone is entitled to their own opions.It is interesting how I do n't see any of our names on the credits.enough said ...
 If you enjoyed Days of Thunder , you will love this movie also . Enjoy !
 I watched this movie on DVD without a whole lot of expectations when it was first available on DVD . I was surprised with how exciting this movie is . Fast cars , beautiful people , F-1 car chase scene , and a few more adrenaline-pumping scene ! As far as the story line and character development , there is nothing much to be said here . Having said that , I never expect those qualities from a race car movie with Stallone anyhow . The sound quality is good . The deleted scenes with Stallone 's commentary provides a nice touch . The actor 's profile feature gave me some problem -- not being able to access all actor 's bio . I do n't know whether it was caused by my DVD player . Overall , it is a fun movie to watch with some nice extra features . It is worth renting . Buying is up to each individual .
 A new star and a old star cooperate and get the top.A race scene is very exciting . Especially , driving on a public way is unblievable.Indeed , a story line is poor , but you must be satisfied only with the racing scenes.I think acting is good . You wo n't be disappointed.Thank you .
 This is the kind of movie that Stallone cut his teeth on . He is like an icon out of the action movie past as an over the hill racer recruited to bring a young upstart out of his destructive downward spiral . That said the film is a series of vertigo inducing race sequences designed to have you reaching for the Dramaline . Wow ! Okay so the soap opera plot has been done before but it is diverting enough to provide ballast to those aerial races . Some charisma provided by the young leads and by that old pro Stallone . If you like race movies then buckle up .
 I am a die-hard racing fan . I like everything from NASCAR to 1/4 midgets . However , this movie , while some of the scenes are very well done -LRB- driving in Champ Cars through Downtown Chicago -RRB- , but the story is lacking . Movie is very comparablable to Days of Thunder where you have old crew chief helping young driver . Here you have old driver helping young driver . Days of Thunder definately had a little more story and better racing scenes as they travelled to Dover , Rockingham , Darlington and Daytona amoung other places . Most of the footage for Driven was shot in and around Chicago . Look at most of the starter 's stand and see it 's the same thing , just different signage . Most racing action was filmed at Chicago Motor Speedway in Cicero . Also Days of Thunder have hatred turn to friendship , Driven does , but not as strongly . Bottom line is that Driven will not help CART like Days of Thunder helped NASCAR .
 I have yet to experience the DVD , but I can attest that what I saw in the theater definitely delivers . I 'm sure that `` Driven '' was not very realistic to those that follow the sport , and that is ironically one of the movie 's best features . As someone who is not a fan or follower of CART or any other automotive racing , I was still captivated by the action and intensity of what drivers go through . Stallone defintely instilled in me a new respect for these men that I am now comfortable referring to as athletes . As a movie itself , `` Driven '' certainly does not have the most original script I 've come across , but it does embody the principles that have made me a loyal follower of Mr. Stallone
 Driven is a pretty much your typical racing flick . There are rivalries between drivers , people who go ` way back ' and therefore ` owe each other something ' , ticked off ex-wives , the pain of old failures still remembered , and the pressure to perform more today than yesterday . Typical racing movie drama junk . Of course , you are also treated to lots of crash scenes with stuff flying around , junk landing on spectators , things bursting into flames , and even a car that flys off and somehow ends up landing in a pond . Like I said , typical racing movie blather.The thing that elevates Driven above all of that is that , with all of it 's cheesiness , it is still entertaining . If you like special effects you will love this movie . There are some really great computer generated effects that include
 This movie , as released , is a feather-weight entertainment . Light on involving drama , high on digitally-enhanced racing sequences . Nowhere near the best of Sly Stallone 's career , but certainly better than most of the stuff he did in the '90s ; like ` Specialist ' , ` Assassins ' , ` Judge Dredd ' . On many DVDs , the ` deleted scenes ' are often of very little interest - you can usually tell why they ended up cut . That is NOT the case with `` Driven '' . The lengthy program of deleted/extended sequences gives us an idea of what Stallone 's original script was like . Character 's become fleshed out , plot holes and inconsistencies are rectified . The DRAMA of the film was clearly sacrificed for MORE ACTION . Yes , the racing scenes are important to the movie , but this clearly was at one time a more emotionally involving movie.This deleted scene selection can also be viewed with Stallone 's running commentary . It is very clear from listening to Mr. Stallone discuss these cut scenes that there was a lot of thought put into the script . After watching this , it is clearly incorrect to place the blame for `` Driven '' 's weaknessess on Sly . The final product is a far cry from his original vision.It is a shame that the editor was allowed to chop so much vitality out of this movie . Long ago , Stallone won an Oscar nomination for his screenplay to `` Rocky '' . I wish the movie he actually wrote had made it to theaters . This is a great example of the DVD format allowing us a glimpse into the filmmaking process . At least Stallone was able to prove himself capable of thoughtful expression to those who doubted him.One final thought on the extensive deleted/expanded scene segment ... These scenes are presented in their ` rough form ' , as Stallone explains . There is no music or special effects added . The sound has yet to be properly mixed . Nevertheless , the real heart and soul of the movie can be found in these ` rough ' scenes . They pack more emotional punch than all the loud music and digital effects of the final product.Give this film a chance . Spend some time with the supplemental materials on the DVD . -LRB- There is much more than what I have described -RRB- .
 When I first saw `` Driven '' , I thought it seemed sort of incomplete . Certain characters did n't really fit in with the story , relationships did n't develop into anything . I enjoyed the racing scenes . I 'm not knowledgeable about the sport , so I ca n't critique the realism -LRB- or lack of -RRB- . The racing scenes are exciting and tense , but whenever the characters talk to each other , the scenes seemed to end abruptly.Renny Harlin has directed some very entertaining movies , one of them was `` Cliffhanger '' , which also starred Sylvester Stallone . He also directed the second `` Die Hard '' movie . He knows what he 's doing when it comes to action flicks . So does Stallone of course , like him or not - he 's starred in and wrote some of the most commercially successful action films ever . So why was n't this movie better?Many other reviewers here have pointed out something that I will have to concur with . In nearly an hours worth of deleted and extended scenes , we have a chance to see what someone -LRB- unwisely -RRB- decided was unneccessary to the film . Scene after scene - not of extra , gratuitous racing footage - but of important drama between the characters . The story becomes much more fleshed out and the relationships deepen . No , this probably would n't have won any Oscars ... But I think it definitely would n't have been laughed off the screen by so many critics and viewers.This DVD really makes good use of the format . The extra scenes also have Stallone 's commentary throughout , which gives us even more information about what this movie was like before someone butchered it . Renny Harlin has a running commentary over the feature . There are two documentaries , one is a 15 minute look at the making of the film . The other doc is better , though fairly short , it is about how the special effects were accomplished .
 I REALLY LIKED THIS MOVIE , IT HAD NON STOP ACTION AND EXCELLENT ACTING BY EVERYONE . . THIS IS DEFINTELY ONE MOVIE TO OWN . . I HAVE IT ON DVD AND SURROUND SOUND IS EXCELLENT , EVEN THE SOUNDTRACK IS GOOD . . BUY IT AND YOU WO N'T REGRET IT . .
 Stallone should have directed this one , or at least edited it ! The movie feels kind of choppy and even though the race scenes are exciting , it seems like we never really get to know the characters . I was surprised then to watch the extra scenes -LRB- part of the special features -RRB- and see how much was removed from the film -- stuff that did exactly what the movie should have , let us get to know the characters . There deleted scenes run almost one hour!The director has an informative commentary track , Renny Harlin who also directed Stallone in `` Cliffhanger '' . There are two cool documentaries that tell about the making of the movie , and how they did all the great special effects.STACY EDWARDS really got the shaft on this movie . She plays Luc , the reporter who wants to do a story about Stallone 's character , Joe Tanto . She is essentially the romantic lead , as a relationship develops between her and Tanto . Her name is n't even on the box ! The deleted scenes reveal how important her role really is , many of her key scenes were left on the cutting room floor .
 First of all , people should understand that it 's a MOVIE and the main goal of a movie is entertainment . Stop whining about this or that . It 's not supposed to be exactly like in real life , when you tell a story you always embellish things to make them `` bigger or better '' than they actually were . Same applies here , the crashes are over the top yes , but it makes it more exiting . And it 's not like there 's 300 spectacular crashes in the movie , there 's 3 major crashes , so do n't push it.The true essence of the movie is relationship between people and the racing stuff is the theater of it.I really enjoy this movie , I 've seen it a dozen times and it does n't have the pretention to revolutionnize the film industry , but it 's certainly a very good entertainment . The actors are all great . Plus the DVD is packed with a lot of extras , Renny Harlin audio commentary , two featurettes and over 50 minutes of deleted and/or longer scenes with Stallone commentary for each of these scenes . For all the Driven haters
 Iam not a fan of car raceing eather , , , , , , This movie is GREAT !!! you should hear it in SOUROND SOUND !!!!!!! If you have the right stero and have the volume just right you can close your eye and it LITERLY feels like your their !!! . Anyway the movie is quite oranized it so good youde actully think about doing this for a liveing yourself ! lolHas a grea set of actors , to bad it didnt get the popularity it deserves !!!!!!! I would buy it , its a great collitable DVD !!!! and how about a Driven II !!!!!!!??????
 Whether you like NASCAR or whether you like Indy Car racing you 're gon na love this movie !
 The majority of the people have said that this movie was just another Sly movie that had bad plot and etc. . In actuality , this movie was a great movie . It had everything from action , to cool scenary , to great music . This movie had it all . Sly was pretty cool in the film and it seemed like a movie where Sly steps down from the hero and top action star . This movie is Highly Recommended . Pick one up .
 I am starting to think that most `` professional reviewers '' are just BIG SNOBS . I am educated , have good taste in fine things , and a regular movie watcher . I thought that Sly did a wonderful job with this movie . His role was wonderful ! It has action , romantic tension , feeling and etc. . The main plot problem I had was figuring out what was eating the Burt Reynolds character . I was able to watch this movie -- finishing at 4:30 am , after sitting withn my son in an ER for 4 + hours .
 We all know sly is not known for his acting skills rather more for making some great action movies , and Driven is not a disapointment !! . I know the film was slated by just about everyone but hey I LIKED IT and judging by a few of the other reviews so did others , so i cant be far wrong . if you want some great driving scene 's and some great special effects during the car shunts this is must , go on give it a try - what have you got to lose ...
 The critics are wrong on this one ! This well-paced film really takes you into the heart of open-wheel Indy car racing . The integration of the movie with real CART races was accomplished quite skillfully . Yes , the storyline is simple and predictable but who would go see Driven for the story ? I have to place this movie alongside LeMans , Grand Prix , and Winning as one of the best racing movies made .
 Kudos to the customer reviews that confirm what my initial reaction was when I saw the deleted scenes on the DVD ... what were the editors thinking ? The deleted scenes with Stallone 's commentary are excellent and confirm what Stallone insisted all along ... this is a PEOPLE movie , about the relationships , with car racing as a side note . The deleted scenes comprise a little over an hour of extra footage and serve to further develop the characters that are in this movie . And what we find with the added insight into these characters is that `` Driven '' is not a bad movie , as the critics and moviegoers insisted , but a good movie that was poorly edited . I agree with a fellow reviewer that I found myself angry that Stallone 's rather insightful movie with highly developed characters and real life situations and conflicts was hacked to pieces in the box office and condemned to mediocrity , thanks not to bad acting and poor storyline , but because some idiot in Hollywood tried to make this into a car movie and ruined it in the process.The racing scenes are awesome in this movie and the CG work is flawless . I have not gotten a chance to watch this part of the DVD yet ... saving it for another day . Sure , it 's not totally realistic ... in watching NASCAR , cars do n't pass at will like they do in this movie , and many of the crash scenes are a bit overdone , but that 's not the point . It 's entertaining and fun to watch . . that 's what movies are supposed to be about ... right?Give this one a chance . At least go down to your local movie store , rent the DVD , and check out the deleted scenes before you make a decision on this one . I think you will be pleasantly surprised .
 Rollicking good fun that finds Sylvester Stallone back on top of the action game in this drama about the carnivalesque world of race car driving . Sly also wrote the screenplay for this latest Renny Harlin flick , and as usual his running theme is that of humanity overcoming the need for competitive gain . Though his dialogue needs -LRB- and I mean needs -RRB- a lot of help , the relationships between characters in the film are much stronger than you would expect . Stallone plays an over-the-hill race car driver who quit years ago when it just got too tough , who finds himself back in the game when he 's asked to mentor the new boy in town -LRB- Kip Pardue -RRB- . Pardue has his own troubles , mostly those of trying to beat his racing nemesis -LRB- Til Schweiger -RRB- and maybe steal the guy 's girlfriend -LRB- Olympic-medalist swimmer Estella Warren , who in all fairness can act quite measurably -RRB- . The film really comes alive when Gina Gershon is on the scene ; I honestly do n't think any film should ever be made without her -LRB- watch the part when she wipes up the floor with Stacy Edwards and her mousy little face-it 's my favourite !! -RRB- Harlin 's directorial style steals greatly from the likes of Oliver Stone -LRB- particularly his work on Any Given Sunday -RRB- but as the film has three hundred percent more heart than that empty-headed football movie , all his thievery is forgiveable .
 Great movie & action . A beautiful behind the scences in the racing world It 's a must see 4 all racing fans !
 Before saying anything else , I must immediately precise that I know next to nothing about car races and therefore , if there are inaccuracies about this subject in this film -LRB- and it seems there are -RRB- I was simply unable to notice them . But frankly , I prefer it that way , because I rather liked this little unsophisticated , relaxing , gentle `` feel good '' film.Made in 2001 and directed by Renny Harlin -LRB- who also made the excellent `` Deep Blue Sea '' -RRB- `` Driven '' was Stallone 's pet project . He wrote the scenario and produced the film and of course also played in it - but he willingly took much less time screen than could be expected . There are many more or less famous faces appearing in this film and they were given quite a lot of place.Burt Reynolds is of course the greatest star playing Carl Henry , a ruthless , efficient -LRB- and wheel-chair riding -RRB- owner of a renowned racing team . His team has a chance to win this year World Series thanks to an incredibly gifted rookie Jimmy Bly -LRB- played by a little known actor , Kip Pardue -RRB- - but as this young man shows signs of instability , Henry brings back to the team a veteran driver Joe Tanto -LRB- Stallone -RRB- to mentor and assist him . In the meantime the current world champion , Beau Brandenbourg -LRB- Til Schweiger -RRB- , upset by his recent defeats , breaks in a very mean way with his gorgeous girlfriend Sophia -LRB- Estella Warren -RRB- . In significant second roles we can also see Gina Gershon as Tanto 's ex-wife , Christian de la Fuente as her new husband and Robert Sean Leonard -LRB- later to become famous as Wilson in `` House , M.D '' -RRB- as Bly 's older brother.The film tells the story of World Series races but also of tensions and conflicts between people mentioned above.Although it can certainly not be considered as a masterpiece or even a major film , I was suprised by the amount of `` flak '' this movie received -LRB- and keeps receiving -RRB- on every conceivable web page I could find . Me personally , I rather liked it and I found some moments very endearing - especially the ending . I also found that Henry , Tanto and Brandebourg were all pretty interesting characters.I was also very impressed by the scene in which Estella Warren -LRB- who , before being an actress , used to be an olympic level swimmer -RRB- gives to her boyfriend -LRB- lucky little ba . . ard ! -RRB- a personal show of synchronic natation - and a little bit more . And frankly , I never imagined , that a girl can say `` Ribbit , ribbit '' in such a sexy way ... For me the great quality of this film was its `` feel good '' character - when the credits started to roll , I felt pretty relaxed and I was smiling . OK , may be it was a silly smile , but still - I spend a nice moment watching it . And I found the races very interesting and pretty dramatic and finally I am quite happy that I was unable to notice what was wrong with them.It is a nice , soothing , gentle , relaxing , a little bit silly but quite entertaining film , very much adapted to watch with your wife or girlfriend . Enjoy !
 Well I finally got and watched this fantastic racing movieOne of Sylvester Stalone 's best acting action moviesIt is a thrilling experience just to watch such a great racing movieeven had crash scenes but no one dying in it.so do give it your support and order it here on Amazonchfancierfancier of fine movies
 I loved this film ! As is the case with many Stallone films , there were interesting characters in the film who either had to face situations where they made decisions that showed their true character OR they were battling personal demons that had to be overcome . I 'd recommend it to anyone.It was exciting , riveting , and raised my faith in the human spirit .
 Um ... well . . okay . . the graphics sucked , but there is just something about this movie that makes me wan na watch it over and over . I could n't stop watching the scene where they race in the Chicago streets , although it seemed obvious no one in their right minds would do such a thing . ^_^ ! I enjoyed this movie-with a sucky story line-sucky graphics - but a beyond normal pull .
 I saw Driven on opening night , and I thought it was a pretty good movie . I am a big F-1 fan and while this movie may have not been the most realistic racing movie , its much more realistic than say ... Days of Thunder was to NASCAR . I thought the movie was for the most part realistic , and I have always been somewhat intriguied by the lifestyles of F-1 and CART race car drivers . I thought the end of the last race was the only really unrealistic part in the racing sequences . I think the drama beyond the racing parts was good , even though younger kids might be bored by it because it was pretty much just about the relationship between the girl and the two drivers fighting for the championship . What happened in those circumstances was good and it suprised me . The movie was good , not great , and with Estella Warren as the lead female , can you really go wrong ?? : -RRB-
 A love story yes , but also a story of life . Two lessons to be learned in this film . . Love and Determination !
 I am ont that is not into racing at all , but I really enjoyed this movie a lot . It had a lot action and kept glued to the T.V the whole time .
 An excellent movie for fans of CART . If you do n't like auto racing stay away .
 `` Welcome to the Human Race '' This was the clever metaphor used in descibing the movie , and the movie tried to emphasise the good and the bad of human nature , interestingly enough , through the racing world . I looked forward to the DVD , having missed it in theaters . There were certain things about Driven that were satisfying ; however , it fell short of being an awesome flick for me with a few flaws that could have been corrected.The F1 premise was intriguing and promising . Obviously , you ca n't expect a movie like Driven to be entirely accurate - it 's Hollywood . Unlike others , I was impressed by Stallone 's role . He plays a convincing supporting character and gives a genuine performance - reminiscent of the Rocky V mentoring w / Tommy Gunn . Other great performances included Til Schweiger 's German antagonist , Stacy Edwards as the journalist , and Christian de la Fuente as the rival driver who marries Sly 's ex . The racing graphics and effects are also superb ! The Chicago downtown race is definitely funny and memorable . The diverse soundtrack really adds to many scenes and greatly helps the movie . The DVD commentary and background info also helps but is more like too little , too late.Unfortunately , the holes in the plot and certain dialogues mortally wound this one . I laughed out loud at some of Bly 's lines and his `` transformation '' is trite and unbelievable . Estella does a par job as ` Sophia ' , obviously not her full potential . Sorry but Burt is just a big stinker in this one - part his fault and in part to the gaps in info and background surrounding his character . Also , some scenes are terribly connected ! Kudos to the editor on that :-RRB- . I asked myself if I would still like Driven if it did n't have F1 cars and the racing scenes , and the answer was unfortunately no . The plot is just too bland - something that could have easily been fixed . Oh well . OH , and is it just me or does Memo Moreno 's last name suddenly change to Heguy in the credits ?!? Just absurd.Bottomline is , while I have the poster on my wall and DVD on my shelf , the movie is n't for everyone . If you can take it for what it 's worth , Driven is worth the drive but misses the pole position in my list of top action/suspense films .
 This showed the lives in the racing circut . A lot of times it is not all fun and games . You have to learn how to balance the two . Sometimes things go wrong and you have to roll with the punches .
 _ Marion bridge _ is a difficult movie to comment on
 I have not read the book that MARION BRIDGE is based on , but the movie 's plot is easy enough to summarize . A young woman returns to her hometown in Cape Breton to join her two sisters in caring for their ailing mother.But while that may be the plot , the story is much deeper and richer . All three of the actresses playing the sisters are quite good at biting off their lines of dialogue with each other in that familiar familial way people have . And while the movie does ultimately have a few cheesy moments , the film 's intelligent direction and the presence of the actresses -LRB- there are virtually no men in this film -RRB- more than make up for it.By the way , do n't be thrown off by the strangely awful jazz music that opens the film . It does n't fit the tenor of the story -LRB- it almost seems like something from a horror film -RRB- . The film itself has no violence , sex , or even strong language that I noticed.SIDELIGHT
 `` Marion Bridge , '' as the other reviewers have noted , is a drama about three estranged Irish-Canadian sisters , Theresa , Louise , and Agnes , who reunite to help their dying mother . Actually , only one sister is estranged , Agnes , played by Molly Parker , who apparently developed a serious drug/alcohol problem as a teenager and fled from her Cape Breton Island home to Toronto years ago and has since had only fleeting contact with her family . However , at film 's beginning she has returned home , having recently accepted sobriety , in order to mend fences with her family.It 's not easy . Her oldest sister , Theresa -LRB- Rebecca Jenkins -RRB- , resents Agnes ' attempts to `` meddle '' into what she views as her responsibilities - the care of their mother and Louise . In addition , Louise -LRB- Stacy Smith -RRB- , an unambitious tomboy whose life revolves around tv hockey games , looks upon Agnes ' return as an unwanted disruption of normality and something to be tolerated until Agnes abandons them again . Agnes insists that she 's changed and throws herself into the care of their dying mother -LRB- Maguerite McNeil -RRB- of whom we get the idea was not a good mother.However , Agnes ' return is not just about reuniting with her sisters , but also to confront the issue that undoubtedly drove her self-destructive streak . She 's drawn continuously to a small antique shop to look upon Joanie , the sixteen year old girl who works and lives there -LRB- played by baby-faced Ellen Page who actually looks like she 's twelve , and whose knock-out performance in the 2005 movie `` Hard Candy '' is what led me to watch `` Marion Bridge '' -RRB- . Also , she and her sisters must confront the man whom they all blame for nearly ruining their lives - their father.Overall , `` Marion Bridge '' is a well-acted and character driven film . However , it does have a `` Lifetimey '' feel about it , but that 's a given when dealing with a low budget drama about familial relationships . Yet the film kept me interested in these characters , and I was particularly moved by the storyline involving Joanie and Agnes -LRB- Also minor SPOILER ALERT - I really liked how Agnes does the right thing as to that relationship -RRB- . Molly Parker is very good in the role of Agnes , a woman whose made mistakes and is now trying to win back trust , and she 's also stunning to look at.This is the second movie I 've seen set in Cape Breton Island this year . The other was Allan Moyle 's delightfully quirky 1999 film , `` New Waterford Girl . '' Since the two films share the same setting , they also share the same overcast skies and stark landscapes . I 've heard some complaints about both films from Cape Breton Islanders about how skies above their homes are not perpetually overcast . However , I like it . As someone who grew up in northeast Ohio , where we did n't get that many sunny days either , I found the overcast skies comforting . Further , the landscapes exhibited in both films have me thinking of Cape Breton as a possible vacation destination . Finally , both films feature Allister MacGillivray 's lovely `` Song for the Mira '' which I guess has become a sort of unofficial anthem for Cape Breton Island . It 's such a pretty song . In `` Marion Bridge '' it is sung by Molly Parker , Stacy Smith , and Rebecca Jenkins , and they 're not bad !
 Wiebke von Carolsfeld 's family drama Marion Bridge is an interesting little film about the power of family to both help and hinder us on the path of life.Based on the play by Daniel MacIvor the story of three sisters who come together to care for their dying mother explores the tenous relationships that develop within a family.As the New York Times aptly put it `` When `` Marion Bridge , '' a small , exquisitely acted Canadian film , is observing the psychological tensions of three grown-up sisters attending their dying mother in a small Nova Scotia town , it uncovers a complexity and depth of feeling rarely glimpsed in a family drama . It 's all in the details , as they say . And `` Marion Bridge , '' adapted by the director Wiebke von Carolsfeld from a play by Daniel MacIvor , takes the raw ingredients of soap opera -- the spilling of family secrets and the opening of old wounds as a parent slips away -- and spins them into something truthful and quietly compelling `` The film presents a breakthrough performance by Molly Parker as youngest sister Agnes , who has to fight her own demons before she can truly join the ranks of her family . The movie , is at its best when evoking the volatile mixture of small-town boredom and seething hothouse hostilities that threaten to turn an enforced family reunion into a battleground . The strongest part of the film is the acting by is ensembe cast and is worth the price of admission just to see that dynamic . Add the bleak Nova Scotia locale and we have an interesting film that in its own way is quite enjoyable . While it may not deal with easy subjevt matter the film is well worth watching and has quite a bit of emotional impact .
 Marion Bridge is a heavy-duty and emotionally draining experience not just for the viewers , but even more so for the three Cape Breton sisters . Howevever , all that they have endured over the decades or just during their reunion days together , will have a wonderful and meaningful outcome . Do prepare yourself for some tearjerking moments as this film can be kind of heartbreaking , especially the three leads are so impeccable to watch!Having moved or ran away from home to Toronto more than a decade ago , Agnes -LRB- Molly Parker -RRB- is called by her older sister Theresa -LRB- Rebecca Jenkins -RRB- to come home to care for their ailing alcoholic mother -LRB- Marguerite McNeil -RRB- , who had never cared about her daughters . The youngest sister Louise -LRB- Stacy Smith -RRB- is also reluctant to be involved in any family matters . It 's not an easy thing for Agnes to go home and face all the things and people she had left behind , and there is also a secret relationship she share with a teenager girl in the neighborhood . She treats her with gifts and things , and the girl wondered why ? The darkest secret that the sisters shared have to come to surface again as it had haunted them for years . They must summon all their courage and unconditional love to go and pay one last visit for the man that had `` ruined '' their lives ... Molly Parker is brilliant , and she carries the film , but it was Rebecca Jenkins whose more powerful performance that ultimately stoled most of the scenes . The landscape of Cape Breton also is very appropiate as it provides a sense of gloomy feel for this sad movie .
 This story comes alive because of Molly Parker 's masterful ability to convey volumes of emotion with her many very subtle facial expressions . Of course this is true for many others of the characters she has so artfully played -LRB- Deadwood , Pure , and Kissed -RRB- . The history of cinema offers an array of great actors . However , I challenge anyone to find another actor with such keen ability to appropriately detail so much with his or her subtle facial expressions as compared to Molly Parker . Probably , most viewers of her films are not really aware of how much is perceived through this particular communicative channel . That is because the acting is done so well and is so convincing without any hints of excesses.Just try to imagine another actor in the part of Agnes -LRB- Molly Parker -RRB- as she confronts Joanie -LRB- Ellen Page -RRB- . This is especially a critical point during the last two meetings in which the two were alone . It 's difficult to imagine anyone other than Molly Parker so clearly conveying the many layers of conflicting raw emotions that were made so evident as the story unfolded .
 Not everyone will like this slow-moving coming home tale about three sisters and their dying mother and child abusing father who is now senile . Yes , it 's pretty depressing , not to mention set in Nova Scotia , with scenery looking very bleak , indeed . Still , stick with it and you 'll be rewarded . Of course , it all works out in the end . Nice jobs by the three sisters , and the alcoholic mom is actually one of the best acting jobs in the pic .
 This is a great set of movies . You get four for the price of just the `` Silencers '' if you buy it seperately . And with each movie Dean Martin gets drunker ... You ca n't beat that!Each movie has a super hip popculture theme . The `` Silencer 's '' is Burlesque and starts out with a classic Strip Tease scene . The movie is full of cheese and puns and Matt Helm a.k.a. Dean Martin getting some ... My favorite rewindable scene is the oversized round bed that rises up and dumps him into his lavish pool/bath , to be scrubbed up by his sexy secretary ... Hilarious!Also , this movie has a great `` Secret Spy '' gun that fires backwards , and a girl who uses that to her advantage , much to the surprise of her pursuing foes.The second movie `` Murderers Row '' has a Go-Go Mod theme , with an opening segment of dancing , sexy , brightly colored , and psychedelic silhouttes . This movie holds another bed rising up moment , and even more great puns . Matt spends a lot of time drinking and driving in his fancy suped up station wagon , complete with a fully stocked bar . And there are plenty of great Go-Go dancing scenes.The third movie `` The Ambushers '' has a tropical feel , with Matt being sent to Acapulco . Great Monkee 's - like pop music , -LRB- the song was actually written by the Monkee 's song-writers -RRB- , on the opening scene . There are some pretty intese scenes , especially at the end when the Flying Saucer is sent speeding down a train track at top speed , and Matt has to save the girl who is in it !! The fourth movie `` The Wrecking Crew '' has a cool pop art opening , and cheesy 60 's pop music . Matt 's unhelpful and clumsy side kick adds a great element of hilarity and frustration . There 's a great `` karate ? '' scene in this one with two cute vixens . Oh , and by this point , Dean Martin has many moments of unitelligble dialogue , due to his being totally plastered during the filming of these movies . Or so it seems he was ... If you like great Spy Satire movies like `` In Like Flint '' , Dr. Goldfoot and the Bikini Machine '' , and `` Fathom '' , you 'll love this set.Be sure to have your favorite cocktail makings on hand though ... You ca n't watch these movies without one !
 This is a great collection of movies for both Matt Helm and Dean Martin fans . Most viewers will find Dean Martins ' slightly comedic approach to the Matt Helm character very entertaining . In addition to some pretty funny moments , the movies are also full of clever songs , such as `` When Your Sweetheart Puts A Pistol in her Pillow . `` These movies provide a fascinating look at American culture of the 1960s . They contain old cars , scantily clad women , and a surplus of sexual innuendo . The behavior exhibited by Dean Martin is also rather interesting . In a scene from `` The Silencers '' , he rips the dress off of Stella Stevens as an incentive for her to start talking . Today , such behavior would be called `` assault . '' In another movie , Dean is drinking from a flask while driving his car and receiving instructions from Headquarters . Obviously , drinking and driving was not an issue in the 1960s . These films contain some of the big name actresses of the day , such as Stella Stevens , Ann Margaret , and Sharon Tate . Sharon Tate , unfortunately , is better known for being murdered by Charles Manson and his family.The quality of the movies is excellent and there were no problems with the DVDs . All four DVDs fit into two slim containers . The entire collection fits into one box the size of a normal DVD case . Unfortunately , the set has the appearance of a rental from the local video store , vice something that was intended for sale . `` The Silencers '' contain several movie trailers for unrelated films such as `` Fun with Dick and Jane . '' There is no trailer for `` The Silencers . '' The other movies do contain Matt Helm movie trailers , but not on the disk of that movie . The set also contains multiple trailers for `` Charlie 's Angels
 Dino was the original hipster spy . His dialogue is just as khitchy today as it was when it first hit the screen . He captures the essence of being cool and yet never taking yourself too seriously .
 the matt helm movies are conected to don hamilton books by name only . i have read many of them and they were grim little thrillers more in tune with the bond books than anything else . that being said when i was growing up if a bond , a flint , or a matt helm movie came on i was there . none of the helms were what you would call top flight movies as dean martin was the whole show here . if you like him you will love these great , funny , time capsles from the sixtys , if not then you will find them hard to sit through . the silencers is by far the best with the wreaking crew being a close second murderers row is ok but is helped by having ann-margret as the female lead and the ambushers be the worst of the lot . plots and all that really make no matter as i have said dino is the entire show here and him charm carries these films the whole way .
 If you were n't around in the 1960s , you may not understand the appeal of Dean Martin , who , in his day , was the most popular entertainer in America ; the guy who knocked the Beatles ' song `` I Wan na Hold Your Hand '' out of the # 1 spot on the charts -LRB- with `` Everybody Loves Somebody '' -RRB- , star of the most watched variety show on TV , a surprisingly gifted actor , in the right film roles ... for nearly a decade , no other performer could match his appeal , not Elvis , not Sinatra , no one ... for a guy pushing 50 , who never got past tenth grade , and was declared ` washed up ' when he broke up with partner Jerry Lewis in 1956 , Dino 's string of successes were astonishing!Columbia Pictures decided to capitalize on Martin 's popularity , and the ` James Bond ' spy craze , as well , with a series of films based on the `` Matt Helm '' espionage novels of Donald Hamilton . While Hamilton 's books were gritty and realistic , however , the movies would be light-hearted spoofs , with Martin playing his screen and TV ` persona ' , an amiable boozer who saved the world while tossing off drinks and one-liners , and beautiful women swooned . In accepting the role , in addition to some very nice paydays , Dino had specific demands ; the very short shooting schedule could not interfere with his nightclub work , TV show , or golf ; and he would never have to go on location -LRB- the `` Helm '' films would highlight some of the finest second unit film work of the 60s , with glorious views of Monte Carlo , the Riviera , Acapulco , and Copenhagen ... while Dino toiled away in the Burbank back lot ! -RRB- . Needless to say , the `` Matt Helm '' films were never an Oscar threat , but as entertainment , they were far better than some of the schlock of the era , with some first-rate actors , hamming it up ! `` The Silencers '' -LRB- 1966 -RRB-
 If you 're here , you 've seen and want these movies . This is a great way to get them . 4 disks , 2 per case , in slim cases inside a slip cover . All 4 take the space of one standard DVD case . The picture and sound are standard tranfer of 40 year old films . I have no complaints watching them on my Plasma HDTV . The only extras are the trailers , but , that 's not what I buy a movie for anyway . So , not a problem for me . Enjoy .
 Dean Martin 's Matt Helm series is often the subject of sneers when not lovingly being played up in the Austin Powers parodies . Truth be told , unless you 're a fan of the genre , there is little reason to watch them other than the presence of Martin , who a few years younger and in a different universe might have made for a pretty good spy in a serious film . Like all of the American attempts in the 1960s to copy James Bond , the Matt Helm films fall way short of the mark , a kind of chintzy Las Vegas version of 007 's eurocool . -LRB- James Coburn 's Flint films probably are closest to being rivals ; ironically , films like Flint and Helm would predict exactly where Bond would end up in a few years . -RRB- That said , I still get a kick out of them . Sure , the production values are low -- and the level of wit even lower -- but there 's a certain joy in watching Dino booze his way through one silly escapade after another . And the whole spy movie genre deserves at least one look . My favorite of the Helm films is still `` Murderer 's Row , '' whose Lalo Schiffrin title song and jokey , breezy pace -LRB- not to mention Ann-Margret -RRB- are worth two hours of attention . I still laugh at the jailhouse scene , particularly when a menacing but temporarily defeated Karl Malden is salved with the offer to `` find someone for you to run over '' on the way back to his lair . `` The Silencers '' and `` The Ambushers '' are worth a look , too -LRB- and a listen , as Dino sings some good tunes , including `` South of the Border '' -RRB- , leaving only the well-named but odd `` The Wrecking Crew , '' which meanders between trying to take itself seriously and not , the weak link . If you think Bond is sexist , wait until you meet `` Lovey Cravesit '' and other raunchily-named supporting characters or see the house that appears to have inspired Quagmire 's abode on `` Family Guy . '' Dino is also surrounded by a fine cast of mostly B-list actors , including James Gregory -LRB- Helm 's boss in the first three films ; he would revise the character , more or less , on `` Barney Miller '' -RRB- , Stella Stevens , Elke Sommers , Victor Buono , and others . The Matt Helm films are unabashedly crude , even with some mod fashions and jazzy scores , but in a strangely innocent way , like when a 7-year-old starts running around the house and repeating the cuss words she 's overheard . I 've read some discussion that the aspect ratios of the Helm DVDs are innacurate to the original prints , but not having seen them , I ca n't say . I can say that about the only other way to see the Matt Helm films at all is to catch them all carved up on a local station at 3 a.m. Now , that 's just plain wrong .
 Overall , 4 stars . Great value and great campy entertainment.It is common knowledge to film geeks that Matt Helm was the number one inspiration for Austin Powers . Why is the boozy , greasy , aging Dean Martin a chick magnet ? Why does n't he appear to do anything but bumble around looking for chicks and drinky 's yet somehow always manage to save the world ? Why are the film 's sexist attitudes so wonderfully abomidable?The productions for the films range from pretty darn good to nearly inept , but that does n't stop them from being mighty entertaining . These are pure , beautiful cheese . Sometimes the makers know it , and sometimes they do n't .1 . The Silencers . 3 stars The first one . Worst -LRB- best ? -RRB- villain of the lot , care of Victor Buono -LRB- King Tut from the 1960 's Batman series -RRB- . Buono plays Tung Tze , apparently a blond , blue eyed chinese fella with a full beard who drinks canned egg foo young .2 . Murderers Row . 3 stars . Pretty good followup ... this time Matt goes to europe and gets involved in dames , murder and the destruction of the planet . It 's good to see the great Karl Malden get work , but he 's a terrible villain . There 's a brain-meltingly screechy laser beam at the end that melts rock but moves at a snails pace . I must go back in time and KILL that foley artist .3 . The Ambushers . 5 STARS !!! Wha -- ? Are you kidding me , reviewers ? This is definately the best of the bunch ! Dean finally feels really comfortable in the part and the production team knows exactly what they 're doing . James Gregory 's last gravely appearance as McDonald . As the villian , Albert Salmi is easily the best in the series ... the only one who actually conveys a sense of danger . The score is the best , too - twangy-surf-spy throughout , courtesy of early Hugo Montenegro . . and Dean only sings once . There 's a breezy sense of fun and campiness througout that seems to have reached its apex in this third movie.I said 5 stars , dammit!Check it : -- Woman powered UFO 's ! -- UFO railway chase ! -- the Fez wearing inspiration for Will Ferrell 's Mustafa character in Austin Powers ! this character also rides in a suped-up rice machine stingray ! -- Mexico ! Jungles ! -- Bitchin ' Safari desert mobile ! With a huge inflatable tent that has an inflatable bed , lamps and table ! -- Beer Factory ! -- In the beer factory , there 's the inspiration for the power lifter 's from Aliens ... I 'm not kidding ! -- antigravity wires all over the damn place . -- getting outta a firing squad using doobie power ! -- belt-into-sword fu ! -- hippie girl fashions ! -- mariachi death squad ! 4 . The Wrecking Crew . TWO STARS . Just watched this last night , the capper on the wonderful world of Matt Helm . Unfortunately , the thrill is gone in the last of series . The script and overall production is the weakest of the bunch -LRB- yeah - tricky how they manage that -RRB- . Dean sleep walks through the picture even more than usual ... you can tell he just wanted the cameras to stop rolling and get the hell outta there . After only a few years since the last one , Dean has visiably aged and visibly slowed . Montenegro 's score is terrible and irritating ... it 's the saccharine `` bah bah bah bah '' chorus era of pop music and it 's frequently a feeble mismatch for the action on screen . Nigel Green is not a particularly great villain either . However , the film IS notable for the co-stars
 The modern ` spy film ' formula has so many ` action scenes ' in them that a viewer grows accustomed to -LRB- and expects -RRB- the standard formula . The Matt Helm series was intentionally ` tongue in cheek ' and adds a dry humor that is missing in today 's ` spy formula ' films . While it 's true that by today 's standards , the ` special effects ' are unable to compare to today 's glitz , the ` cheesy lines ' are a great departure from the ` bang , boom , love-em-and-leave-em ' formula we 're now accustomed to . Great ` historic ' spoof of the spy film genre for their time ! -LRB- And , most folks think that Dean could only sing ! -RRB-
 In his own classic style Dean Martintakes on the forces of evil and winsevery time . These films are a greatreminder of some of the best ofHollywood .
 I thought Dean Martin was fantastic as Matt Helm . . I enjoyed all 4 movies immensely . . It was great to travel back to the 60 's again . . Elke Sommer , Stella Stevens , Ann Margret , and Senta Berger were super . . What great flicks !!!!! Rich Crowl
 The Mat Helm movies are pretty funny , and of course the girls are pretty - but I imagine the folks from MADD would be horrified to see how much they play up the `` Dean as a boozer '' angle while he 's driving.As someone else mentioned , the Station Wagon spy car has a hidden bar with several bottles so Dean does n't need to worry about running out of ammunition . The joke they missed was calling the hidden bottles of booze his `` seat belts '' . In another movie he 's got a more sporty car , and in a chase scene you see one of that cars unique gadgets - he picks up a microphone and says `` If you can read this , you 're too close '' and the message scrolls across the tail lights ... I do see where these movies were an inspiration for the Austin Powers series.My guess is these movies will be appreciated most by folks who remember Dean Martin , and I think they would n't be a bad choice for kids because while there 's some suggestive stuff , it 's tame by todays standards - though obviously the `` do n't drink and drive '' message should be discussed .
 I am so happy to finally see this series on DVD . My first Matt Helm film was `` The Wrecking Crew '' but I will make it a point to read the book series before watching any other Matt Helm film to get a better feel for the series.For now , I can only speak of my experience watching `` The Wrecking Crew '' and , although a somewhat cheesy spy spoof , I enjoyed the comedy contained within . -LRB- Friendly tidbit
 These movies are dripping with sexism , machismo and bond-esque energy , while being driven by the lovable Dean-o and a solid line up of supporting character actors , including the delicious Stella Stevens . While the movies themselves can be hit or miss , any fan of the spy genre or 60 's Bond films will get a real kick out of Matt Helm and his zany , boozy , reckless and generally non-PC adventures .
 Bond , Steel , Flint , Man From Uncle , do n't got nothing on Matt Helm . Awesome retro movies ! Must have if you like this type of movies .
 It was very enjoyable seeing these now forty year old classics . Dean Martin was his usual easy going self as Matt Helm , while James Gregory was excellent as McDonald his boss . Well worth it!Neal Robertson
 Item arrived on time , Its not as good as I remeber , but still ok , Dean Martin is alway good in his movies
 great buy , and chance to own the great old dean martin spy films a awesome addition to my dvd collection , thanks
 I bought these movies because I like Deno and who would n't like his side kicks . Three of the movies have good quality and one is fuzzy in some parts . That 's why the 4 star rating .
 I had originally saw the movie when it came out and had really enjoyed it because of the action and humor that it had . What was very interesting with it , was the fact that Matt Helm did not have a lot of gadgets that were generally found in the bond movies at that time.It felt very relaxing to see it again .
 As a Matt Helm fan from 30 years ago this series of 4 movies was `` a blast from the past . '' The gimics , corny jokes and total disregard for `` Political Correctness '' combined to make excellent viewing . Highly entertaining .
 This set is a must-have for all Dean Martin fans ! I really enjoy the fact that the Matt Helm character never takes himself too seriously . He plays it for what it is - sheer fun ! Great looking babes , groovy outfits , and just-right scripting and acting make this set as smooth as silk ! Dean always looks like he just had a cocktail in every scene ! Sure , the critics will always make the 007 comparisons . However , I happen to enjoy both Matt Helm and James Bond movies equally , and the `` Flint '' -LRB- James Coburn -RRB- installment of films as well !
 These , in my opion , are some of Dean Martin 's better movies for what they are , which are spy spoofs along the line of Our Man Flint . The gadgets are hilarious .
 If you like the Deano , you should have this set . I mean , Matt Helm has a bar in his station wagon , what 's not to like ! Sixties movies were the best . During the sixties , people were not yet aware of the hippie onslaught that was about to turn the seventies into a huge downer . Get this movie pack and enjoy one of the coolest cats of the sixties .
 If you are a Dean Martin fan , and I am , these vintage Matt Helm movies are a time ticket back to the era when you could smile at undercover work . The same for the old original Mission Impossible TV shows . The girls are pretty , Dean is excellent as Matt Helm and a couple of the movies in this four movie set are ... well ... quirky a little bit , none the less , I could rewatch them for the entertaining value . Too bad some of actors in these films are gone now , but that makes these movies irreplacable for old timers like me . A good investment for Dean Martin ... Matt Helm fans .
 Loved these movies as a kid and loved when they came out on dvd . The Matt Helm movies had the budget and gadgets of the James Bond films , but were done a bit more tongue and cheek than 007 . Dean Martin was and always will be the king of cool . He plays the charming yet devilish special agent to a T . While the budgets for these movies were on par with the Bond movies and were obviously done with a more comedic bent , they definitey appear more dated than the Bond movies of the time . None the less , they are still a classic example of 60 's action flicks when real stars and men were in the movies .
 Matt Helm movies are pure fun . I love the sliding bed into the pool . These movies are about Dean having a good time with beautiful women and bad guys . I love seeing Stella Stevens falling in the mud in the Silencers . Sharon Tate was excellent and funny in The Wrecking Crew . I would highly recommend Dean Martin 's Matt Helm .
 i was tickled pink when i received these 4 discs in a beautiful package . the first one i took out and put it in my new bluray player . the wrecking crew . it pops up on the screen and holy crap it 's in `` japanese '' did i get the wrong discs ? i waited anxiously as i dropped down trying to figure out which is the play the movie section . usually it 's the top one but being in japanese i thought otherwise . anyways it came on in english , happily i put away my japanese to english dictionary . OMG what a print , perfect , the colors , the music and the beautiful sharon tate.wow.i tell ya for the money this is the best you will ever find.the cars , the settings , the girls . just awesome.the plots and scripts typical 60 's spoofs.but i laughed and enjoyed 1 hr 44 minutes of sheer brain numbing , forget the worlds problems & mine and just sit back.take my word for it . . it is the bomb.it took me back to my early 20 's .
 Dean Martin rarely seems to be more than half awake for these vintage 1960s-era spy spoofs , but that 's a key part of their charm . His insouciant Matt Helm plays perfectly against the deliberately ludicrous plots . James Gregory , who plays it arrow straight as Matt Helm 's boss , makes you believe something is actually going on , and his unending efforts to persuade Martin 's Helm that that something needs to be dealt with makes for delightful comic tension . Call on the likes of Victor Buono and Karl Malden to provide the central villainy - Malden , in fact , plays such a gleefully unapologetic creep you wish he could 've had more turns in the role - and spirited performances by Stella Stevens , Ann-Margaret -LRB- at her wildcat best -RRB- , and the unfortunate Sharon Tate , and you 've got fun that never gets anywhere close to falling into the trap of taking itself seriously .
 Dean Martin played a great Matt Helm character , I wish he could have played in more of the movies . He was America 's answer -LRB- on the lighter side -RRB- to James Bond .
 It has all the necessary elements for a good spy movie along the lines of Austin Powers before Mike Myers did it . It has the car chases , the line of pretty girls , special gadgets , alter identities and a round bed that moves along the room and raises up so they slide into an indoor swimming pool as a wake up . It has entertainment value just hearing the Dean Martin music and watching him try to dance with Ann Margaret . Karl Malden being like a doctor Evil is okay but he looses his accent or is there an accent ?
 I was so happy to see these Matt Helm movies on the website . I used to watch them as a teenager . Fun remembrance of Dean Martin !
 not the best matt helm ... it starts a little slow but pick up and become the matt helm we all love
 I happened to catch Murderes ' Row while flipping through the channels . After watching a few minutes I had to look on the web to see what this cool movie was . I then found out about the Matt Helm movies with Dean Martin . The complete pack is such a great value I had no issues purchasing it right away . I liked all the movies except the Wrecking Crew . The British agent that Matt gets paired up with is a clumsy spy and the gag gets old fast . Thoughout all the movies there are beautiful women and some great cars . Enjoy .
 I love these movies . I grew up watching them and now I bought them.They bring back a lot of memories . I would recommend these movies to anyone they would love them .
 this was a great four pack of the old matt helm movies it was a gift for my father and he loved them i even love them
 THIS DVD SET IS GREAT !! IF YOU LIKE DEAN MARTIN MOVIES AND 007 JAMES BOND , THEN YOU WILL LIKE THESE ONES . IT HAS ACTION , COMEDY , SOME ROMANCE.I LIKED WATCHING THESE MOVIES WHEN I WAS YOUNGER , AND I WANTED TO GET THEM ON A DVD SET A FEW MONTHS BEFORE THEY CAME OUT , AND WHEN I HEARD THEY WERE COMING OUT WITH THEM A FEW MONTHS LATER IT BLEW MY MIND !! IT 'S LIKE THEY HEARD ME SAY IT TO MY HUSBAND , THAT I WISH THEY WOULD PUT HIS MOVIES ON A DVD SET , AND A FEW MONTHS LATER THEY CAME OUT WITH IT , STRANGE , HOW COOL IS THAT !! LOL . THIS WOULD MAKE A GREAT COLLECTORS ITEM !! THEY ARE GOOD , AND IF YOU LIKE JAMES BOND MOVIES AND DEAN MARTIN MOVIES , THEN YOU 'LL LOVE THESE !!
 in most of dean 's later movies he seemed to just be going thru the motions of making a movie and did n't try to act very much and some of his films are hurt because of it . not so the matt helm movies . some how his non acting fits right into the wild far out stories of the 60 's super spys . these films are great fun if you like dean , because he 's the whole show here if you do n't like him you 'll hate these movies.i read the matt helm books as well as the bond books growing up and these helm movies are not even close to the grim tough little thrillers of don hamilton . like bond the movies go for gagets guns women and far out plots . still i like dean and i like the movies.the silencers-the first and maybe the best of the helm movies with great help from stella stevens as his woman of choise.murderers row - great cast but not as good as the first film . saved by having ann-margret as helms woman of choise here.the ambushers-the worst of the series with no big name co-stars and dean looks and acts tired of the role.the wrecking crew - the last film of the series is a return to some of the best bits of the silencers and has the late sharon tate as helms girl friday in this one . this one has a strange feel about it as mrs. tate would soon become more famous in death at the hands of the mansion family . still this showed that she was a good actor and had a nice future in movies had she lived.all in all this collection is just great and should make super spy fans happy
 I admit to having a great affinity for Dean Martin . To me he was the essence of cool in the 1960 's . Considering he was 49 years old when he did the first Matt Helm movie , The Silencers , that 's really saying a lot about his popularity and influence back during that period . I Just loved watching these films on TV as a kid . My brother always preferred the Bond films , but even as a youngster I appreciated the humor and charm that martin brought to his role as Super Spy Matt Helm . The plots of the four films are almost secondary to Martin 's scenery chewing , and that 's just how I like it.In `` The Silencers '' Helm , an agent for ICE -LRB- Intelligence and Counter Espionage -RRB- is out to stop the usual baddies The Big O from detonating a nuclear bomb and starting world war III . The gorgeous Stella Stevens is along for the ride as is dancer Cyd Charisse . Victor Buono best know as Batman villian King Tut , plays a Chinese baddie ! `` Murderer 's Row '' is the second Matt Helm film and this time Karl Malden plays the villian role as Julian Wall who has kidnapped a scientist with the intention of using his new device to blow up Washington D.C. . This time Dean is joined by the lovely Ann-Margaret who plays the scientist 's daughter , Suzie . `` The Ambushers '' is up next and there 's a lot of debate on if this film is better or worse than Murderer 's Row . I rate them this one a bit below the previous one due to there being no real top name female co-star this time . An experimental U.s. space ship has been stolen and it 's up to Matt to get it back...in-between drinking and lusting after the ladies!The `` Wrecking Crew '' is the last Matt Helm film and I think one of the best . It contains a bevy of 1960 's beauties including Gilligan 's Island 's Tina Louise , along with Elke Sommer , and the late Sharon Tate . As usual the plot of Helm trying to recover a fortune in stolen gold , is secondary to the hi-jinks of martin 's character . Bruce lee choreographed the fight scenes.Anyone who goes into the Matt Helm films trying to take them seriously is in for trouble . These were pure , tongue-in-cheek spoofs of spy films and a vehicle for Dino to romp with a lot of beautiful women . Expect anything more and you will be disappointed . But if you love Dean 's 60 's cool then this is a great set to have .
 It was n't until 1971 's DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER that the James Bond films decided to cut loose and have some fun , but Dean Martin had already started the Sixties spy party four times with the Matt Helm series . The OUR MAN FLINT movies -LRB- 2 of them -RRB- with James Coburn seemed hipper , partly because of Coburn 's serious convinction as he went through the spy motions , but Dino 's spoofs mixed the spy film with the party atmosphere of a Rat Pack show and the casual cool comedy of his TV show.The films go from best -LRB- first -RRB- to worst -LRB- last -RRB- -- but who 's squawling , baby?One of my favorite moments happens in MURDERER 'S ROW , when Dean wanders into an apartment , plays a record -LRB- where he sings `` I 'm Not the Marryin ' Kind '' -RRB- , and helps himself to the bar -- until a dead girl falls out of a refrigerator . Not a big deal , but there was something incredibly hip about it.And another review points out the purely Sixties moment when Dean , driving a wood-paneled station wagon , pushes a button to pop out a fully-stocked bar -- while he 's driving!The only part of these films that rises to the level of the Bond films -- hear me out -- is the ladies.Stella Stevens , already a stunning Playboy model and the incredibly sexy actress who appeared in THE NUTTY PROFESSOR , THE POSEIDON ADVENTURE , and a couple of other Dino flicks , SHOULD have been a Bond girl . Daliah Lavi and Beverly Adams -LRB- as Lovey Kravezit -RRB- . Ann Margaret and Senta Berger . Wow.In the least film of all , THE WRECKING CREW , you have Elke Sommer , Tina Louise , Nancy Kwan , and Sharon Tate.A Sixties Babe-a-thon Hall of Fame right there.If you 're brand new to these films , you 'll probably be a little disappointed
 Dean Martin 's Matt Helm was a superspy who never let a good case get in the way of a drink , smoke or lady . My favorite moment in the films is when he 's in his superspy car -LRB- a stationwagon -RRB- and he has a secret bar so he can drink and drive . Where else can you see a character get boozed up on the road and not have to pay the price.This boxset was supposed to come out on August 2 , and then Sony did something weird . Hopefully this will be out at the end of August so I can put it in the collection next to Our Man Flint , Danger Diabolik and Modesty Blaise .
 Okay I grew up on James Bond , Derek Flint , and Matt Helm . So I say it is about time they put all the Matt Helm out together for a decent price . When `` The Silencers '' came out last year for $ 21.99 I thought that was a bit pricey and I am glad I waited . Do n't get me wrong I love the movie , it was just overpriced . Anyone that likes campy movies or Sixties movies should enjoy this set . Fans of Austin Power 's movies should get a kick out of it too . If for no other reason buy it to get a snapshot of the 1960s fashion and cars . Dean Martin was a fairly funny comedian and even if your not a fan you have to appreciate the tongue-in-cheek of these movies . These offset the serious tone of the early James Bond movies . If you enjoy these you will probably like James Coburn in `` Our Man Flint '' and `` In Like Flint '' . I 'm sure the gadgetry and comedy of the Helm and Flint movies influenced the later Bond movies for the better .
 I want to echo all that has been said by the other , positive reviewers regarding the fun nature of these films . I was a kid in the 60s and Matt Helm was the anti-Bond , an American spy who totally out-cooled that British guy . Definitely not to be taken seriously but a fun romp on a retro weekend of martinis and lounge music . Also note that the aspect ratio on these films is 1.85:1 anamorphic widescreen so they look great on a 16:9 Hi Def set . Please Amazon , make sure you list the technical details for your products .
 There 's really no way for me to not give this five stars . None of the movies would come close to qualifying for a five star rating on their own , but given the consumer who is investigating this collection , it gets five stars because it delivers all the way.The movies are comically bad and everyone knows it , especially Dean who nods and winks and deadpans his way through the lot of 'em . Thankfully we are given his `` promo '' spots for the film , promo in name only because Dean rolls his eyes and sarcastically recommends these exercises in farce with as much enthusiasm and droll humor as he executes his lines throughout the quartet of films . In the same cheesy category -LRB- and sharing the same musical director in Nelson Riddle -RRB- as the Batman movie and series from roughly the same time period , these movies are campy fun from one horribly bad scene to the next . There are plenty of outrageously hilarious moments , at times unintentional such as the special effects of a nuclear missle launch or other attempts at high-tech movie making , and others just plain pandering to the stereotype of Dean Martin - swinger , like the pop-up bar in a car as Dean and Stella Stevens get crushed tooling down the highway.These movies are great fun and would go over well as a social event as well . It 's just a shame that movies are n't made like this anymore . Certainly our culture needs lampooned with such endearing charm as Dean and co. did with these classics .
 In the 1960 's , there was Bond , James Bond . Then there was the Man from U.N.C.L.E , Wild Wild West and Our Man Flint ... and the biggest Poke in the eye to Bond , Matt Helm.Dean Martin did four Matt Helm films . These films were all tongue and cheek , all done for laughes . . always poking the spy genre in the eye . These four films in this collection have action with so much comedy twists . If you want humor with a 60 's bent , this is it.Martin slick Helm is fun to watch . He essays the Helm role with a girl in his bed , a martini and satire humor -LRB- One film the girl is listening to Frank Sinatra-Martin deadpans `` You like Perry Como ? '' -RRB- . These are cute thrillers will no real substance , but you dont go to an Austin Powers movies for a real mystery either.This is spy fluff that is funny and filling . Worth ten stars , but they only allow me fiveBennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD
 Finally the boneheads who produce DVD 's have comprehended a very conspicuous marketing concept
 Although not true to the original book series , Dean Martin personified Cool as Matt Helm . In every scene Martin looks relaxed and natural , and while Bond may have invented the clever quip , the Helm movies honed them to a fine art.The box set is a must-have for anyone who remembers these films fondly or wants to complete their collection of 60 's spy memorobilia . While I wish there could have been lots of extras and behind the scenes , these films come from an era where Hollywood was not quite as ready to let you glimpse behind the curtain so there is little archival material available , and all of the principle actors are deceased making commentary impossible . They are represented well , however , in these excellent transfers . The clear sound and precise letterbox picture with fantastic color and clarity leave behind any previous broadcast . While The Silencers and Murderer 's Row are unquestionably the strongest entries , there are great momements to be found in The Ambushers and particularly the little-scene Wrecking Crew , which was Sharon Tate 's last film . Get this collection and dissappear for a few hours into the world of Comic Book spies where everything is in Brilliant Color , the girls are always elegantly coiffed , the cars had chrome and Dean Martin as gadget toting , hard drinking and smoking Matt Helm suavely saves the day .
 I LOVE CLASSIC RETRO TV SHOWS/MOVIES AND THIS SERIES IS AS GOOD AS IT GETS . THE RESOLUTION IS CRISPY CLEAR UNLIKE THE `` KOMISSAR X '' DVD THAT I PURCHASED A WHILE BACK .
 Dean Martin as secret agent Matt Helm is pure fun . Better than 007 , Matt Helm of ICE goes about his business with a song in his heatt
 This set was great . It brought back so many memories of my days growing up . When originally released , I saw all of these corny films during their first week out . I was in love with all of the ladies and still find them hot today . The acting is bad , the scripts are one step above Get Smart , but I loved them any way . This is a must have for any Matt Helm fan .
 If you 've a love for camp , if you 've a love of sixties cool , if you 've a love of pretty women like Ann-Margret and Elke Sommers , then you 'll love these movies . Dean Martin was great in these movies . It 's too bad he did n't start doing these movies earlier in his career .
 I 'm a big James Bond & Derek Flint fan . So I could n't help liking Matt Helm -LRB- Dean Martin -RRB- . While I will concide the Matt Helm movies are a little cheesy it just makes them more fun ! Having grown up with Deano and watched his many movies and variety show I truly liked his personality . He made watching his efforts very enjoyable . Not taken seriously and watched just for the entertainment alone they are great .
 I 'd last seen these movies back in the 70 's on television . Was just as entertaining this time around from DVD collection . Dean Martin as the suave Matt Helm is a character that can only be topped by Martin 's western genre characters . I 've seen all of his westerns except for `` Something Big '' which was not yet released on VHS or DVD . His westerns are all enjoyable . Back to Helm ... . these are very colorful spy spoofs filled with gorgeous ladies and Dean 's wisecracking antics . I think anyone with a sense of humor would enjoy these films . I see them as pure gems from the 60 's . Glad to have the DVD set .
 It 's great that the studio 's is finally putting out a Matt Helm box set at a really great price compared to the more expensive separate versions.Any fan of 60 's spy movies will love this set.Dean Martin 's tongue is firmly in his cheek , and the women , Tina Louise , Sharon Tate , Ann Margret , and many many more , what more can I say.Highly recommended !!
 One of the best tongue in cheek spy series made with Martin just seeming to be having alot of fun doing the pictures . Seemingly primitive special effects compared to todays offerings but if you just go with the story and pay attention for the subtle humor makes for a very entertaining movie .
 I was very pleased with the expediancy in delivery and I love the DVD 's . Have only watched the first two so far but they are exactly what I wanted and I was really pleased to have them . They are real sixties nostalgia stuff with heaps of exciting action and cool `` James Bond '' type gadgets . Lots of fun !!
 I read the reviews before purchasing and they were right on . I 've enjoyed this set as I new I would . They 're classic . The set is thin in packaging too . It fits well into the shelves . @ $ 27 bucks this is a very fare deal . You may get it even lower eventually if you 're patient like me . If you 're not then do n't hesitate !
 THe Matt Helm series were an amusing twist on the James Bond genre . We are looking at a different time . Dean Martin enjoyed a cocktail ... while driving ! He threw women around , ripped their clothes off . Heavens to betsy . The women in this series were unbelievable ... Sharon Tate , TIna Louise -LRB- in shape , not the blimp of Gilligan 's Island -RRB- , Elke Sommer , Ann Margret , Stella Stevens , the list goes on and on.If your blood is red and you 're male , this is a must have for your collection . For women , it is very different . Martin portrayed a real chauvinist pig ; this type of behavior led directly to feminism , whether with good cause or not . As a woman , I would object to him in every scene .
 Pure fun , a great way to share older movies with my high school daughters . The love the fashion and the fun feel to these films . Well worth the money !
 What a great package ! Dino Martin as Matt Helm swingin ' it and wingin ' it on a fantasy romp through four films ! It 's hard to imagine anything better ! It 's like a 1960 's Disneyland for adults !!! Buy this while you can !!! This much fun ca n't stay legal for long !!
 Dean Martin makes this farce and enjoyable romp ... just sit back , light a cigerette , pour a glass of booze and bring on the broads . Warning Pre - Political Correctness if you are thin skinned do n't look . . call your nanny now .
 I 've been a big fan of James Bond , Derek Flint , and Matt Helm -LRB- Dean Martin -RRB- for ever . Anyone who is a Dean Martin fan and a follower of the film style spoofs of the 60 's and 70 's will enjoy this collection . A great one to own !
 What is cooler than 60 's spys , hot women and Dean Martin . Not much . Nostalgia and a little camp to celebrate the 60 's . Video quality is excellent .
 Good 60 's movies that played on TV reruns afterwards . Dean Martin is a smooth character and funny . He is a secret agent that fights crime with booze , cigarettes , and girls . Though the girls are real bimbos , you just got to laugh at it all . You get to see the style and fashions of that era . Unlike intense action movies of today , it is easy and fun to watch .
 Dean is great as the spy . But Ann Margaret and the others girls make the movies . Great set . And not all of our heroes friends die unlike 007s ' .
 It is fun to watch these old '60s movies . It was such an innocent age for us looking back from the 21st Century . Who would have thought the 1960s were known as the ` Sexual Revolution ' watching chaste movies like these?Pure fun and nostalga ... with a tear for Sharon Tate ...
 bond was the proto-type of the 60 's movie spys !!! but there were a few bond spy-spoofs out there that did ` nt take themselves seriously -- AND MATT HELM WAS ONE OF THEM !!! it 's fun seeing the great DEAN MARTIN playing the laid-back MATT HELM character . there was ` nt too much of a plot to these movies -- but it was fun seeing dean & beautiful women on the big screen !!!! there were plenty of great stars in supporting roles
 If you like Austin Powers a bit , and wish it could be smarter and cooler , Take a look at these movies ! Dean Martin has the Mojo.He 's always funny , and never vulgar.By the way , watch the old films with him and Jerry Lewis.Enjoy !
 These is like a B version of James Bond with Dean Martin playing a layed back secret agent . Still found it entertaining for something to watch when you need something different .
 My mother is a big Dean Martin fan and and really enjoyed these old movies .
 Loved this DVD ! Showed Dean at his wittiest ... great parody of the super agent genre .
 Being James Bond is not easy just ask Matt why he always has a drink and cigarette in hand . If you want to enjoy a spy movie with a lot of comedy this is it .
 These films are some of the most fun films ever!Dean is terrific as the super spy Matt Helm!The babes are n't bad either !
 Fun to watch when old style humor appeals to you.Silly use of very pretty female stars of that era .
 As Matt Helm , Dino does 007 justice . He is funny at his best and always gets the girls . Nobody will ever replace him . Dean Martin was one of a kind and never to be forgotten , at least by me .
 I felt the dvd 's were good quality and they were exactly what I expected . I love old movies and these will be added to my collection .
 They do n't live up to the books , but which movies do ? But the fact that Dean does n't take them serious puts the Matt Helm films in the Adam West Batman campy cheese category for me , and that 's quite alright in my book .
 Matt Helm movies are not up to James Bond standards . But fun none the less . This set is a very nice set of fine movies . The Matt Helm movies are nothing like the Matt Helm books . Dean Martin does not do a good job of portraying Matt Helm . Dean does a good playing Dean Martin as a spy . Which is OK with me .
 These movies brought out a lot of good memories from the mid sixties when I was just a young lad of 16 . Deano was the coolest guy ever and these movies reflect that . Good quality films ...
 I 've enjoyed the Matt Helm movies when I was younger , so I decided to purchase this collection . It is nice to have all the movies all together , and the quality is great.You only get the movies , and a couple of orginal promos , but that 's about it . No other extras , but I still enjoy them .
 I have always enjoyed these movies and was waitng to catch them on cable , but they are never shown . If you like Dean Martin , beautiful women and a good laugh , pick this set . It 's worth it . They 're all on the `` hokey '' side but , I stiil enjoyed all of them ,
 It 's great that you can get all 4 movies together.I watched them one right after the other.I only wish he did more films in this series .
 for those that love toungue in cheek comedy , than this will suit you . for those that enjoy being entertained with a non social meaning , this is it . dean martin as always leaves the viewer wanting more of his antics . and , as usual he always surrounds himself with a beavy of beautiful women . for entertainment get it !
 After Austin Powers was released a few years ago , the 60 's superspy movies became all the rage with the Our Man Flint series leading the way . Unfortunately this brilliant series starring Dean Martin went virtually unnoticed , for reasons I will never understand . This series was amazing and in my opinion was superior to all of the other swinger agent movies . Austin Powers ripped off so many things from Matt Helm they probably did n't want this series known about so they might have seemed original . MAtt Helm 's cover is a photographer just like Austin Powers , The second Matt Helm Movie features the machine gun bra , and there are a number of other `` similarities '' . Dean Martin is great as secret agent Matt Helm , basically playing himself , except of course that he 's a superspy . Instead of guns in his superspy car he has a wet bar.The women of Matt Helm are beautiful , sexy and everything you would want from your spy movie . Stella Stevens , Tina Louis , Ann Margret , Else Sommer , Sharon Tate , Nancy Kwan just to name a few.The plotlines are outlandish , and the villians are cut in the mold of Goldfinger and Dr. No ... but funny.Pour yourself a gin and tonic or a whiskey on the rocks and ride along with Matt Helm .
 Watched these movies when i was young and loved them ! Now as an adult I am watching them with different perspective but they are still a lot of fun ! Somewhere between James Bond and Austin Powers with a hip 60 's cool cat vibe and some great subtle -LRB- or not so subtle -RRB- nods to Dean 's fellow Rat Packers .
 From an era that smoked drank and fooled around comes a funny look at the super spy.Dean is great as the great Matt Helm.Classic comedy
 Dean Martin made 4 Matt Helm Spy Films and they all are typical of the 60 's ... lots of fun and Dean always gets the girl . At times there does not even seem to a plot or script for Dean to follow ... he just smiles at the pretty girls and holds a glass of scotch with ice . Put one of these Matt Helm movies in and relax . You will not have to do a great deal of thinking but you will enjoy the incredible screen presence of Dean Martin and his smile is contegious .
 The quality of the DVDs are excellent . The quality of the movies are supurb . The set arrived on time and in good condition . The movies themselves takes me back to a time that was much more fun . Great purchase and alot of good times .
 I recommend these matt helm DVDs they are classics , I used to watch when I was a kid . I 'm glad all four came together ! ...
 I am an old spy movie buff and watched the Matt Helm movies 30 years ago with my dad . I stubbled across one of the movies on TV the other day and decided to buy the package . Amazon makes it easy to find the stuff you just do n't see on the shelf.PS - the movies were great . . !!!
 This has a Lot of action suspense and loads of lovely ladies from the era of Dean Martin 's best days great movies .
 Matt Helm movies have been a favorite of mine since childhood . Just love Dean Martin .
 I watched this when I was young and really missed seeing and hearing Dean . . A comedy , musical spoof of James Bond
 Anyone who is a Dean MArtin fan and a lover of the film style spoofs of the 60 's and 70 's will love this collection . Martin at his best .
 A classic . Shake-up a cocktail and watch Dean Martin save the world.No one was cooler than Deano .
 For those of us who like campy SPY spoofs and Dean Martin you can not beat this four of a kind .
 This is a very good spoof of the Secret Agent type films , Dean Martin does all His usual stuff in all 4 of these films , The story line are somewhat weak but still it 's fair for the type it makes fun of . It is worth the price if you do like Dean Martin . Thank U , Jerry
 Waited a long time for these to become available . I am very happy with them . Boy , special effects have sure come a long way .
 we are absolutely delighted with the product , the quality and service.And will certainly be back.Thanks heaps Amazon , you fulfilled a dream .
 if you like austin powers then you should get this box set . you will see where it all began .
 Very good drama with an up to date theme . Along the lines of Madoff and Petters . Darrel Davenport played his character with great poise and professionalism . Very good direction for a low budget film .
 I 've been wanting to see this film for a long time now because I am a HUGE fan of Kris Lemche . I love him , he is incredibly sexy . I did n't even realize it was out on dvd until I saw recommendations . I ordered it immediately and it took 3 days to arrive in the mail , which I was super excited about . Amazon always seems to get what I want in the mail at a fast pace . I will continue ordering from Amazon for a long time :-RRB- btw , this movie is incredible . YOU MUST WATCH IT . Very good , can not even think of a word to explain the greatness of this film , def needs more attention to the public eye < 3
 A very entertaining crime thriller that avoids an `` indie '' feel , and could easily be a studio release . The production values and performances are very good under any standard , and absolutely amazing in light of the ultra low budget for this movie . A good ensemble cast , but Chris Lemche is particularly attention grabbing when on the screen . The website directorslive named this movie as one of the top five underground movies of 2011 .
 Great Effort which came out ahead of its time . Maybe it can be re-released as the real times have caught up with it . Charlize would have been good addition-of course that 's always true . Be sure to check out Mamet 's House of Games . Hope these Guys put together another movie and keep their edge-amazing to think they got this out the door for under a half Mil .
 Green Guys was an excellent movie ! All of the actors did a great job . The theme and energy was prevalent throughout the entire movie . Levi played by Darrel did an awesome job at portraying his character , he kept me on edge . I look forward to more movies from this group of actors .
 If a good thriller calls for isolating a group of people with a killer in their midst - the scriptwriters of this film found the ultimate setting . Three people are trapped in an elevator here . And one of them is a serial killer.However , this is no slasher-thriller . It 's a more intelligent psychological thriller with an emphasis on character . Actually , I think this movie has an even better premise and unfolds in a more interesting way than its producers intended.There 's no full Director 's commentary on this DVD . However , there are interviews with all the people primarily involved in the making of `` Blackout . '' These people seem unanimous in thinking their movie is about `` fate '' or `` destiny . '' They see the finger of fate at work in the fact that their movie 's three lead characters all have unusually urgent reasons for getting where they are going - yet find themselves infuriatingly bound inside the elevator . I ca n't see the sense of that . It could be said that any three people being trapped together in a dangerous dynamic would similarly represent fate at work . Or more generally , any of the trillions upon trillions of daily , shifting configurations of people , things , and events could be designated `` fate . `` No , I think the value of this movie is in the way it limns the obsession of a serial killer . There have been so many movies and TV episodes featuring ever more far-fetched serial killers . But this film makes the viewer feel what must surely be the arrogance , the hatred , and the ravening , voluptuous intensity of most real serial killers.You can tell `` Blackout '' is going to be something special with its opening credits . These are filmed over an extreme , lingering close-up of human skin - papillae , pores , blemishes and all . It 's clearly the sort of intrusive fascination that a killer probably feels when he sets his sights on a victim .
 I love this movie because I like movies where the people are confined in areas where they have to really try hard to escape and stick together . It does n't always end this way , however . People always try to save themselves in the end . This has a special twist because one of the people trapped inside the elevator is a killer .
 I hesitated at first when checking out this film . I 've seen some bad films and I 've seen some really bad films . This is n't either or of those . This is actually a really good film depending on what your expecting to get out of it . For the simple minded they probably wo n't like it . The movie has more dialog than anything else . I do n't think the movie is trying to mask the secret of who is the killer . You can pretty much tell as soon as everyone gets on the elevator . The only thing the movie does is clarify who the people on the elevator are and what they had ongoing in their lives up untill that moment . It added a lot of depth to what could have been shallow characters you did n't care about but , learning about them did make you concerned for their safety . This is n't exactly a horror film it 's a suspense film . It 's more or less a movie about 2 people trapped in an elevator with a serial killer who 's breaking down . Weither you know he is a killer or not does n't matter the other people do n't and that 's where the movie gets interesting.Creative movie 4 stars for being different .
 Wow , after seeing to many bad movies lately in the theaters , this is a fresh thriller ! The best since the original Blackout . Highly recommended .
 I viewed this after comming home from My Bloody Valentine showing and its a good little movie.A man who works in a hospital , another man who carries a knife , and a woman who has asthma are trapped in an elevator when the power goes out during the summer.Like caged animals loosing air , no food and one bottle of water these three are trying to survive anyway they can.Its brutal but enjoyable .
 You ca n't change fate ! Three lives come together on an elevator ... 3 strangers ... destiny . All three are faced with deadlines ... all three have no way out . A good thriller ... 4 stars !
 I rented this in the 2 for a $ 1 at the local video rental expecting it to me another bad ` B ' movie but was pleasantly surprised . I became enthralled in the movie and it kept me wondering how it would all end . I think the actors did a great job making the situation they were in very believable . I highly recommend this movie .
 Black Out is getting a lot of heat for being too slow , and not gory enough ... I applauded it 's character development and suspenseful pacing . The visuals and direction were good , except for a few gimmicky sped-up pans and edits pilfered from the SAW series . Amber Tamblyn is excellent , as is her young male co-star ... only the killer falls short in the acting dept , amazing considering it is such a crucial part , and a plum role for the right actor ! Nontheless , he is n't bad enough to ruin the movie.If you want mindless action , gore and violence , skip this ... if you want suspense and a strong female lead , check it out .
 `` Black Out '' is a better film than I anticipated , renting it from Redbox on a whim . There really is n't much of a mystery to the film as it is advertised -- you find out who the killer is within barely half an hour . If director Robert Castaneda intended it to be a big shock , he must have a had a few too many cups of coffee while making the film.Three people -- Claudia -LRB- Amber Tamblyn -RRB- , Karl -LRB- Aidan Gillen -RRB- , and angry looking teen Tommy -LRB- Armie Hammer -RRB- get stuck in a hotel elevator during a city blackout . Before this happens and the elevator collapses , we see the fairly suspicious activities of each character during the day . One of them is clearly a psychopathic murderer but it is unclear which one . Not for long.You really have to admire Aidan Gillen 's ability to play the grimiest sleazeballs known to man with such distant flair -- he can go in about thirty seconds from being the nice , factory made man of society to the scariest motherf ** ker alive in about thirty seconds . His role here recalls his role in `` Less Than Zero '' maximized by about 100 in terms of depravity.What does n't work about the film is the absurd insistence that there is no `` fate '' or , as a doctor says at the end of the film , `` I 've never detected any pattern in any of these tragedies . . '' Really ? The reason most of the very sad things happen in this movie is because of the will of one irredeemably sick individual , not fate . One actually gets the idea that Castaneda sympathizes with the killer 's philosophy.Still , Castaneda puts most FX created monsters to shame with this movie . You will never forget the killer 's performance or how he is slowly revealed . A worthwhile if slightly poisonous movie.This only deserves three stars . I have tried to alter the rating I 've given several times . Mysteriously enough , the stars are n't available for me to fix that .
 There are good movies and there are bad movies . There are also numerous good bad movies , the ones that are amateur in presentation but made with such good intentions that they are actually enjoyable . -LRB- Plan 9 from Outer Space and Bucket of Blood are perfect examples of good bad movies . -RRB- And then there are the bad bad movies . These films are slapped together with whatever wannabe actors -LRB- i.e. friends and family -RRB- are willing to spout inane lines of dialogue in front of a camera . Shaky camera work is coupled with the use of grainy film stock that might as well have been purchased at a tag sale . Interior and exterior sets are confined to Mom 's house and backyard . Special makeup effects would n't be possible without the neighborhood party store 's Halloween section.These are the exploitation flicks , the cult films , the drive-in movies of yore . Except for unintentional humor , there is no redeeming value to this peculiar film subgenre characterized by shock value and horrible execution . Invasion of the Blood Farmers is a perfect example of the latter.Local yokels in Jefferson Valley are disappearing at an alarming rate . The chief of police is out of town , so the disappearances are of great concern . One of the town drunks stumbles into his home away from home bleeding profusely and gurgling incoherently before he finally succumbs in front of the rest of the barflies ' startled eyes . When the town pathologists analyze his blood , they discover that it has been tainted by an outside agent that causes red blood cells to reproduce at an alarming rate . As evidence , a test tube that originally contained a drop of the victim 's blood is now overflowing with the red stuff.The force behind the disappearances and the mysterious `` plasma disorder '' is a group of Druids taking up residence at a neighboring farm . Their aim is to resurrect the Queen of the Sangroids . In order to do this , they must feed her blood . Sounds easy enough , but there 's a catch
 A must for any and all fans of really really bad movies . This little known gem is actually MORE entertaining than any HG Lewis film and ranks alongside the best of Ed Wood . The `` story '' revolves around a bunch of `` Sangroid Druids '' attempting to resurrect their queen by finding a suitable `` Blood Hooost '' . You wo n't be-BELIEVE ! the acting/dialogue and camera work . Insane . Highlights
 Why does n't this movie make every shlock horror fan 's top 10 list ? It 's right up there with Ed Wood 's best in terms of hilarity and it 's much faster-paced than even the best H.G. Lewis gorefests.Laughable effects , poor cinematograpy , stilted dialogue and atrocious acting . You wo n't BEEEE-LEEEEive what 's happening ! We watch this movie constantly and it still cracks us up . And unlike videotape versions , the DVD does n't run out before you get to see the ending -LRB- ! -RRB- . A classic .
 If you like Shriek of the Mutilated you 'll surely love this.This is inept film making at it 's best.A true masterpiece of horror!Did they really mean it ?
 I really loved the Prof. Character . . The always witty banter between the Prof. and his boy assistant ... Here 's a good example , something like this : Boy Assistant
 This movie is hysterical , if you like bad horror movies you 'll love it . I wonder how much they had to pay The Queen of the Sangroid for her performance .
 THE ACTING IS TERRIBLE.THE EDITING IS TERRIBLE.BOTTOM OF THE BARREL PHOTOGRAPHY.BUT THE MUSICAL SCORE IS GOOD.IF YOU LIKE VERY BAD MOVIES YOU 'LL LOVE THIS ONE . A GOOD JOB WAS DONE BY FRED OLEN RAY FOR THE SPECIAL FEATURES ON THE DVD . ALL IN ALL IT WAS WORTH IT .
 I saw this at the Tribeca Film Festival and loved it , and have just discovered it here . I think this is some of James Franco 's best and most interesting work , and Martin Donovan , Josh Lucas , and Julianne Nicholson are all wonderful as well . Anania does not make films for the masses -- I 've seen several of his works , and he is definitely working his own vein , exploring the silences between people , the interruptions that occur when normal lives are sent off course , the moments that other filmmakers mostly ignore . His films remind me of Hemingway 's advice to Marlene Dietrich , when she wrote him at one point in her career not knowing what to do next . He wrote back , `` Never confuse movement with action . `` Almost all filmmakers ignore Hemingway 's advice , which is why I love Anania 's work , because he never does . The initiating accident of the film - a missed flight - sends Franco 's character off into an entirely new life , and though he encounters criminals and violence , the focus remains on his choice to live a new life without any connections to other people . There 's plenty of action in this film , though not very much movement , so I understand that filmgoers who are used to more conventional Hollywood fare might not have found what they came looking for . But if you 're willing to give it your attention , and if you understand in advance that -- as with a challenging piece of music , or poetry , or painting -- you will have to do some work yourself , this film will more than repay your interest .
 I like a movie that makes you think and does n't give you all the answers right up front . This is an entertaining little flick with good eye candy in James Franco and Josh Lucas .
 `` Exquisite ! '' - Tony Rayns , Film Comment `` Pure cinema '' - Susanna Harutyunyan , FIPRESCI - The International Federation of Film CriticsAlong a sleepy Hunan riverside , two delinquent boys experience a summer of love and violence in Yang Heng 's visually stunning debut.Ali and Xiao Yu are two teenage rebels idling away their days along the banks of a river in Jishou , a quiet town in Hunan province . They steal motorbikes , bully and rob kids , sing karaoke , and get into fist fights outside the local Internet bar . But their rough exterior belies a deeper romanticism , and a tenderness unfolds between them and their teenage loves . As one day bleeds into the next in this impoverished rural setting , it becomes apparent that these sun-baked days of misspent youth will be the wildest , freest time of their lives.These everyday subjects are transformed by groundbreaking digital cinematography unlike any other Chinese film . Alternating deep-focus with bold flatness , Yang explores spaces with a mastery that recalls both classical Chinese and modernist landscape painting . Filmed in a summery palette with images that give off an otherworldly glow , BETELNUT offers a one-of-a-kind vision of what it 's like to be young , poor , and free in China . `` Yang is a first-class visual stylist , and BETELNUT is far and away the most exciting debut film I 've seen all year . '' -LRB- Michael Sicinski , The University of Houston -RRB-
 Isaac Hayes and Yaphet Kotto in TRUCK TURNER . Ca n't help but like this one . Kotto is an actor 's actor . Hayes had some kind of gentle power that always intrigued me . A classic film in many ways . Great title .
 Very Good Movie if you like `` old school-soul movies '' . I appreciate the flash back of actors from that era . Issac Hayes , Yaffat Kotto .
 Action the whole movie and it 's quite funny too . If you like movies full of action and gun play this is a movie you want to see . It 's got pimps and ho 's and the bounty hunters . I first saw this movie years ago when I thought Issac Hayes was just a singer boy was I wrong . I love black action movies like this and you will get your money worth with this movie .
 AN INTENTIONAL OVER THE TOP ACTION THRILLER , A OLD SCHOOL GHETTO CLASSIC , GREAT SOUNDTRACK BY THE STAR OF THE FILM -LRB- ISSAC HAYES -RRB- IT HAD TWO UNDERRATED ACTORS YAPHET KOTTO AND MS.NICOLS FROM STAR TREK , IT HAD A BUNCH OF GREAT SHOOT OUTS ESPECIALLY THE ONE IN THE HOSPITAL ... THE BEST OF THE BLAXPLOITATION GENRE TO ME , A GUILTY PLEASURE .
 When there 's crime about in 1970 's Los Angeles , Black folks did n't call 911 . They called Truck Turner ex football player turned lawman of the ghetto.Issac Hayes is Truck Turner , a big black guy with a big black gun dispensing vigilante justice on the streets of 1970 's LA. . When he 's not fighting crime , he 's fighting to keep his larcenous girlfriend out of jail . On his mission to clean up the streets , he runs afoul of a slimy pimp named Gator . Tuner blows him away with his big black gun and that leads to a whole lotta trouble for our hero . Gator 's Madam -LRB- played by Nichelle Nichols , known formerly as Lt. Uhura to Trekkers -RRB- puts a contract out on Turner . Turner kills the hitmen fairly easily with that big black gun , but wonders why someone is trying to kill him . When the underlings fail , Lt. Uhura puts up her stable of escorts up as collateral to a bunch of pimps for them to do the job for her . Most fear Truck and his big gun , but decide to go along with the deal -LRB- well a stable of extra hoes is worth the risk for a pimp -RRB- hoping to screw Lt Uhura . over and take her hoes from her . When he hears that there 's a contract on him , Truck Takes action . He protects his girlfriend by having her arrested for shoplifting , then he goes after the pimps taking them out one by one until a thrilling climatic battle between himself and Harvard Blue -LRB- Yaphett Kotto -RRB- in a hospital . A shootout in a hospital ! Well at least they 'll be able to get medical attention quickly . The way the final gun battle ends is worth the price of the DVD alone . I have never seen someone take so long to die in a movie.Truck has a final showdown with Lt. Uhura during an argument she uses language a Starfleet officer would never use . Worse yet , she tries to kill our hero . Truck takes her out with his big gun . Then drives down to the police station to pick up his girlfriend again . They drive off into the sunset and the movie ends.Because of the first rate acting Truck Turner is a cut above your standard blaxploitation movie . It ranks right up there with Shaft as one of the best films of the genre . Isaac Hayes is great as Truck Turner playing him as tough and cool on the streets but still tender and sensitive when with his woman . Yaphett Kotto does a solid job as Harvard Blue , the pimp . Nichelle Nichols is the real star of this film . She shows amazing acting range playing a character that is the polar opposite of the dignified Star Trek communications officer she portrayed a few years earlier . She gives such a great performance here ; I did n't know it was her until I looked at the ending credits ! Nichols performance is worth the price of the DVD alone , as is seeing some of the crazy 1970 's pimp suits on Harvard Blue and Gator.Truck Turner is a Shawn James Essential Blaxploitation video . Pick this one up for your DVD collection today .
 This movie was awesome . From Truck 's enterence in the beginning , to his first meeting with sadistic pimp Gator . This was by far my favorite blaxploitation movie of all time , and I must say this will go down in history for myself as having an awesome soundtrack and some of the coolest lines in a movie ever !
 I have to admit that this one is probably one of the best . I knew from the opener that I was hooked . Issac Hayes and Lt. Uhura kick butt and I find the diaglogue of all the characters in the movie to be very funny .
 Issac Hayes carrying the whole weight of an action film alone ? A film starring HIM ??? At first I thought it 's ridiculous . Well , he is a great singer , but ... . Then I watched this film , and twice , and am convinced . He should do that more !! Yes , I acknowledge he can not act like DeNiro or Pacino , and the story of his love interest is as convincing as love between Josh , Ben , and Kate in `` Pearl Harbor . '' But given a right material like this , his towering physical presence makes up for anything single-handedly . Truck Turner is an ex-football player , and now a bounty-hunter . With his partner Jerry , nothing can stop them . Nothing . If you are disliked by him , pray it ends soon -- because his huge fists are flying to you right in the face ! But one day his botched job getting a guy named Gator leads to his being THE most wanted man for the gangsters . They attack him , his office , and his room even , but now it 's Turner 's turn to pay back !!! Frankly , the film is too violent , and one scene made me cry `` Oh , PLEASE ! DO N'T HANG THAT ! '' But Hayes is well-cast and credible as a no-nonsense bounty-hunter , and actions are good . But the most memorable is Nichelle Nichols 's `` madam , '' whose foul-mouthed acting completely shatters the good old memory of `` Star Trek '' fans . -LRB- Where did our Uhula go ? Or , is this what she really wanted to do ? -RRB- Another impressive point is director Jonathan Kaplan , who sometimes gives strong emphasis to darker nuance of his direction -LRB- maybe overdirection , some say -RRB- later seen in his Jodie Foster film `` The Accused . '' The fate of Yaphet Kotto is captured in a very bleak way , which reminds us of Christopher Walken in a very violent noir `` The King of New York . `` Though I do n't share the enthsiastic praise of other reviewers , `` Truck Turner '' is a great action film , which is raised higher one notch above than average blaxploitaion films . If there should be a sub-genre like `` bounty-hunter movies , '' this comes to the top alongside with more comical `` Midnight Run . `` If you do n't know the details of bounty-hunting and bailbonding , you may not enjoy the film fully . In that case , you might as well see Trantino 's `` Jackie Brown , '' in which another icon Pam Grier showcases her great talent as the title heroine .
 i enjoyed this movie ; it should be viewed by seventeen year olds and older . it has funny moments and drama . be entertained.ese
 This is the best movie I have seen in a long time . I was under the impression that Issac Hayes could just put together some fly tunes . I was wrong baby . This movie is illin ' . Hayes ai n't no sucka !
 Get this
 Isaac Hayes is Bad in this Film.it 's not alot of Musical Artists that can Play & Act but Isaac Hayes pulls it off.alot of Action , Drama & Laughs in this Film.I Got it about a Year ago.The Music is Slamming as well.A Double Winner here .
 If you have a sense of humor , and you must if you like Blaxploitation flicks , this is one of the most enjoyable . Invite some friends and have a big laugh ... The pimp outfits are to die for ...
 Isaac Hayes made his mark by winning an Academy Award for best original song for his work on the 1971 film Shaft , and while his musical compositions for the film Truck Turner -LRB- 1974 -RRB- may not have been as successful , it did mark the first time Hayes appeared in a starring role , appearing in one of the better films to come out of the ` blaxploitation ' era of the 70s , in my opinion . Co-written by Michael Allin -LRB- Enter the Dragon -RRB- , Jerry Wilkes , and Oscar Williams -LRB- The Final Comedown , Black Belt Jones -RRB- , and directed by Jonathan Kaplan -LRB- Night Call Nurses , The Accused , `` ER '' -RRB- , the film stars Isaac Hayes -LRB- Escape from New York , I 'm Gon na Git You Sucka -RRB- , Yaphet Kotto -LRB- Live and Let Die , Alien , Midnight Run -RRB- , and Nichelle Nichols , whom most probably know best from her role on the original Star Trek television series and subsequent films as Lieutenant Uhura , the sexiest communications officer this side of the Crab Nebula ... also appearing is Alan Weeks -LRB- Black Belt Jones -RRB- , Annazette Chase -LRB- The Mack -RRB- , Sam Laws -LRB- Cool Breeze , Walking Tall -RRB- , and Paul Harris -LRB- Across 110th Street -RRB- . Appearing in cameo roles are Charles Cyphers -LRB- Halloween , The Fog , Escape from New York -RRB- , the legendary Scatman Crothers -LRB- One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest , The Shining , Bronco Billy -RRB- , veteran character actor and AIP perennial Dick Miller -LRB- The Wild Angels , Piranha , Gremlins -RRB- , and the late Matthew Beard , best known as that bowler hat wearing lil ' rascal Stymie , from the Hal Roach ` Our Gang ' shorts of the 30s . Hayes plays Truck Turner who , along with his partner Jerry -LRB- Weeks -RRB- , make their living as bounty hunters , that is , they run down jive turkeys who jump bail , decided not to participate in the subsequent legal process due to the fact they 're probably guilty as sin , and conviction , along with jail time , are imminent . The two are very good at what they do , so much so they often get the jobs no one else wants . One in particular , arises involving a nasty pimp named Gator -LRB- Harris -RRB- . Seems Gator 's a two-time loser , and a third conviction would send him up for a long time , so apprehension will be extremely difficult -LRB- I think his crime has something to do his painting a Lincoln Continental , with suicide doors , hot pink ... egads ! -RRB- . Gator gets jiggy , and Truck and Jerry have to take him down hard , much to the dismay of Gator 's woman Dorinda -LRB- Nichols -RRB- , who offers a piece of the action of her stable of extra fine call girls to the first Mack who can bring her the head of Truck Turner ... many try , and many fail , meeting up with the business end of Turner 's Magnum street cannon , suffering a fatal case of lead poisoning . After the smoke clears , Harvard Blue -LRB- Kotto -RRB- makes the scene , driving a hard bargain with Dorinda -LRB- who 's now between a rock and a hard place as Truck learns of her scheme to have him killed -RRB- , and eventually calls in some heavy duty , out of town hitters . Blue puts the screws to Turner , as he and his men make it extremely personal , but the big payback 's coming , as Truck 's out to settle everyone 's hash ... can you dig it ? I can ... I enjoyed Truck Turner a lot , as it had nearly everything I look for in a blaxploitation film , including lots of action , hard pumping ` wakacha ' music , interesting characters , misogynistic attitudes -LRB- Dorinda was the worst of the bunch , in this aspect -RRB- , revenge motifs , plenty of colorful slang dialog , car chases , foot chases , serious beat downs , guns , obscenely 70s clothes , foul language , sexy women , bad attitudes , idiot racists getting their due ... the only thing the movie lacked was a bit o ' the nekkidness -LRB- Ms. Nichols had it going on in everyway , too bad she was n't prone to sharing it like her more well known contemporary Pam Grier -RRB- . One of the elements I liked most about the film was how director Kaplan kept the story moving along at a strong pace . I thought Hayes did particularly well , this being his first starring role , but the smart casting of experienced actors like Kotto and Nichols helped him immeasurably . I even enjoyed the subplot featuring Truck 's girlfriend Annie -LRB- Chase -RRB- , who was recently released from jail . One of my favorite scenes included Truck setting her up on a bogus shoplifting charge if only to put her back in jail and out of harms way . And Truck sure knew how to woo the ladies ... where some men might bring flowers when picking up their girlfriend upon release from jail , Truck brings a six-pack . Nothing says ` I love you ' like a sixer of cheap brew . Another great scene involved Gator 's ` pimped ' out funeral -LRB- attention MTV execs , here 's a new show idea ... Pimp My Funeral ... pure programming gold -RRB- , and the players depositing some white , powdery substance -LRB- flour ? -RRB- into the casket , as a form of respect , I suppose ... I 'm not familiar with this particular custom , but maybe I 'll try it at the next service I attend . As I said , there 's no nekkidness , but a whole lot of skin -LRB- especially from Hayes ' bald head -RRB- ... if this is so , why 's the film rated R ? It 's simple ... the profanities fly through this movie like nobodies business ... geezum crow Nichelle Nichols , whose character has about the foulest mouth in the film , never talked like that on Star Trek ... and then there 's the violence . Gut shots , leg shots , even a blood spurting face shot ... woo hoo ! I know a lot of people gripe about the glorification of violence within cinema , but I have to tell you , it was great to see characters just cut loose on each other in displays of bloody mayhem . Lastly I wanted to mention the excellent musical scoring composed and performed by Isaac Hayes , rhythm supplied by The Isaac Hayes Experience , and back up voices by Hot Buttered Soul Unlimited . Few worked scores as well for these films as Hayes , with the exception being that of Curtis Mayfield.Released through MGM 's Soul Cinema line , the anamorphic widescreen -LRB- 1.85:1 -RRB- picture quality on this DVD is very sharp and clean , and the Dolby Digital mono audio comes through very clear . The only extra available is a theatrical trailer , which is almost as enjoyable as the film itself.Cookieman108If I learned anything from this film it 's that bounty hunters pretty much have free reign to do whatever they want , including beating up mopes , commandeering vehicles , participating in high speed car chases , and shooting people in public , in self defense , of course , all without having to worry about any messy legal entanglements . Also , if you 're caring for your girlfriend 's cat while she 's in the joint , do n't leave your last , good shirt lying about as the cat is liable to whiz on it ...
 Isaac Hayes fills the screen with his funny portrayal of a skip tracer in this mildly absurdist drama . He delivers wisecracks like Bruce Willis . The film also has great shots of downtown Los Angeles before it became a concrete canyon . Cat lovers may be stressed out by one scene . Isaac 's sidekick also shines , as does Yaphet Kotto and the black chick from Star Trek .
 Truck Turner , without a doubt , is only one of the greatest Blaxploitation movies , that I have had the pleasure of enjoying !!!!!
 This is a nice forgotten action flick , from the so called black-exploitation film era , Issac Hayes is great in the lead role . Their is also a good supporting cast including Yappat Kotto and Nichelle Nichols of `` star trek '' . I will go to far as say this movie ranks up there with the best films -LRB- like Shaft -RRB- of that era . Fist fights , car chases , shootouts , anything you could ask for .
 Great quality . Showed better than i could have ever imagined since it was since technology was not as good as it is now .
 Mac Truck Turner Issac Hayes played the heck out of this movie as a skip tracer tracking down the bad guys . this is how i remember a man who brought great acting to the world as a whole .
 Now this is a movie !!!! I 've been watching this movie for as long as i can remember , and for me and my brother , this is like `` Friday '' where we know every comical line , when the music starts in the movie . I can never get tired of this movie , it has it all . A funky-ass soundtrack from the star himself , a lotta pimps-ho 's money , chases , shootouts , drama ... everything . Isaac Hayes should have made more like this . This is the bomb !!!!
 i really thought truck turner was a good action flick that describes smooth talking issac hayes at his best . check it out !
 Truck Turner caught me off guard , I thought I was in for just another Shaft/Super Fly type of movie but man was I mistaken ! Good action , seasoned actors and a good plot along with Isaac 's commanding performance makes this an awesome flick ! I highly recommend the sound track also , can u dig it ?
 Isaac Hayes plays an ex football star turned bounty hunter named Mac `` Truck '' Turner . After he and his partner kill a violent pimp named `` Gator '' , all the pimps get together and a contract is put out on Truck by none other than Gator 's woman -LRB- Star Trek 's Nichelle Nichols -RRB- . When all the little fish fail to kill Truck , the biggest pimp of them all , Harvard Blue -LRB- Homicide 's Yaphet Kotto -RRB- makes an offer to have it done but for a big price . Does he succeed ? What do you think?Director Johnathan Kaplan 's -LRB- Unlawful Entry -RRB- `` Truck Turner '' is a great part of the blaxploitation genre and of action films in general . Isaac Hayes makes a great action hero and I wish he had made more films like this . Isaac and his band also provide for one of the funkiest soundtracks ever , maybe more funky than the one he composed for `` Shaft '' . The film is exciting from beginning to end and Truck finds time to romance his lady and to make some jokes in between . One of the funniest scenes is when Truck and his partner go to pick up a prisoner from a military base and they have to break through the check point . When the security guards start shooting at Truck 's car , he hopes they shoot his left tire out because he needs a new one real bad . Guess what , not only do they shoot the left tire out but they have to put the new one on for him ! The rest of the time you will be laughing when you hear all the words that Nichelle Nichols has learned since she was Lt. Uhura on Star Trek ! * Also recommended with Isaac Hayes
 When I bought this DVD , I was expecting a run-of-the-mill blaxploitation movie . It turned out to be much more ! Isaac Hayes is smooth & tough as Truck Turner , a no-nonsense bounty hunter . I 'm surprised that Hayes did n't a make many more movies like this . He 's more interesting than some of the better-known blaxploitation stars . I 'd rank this near the top of the heap -LRB- a notch or two below movies like SHAFT and ACROSS 110th STREET -RRB- . This is a great choice if you 're looking for a good shoot-em-up ... with an attitude !
 Here 's a screenplay that should be studied in film school . Seriously . It starts out with a bang and holds your interest for a slammin ' first act . Then , just when you 're sayin ' to yourself , `` OK , this is fun , but where the hell is it going ? '' the movie makes a 180-degree turn at the 30-minute mark and totally peels out into something you 've never seen before . One of the few instances where 3 writers on an action movie is actually a GOOD thing -LRB- especially since one of them is Michael Allin , who wrote ENTER THE DRAGON , and another is Oscar Williams , who gave us THE FINAL COMEDOWN and BLACK BELT JONES -RRB- . Brilliantly directed by Jonathan Kaplan . Solid supporting performances from Alan Weeks , Nichelle Nichols , Dick Miller , Stan Shaw , Stymie Beard from the Little Rascals , and especially Sam Laws , who always turns up as a character named `` Dinwiddie '' in Kaplan 's early films -LRB- see also THE STUDENT TEACHERS , THE SLAMS , and WHITE LINE FEVER -RRB- . Special mention should also go to Yaphet Kotto , who one year earlier had claimed that his role in LIVE AND LET DIE was racist , but apparently thought nothing of collecting a paycheck here by playing a murderous pimp -LRB- or , even worse , two years later in DRUM , where he portrayed a slave who is stripped nude , hung upside down , and asswhipped to a bloody pulp -RRB- . Also , you got ta love any movie featuring an Italian hitman named `` Joe Dante '' -LRB- Kaplan and future GREMLINS director Joe Dante were both working for Roger Corman at the time this movie was produced . I think WHITE LINE FEVER also features a character named Joe Dante -RRB- . Last but not least , the score by Isaac Hayes is amazing . If you can find the double-CD -LRB- paired with his equally great THREE TOUGH GUYS soundtrack -RRB- , grab it ! I play it all the time , and it 's always being sampled by hip hop performers . Definitely check this sucker out .
 If you 're into movies like this you 'll have a great time with it like I did . Isaac Hayes stars as Mack `` Truck '' Turner , a former college football star who with his partner Jerry -LRB- Alan Weeks -RRB- now makes a living as a skip tracer for bail bondsmen . The pair accepts a big payday for bringing in a vicious pimp named Gator -LRB- Paul Harris -RRB- but catching him turns out to be very tough , and the pimp ends up dead . Gator 's business partner Dorinda -LRB- Nichelle Nichols -RRB- is enraged at the death of her man and offers her stable of high-priced hookers to the Mack Daddy who kills Truck . After a few try but fail to take down the formidable Mr. Turner , well-to-do pimp Harvard Blue -LRB- Live And Let Die 's Yaphet Kotto -RRB- strikes a deal for control of the call girls and hires professional assassins for the job . But when the killers hit the wrong man , Truck goes on the offensive to keep the people he cares for safe and his own behind out of the grave.This movie stands tall next to more famous blaxploitation flicks . Fast , funny and exciting , `` Truck Turner '' is an unpretentious action movie uninterested in social statements or damning The Man ... It simply tells a straightforward story quite well . In does n't break any new ground but is instead an example of how to do the genre right . It helps considerably that the excellent cast knows how to play the material for maximum effect . The weakest actor is Hayes but he 's far from bad in the central role , even if he gets by more on his cool charisma than his thespian skills . He 's never less than convincing whether he 's smacking around a rapist or sweet-talking his petty thief girlfriend -- it 's a good thing the script does n't call for more than he can give . Luckily the legendary Kotto and a dream list of character actors of the time support Hayes nicely . Dick Miller plays the bail bondsman that hires Truck to bring in Gator ; Scatman Crothers is a retired pimp who supplies information ; Charles Cyphers plays a drunk in one scene , etc. . But the real revelation for me was the spectacle of a foul-mouthed , jive talkin ' , tight-satin-pants-wearing Lt. Uhura ! Yes , Nichelle Nichols sheds every ounce of Star Trek reserve and Shatners her bad self across the screen spitting fire at everyone in sight . She 's a joy to watch and her profane , racial slur-slinging performance demonstrates one of my favorite elements of the whole film
 Truck Turner is perhaps the finest piece of Blaxploitation cinema ever . From such unforgettable lines as `` You could have at least brought some flowers '' `` I brought some beer '' to the appearence of Star Trek 's Nichelle Nichol 's as a pimpin ' street queen -LRB- `` Control YoSelf ! '' -RRB- to the longest car chase-foot chase - and back into a car chase scene ever , I pick this as my favourite movie to come out of this genre .
 This 1974 entry in the blacksploitation canon is a fun watch , even if it is n't `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant . `` It took a little while to catch up to the jive talk without the aid ofBarbara Billingsley . Even then , some of the dialogue , especially Isaac Hayes ' deep baritone , is difficult to hear . The best part of Truck Turner is Nichelle Nichols -LRB- Lieutenant Uhura -RRB- as a foul-mouthed madam . I detest hyperbole but that is truly a LOL scene . -LRB- See IMDb link below . -RRB- The best sight gag is probably the funeral procession full of pimp cars . Also really enjoyed the `` buddy cop '' character played by Alan Weeks , although it took me forever to finally place him
 I can not begin to describe how amazing it was to watch Nichelle Nichols describe all of the women in her ` stable . ' The dialogue in that scene pays for anything else that happens in the movie , although Isaac was very good in his role.If you watch that scene and do n't bust out laughing at how over the top it is then you have no sense of humor .
 ... I 've not seen this 70 's styled exploitation flick in a while . All it needed was miscued editing like a Dolomite movie and it would qualify to be in the PimP Cinema Hall of Fame . The movie is really average like a 1970 's Starski and Hutch tv episode up until the point that , in the aftermath of her pimp daddy being killed , Michelle Nichols rounds up the all the pimps to kill this Truck Turner bounty hunter in exchange for her stable of girls , some clearing over 25 K a year . -LRB- This is arguably the best scene in the entire show ... -RRB- Then the camp factor is kicked up a notch or two as we see the pimp wear and the Fredricks of Hollywood garb of many of the ladies . Yaphet Kotto and Michelle Nichols go way over the top acting , come to think of it . Isaac Hayes as action hero is passable , but , good thing he did n't quit the day job .
 Isaac Hayes plays an ex football star turned bounty hunter named Mac `` Truck '' Turner . After he and his partner kill a violent pimp named `` Gator '' , all the pimps get together and a contract is put out on Truck by none other than Gator 's woman -LRB- Star Trek 's Nichelle Nichols -RRB- . When all the little fish fail to kill Truck , the biggest pimp of them all , Harvard Blue -LRB- Homicide 's Yaphet Kotto -RRB- makes an offer to have it done but for a big price . Does he succeed ? What do you think?Truck Turner is a great part of the blaxploitation genre and of action films in general . Isaac Hayes makes a great action hero and I wish he had made more films like this . Isaac also provides for one of the funkiest soundtracks ever , maybe better than Shaft . The film is exciting from beginning to end and Truck finds time to romance his lady and to make some jokes in between . One of the funny scenes include when Truck and his partner go to pick up a prisoner from a military base and they have to break through the check point . When the security guards start shooting at Trucks car , he hopes they shoot his left tire out because he needs a new one real bad . Guess what , not only do they shoot the left tire out but they have to put the new one on for him ! The rest of the time you will be laughing when you hear all the words that Nichelle Nichols has learned since Star Trek !
 I highly recommend this video , especially for Spanish teachers . It is interesting , thorough , and your kids will really enjoy it .
 Season Two of Parks And Recreation took everything that was great about Season 1 , and raised it to a whole new level . Outside of Amy Poehler , -LRB- and Rashida Jones to some extent -RRB- , this was a cast of actors that most people were unfamiliar with and they were hysterically funny . I did n't originally want to watch because I thought it would just be a bad takeoff on the Office , but man was I wrong . Parks and Recreation is the funniest thing you 'll see . Period .
 I was going to write a long review , but everything has already been said by other reviewers here . Simply put , then , if you want to watch a series transform itself into one of the greatest on television , then buy this . After a slow start in season one -LRB- which was only 6 episodes -RRB- , the second season catches fire with amazing characterisations , hilarious gags , outstanding cameos and disarmingly effective romantic twists . Must-see .
 I struggled to get through the first season a bit , I rarely found it funny and it felt a little forced . But I decided to stick with it , and completely fell in love with the show during Season 2 . I love all comedies in that block -LRB- Office , 30 Rock , Community -RRB- but Parks & Rec quickly became the one I 'd look forward to the most . The episode where they combined all of their very different ideas into one very strange mural was sort of the turning point for me , and from the hunting trip to the telethon to Freddy Spaghetti , I loved it all . The cast is stellar , and each character has become more well defined and well portrayed . The writing got sharper and funnier , and was wonderfully balanced out by the sweetness of the relationship sand friendships that we get to see - Andy and April 's almost romance , Leslie and Ron 's respect for each other , and especially the friendship that developed between Leslie and Anne.Adding to all that is a city filled with some great off beat characters that pop up now and then and a lot of fun `` inside jokes '' like the endless rivalry between Parks and the Library , and you get a funny , sweet , silly , excellent show.I would highly recommend it , and really hope it hangs in there !
 The first season : This show started out with a 5-episode pilot season . Originally planned as a spin-off to the office , then changed to be more like a carbon copy of the office , in a different setting , with a female boss . I was originally very excited as I am a big fan of most of the cast . Something just did n't feel right . Seemed all the cast 's talent was being wasted on trying to look like another show.THE SECOND SEASON : Somehow , NBC decided to give the show that was getting pretty poor reviews and ratings another chance . We should be so glad they did . The writers re-tooled the show . I think the key change was turning Leslie -LRB- Amy Poehler -RRB- from a female Michael Scott to someone who actually knew how to do her job and had the respect of her office , even though she is quite the character . She went from annoying and hard to watch , to very funny and original . Amy and the rest of the cast have become one of the best comedy ensembles on television today.If you watched this show during the first season and were disappointed , I recommend you give it another shot.Unfortunately , I 've heard the show wo n't be back for a third season until mid-season . Which means the DVD will most likely have a delayed release as well .
 It 's a shame NBC does n't seem to know what they have with this show . People tuned in expecting it to be like The Office , but it 's not ; it 's more kind-hearted . It 's not wacky like 30 Rock , either , which I think is why the show has struggled to find an audience . That does n't mean it does n't deserve one!The show 's tone is set by Amy Poehler 's winning central performance as Leslie Knope . She 's smart and confident , sometimes misguided , often goofy , always full of integrity and an unironic love for parks , democracy , and Pawnee government . In fact , Leslie likes everybody -- she 's always optimistic and she does n't engage in cheap shots about anything . That 's so weirdly rare in TV comedy , a character who is n't there just to bounce zingers off everything else . But the show 's not boringly wholesome , either
 This is one of the funniest series I have ever watched . All of the cast characters are spot on . Just a hoot . Order was received quickly , in great shape . A win win all around .
 Parks and Recreation is extremely enjoyable . Every episode is well-written , amusing , and credible . The cast is amazing . I highly recommend it .
 I was just looking for a TV series to pass the time . That 's how Parks and Recreation started out but before long I was hooked and could n't get enough . This show is now one of my very favorites . I love it and its quirky humor .
 this show just keeps getting better and better ! i heard it 's just been renewed for the 4th season ! ca n't wait!this and modern family are my favourite sitcoms now .
 The second season is much better than the first one . While the firste season suffered a bit from the typical SNL or post-SNL syndrome , where the comedians think they are funnier than their audience understands , the second season really shows some great comedy . even the less likeable characters come into place .
 While I enjoyed season 1 , season 2 really takes off both in terms of humor and character development . Highly recommended .
 This show is easily a ten . One of the most well written shows on TV as far as a comedy . Network heads are complete idiots for shelving this show after only five years . Knope for President 2016 !
 Is it high quality ? no . Is it ` must see TV ? ' not a chance.What it is great for is passing an hour or so with 2 or 3 episodes . If you like SNL and the office , you 've probably already seen this . If you have n't , you wo n't regret it .
 My son loves this show ! `` It 's good and funny ! Aziz Ansari is the funniest guy on earth ! '' - Elijah age 12
 Not as good as season three and four but still hilarious . like the office if the office was actually funny . finished the season in like 2 days .
 It 's been fun watching the character development . The seasons continue to build on one another . I am just loving it !
 Best comedy TV series on a major network right now . Clever writing and great characters . Ron Swanson -LRB- Nick Offerman -RRB- is one of the best characters portrayals in a comedy series along with Jack Donaghy -LRB- Alec Baldwin -RRB- on 30 Rock .
 Lots of laughter with this show . Great chemistry among all the cast and if you do n't enjoy the report between Nick Offerman and Amy Poehler then stop reading this review !
 You just ca n't go wrong with Parks and Rec . Acting 's flawless , characters are lovable , situations are ridiculous and the whole thing pulls together to become entertainment you ca n't turn off . Be prepared to watch an entire season in one night , at the risk of your eyeballs falling out . It 's worth it . Hats off to Amy Poehler and the gang !
 This show is some of the greatest comedy on TV today ! Great cast - I love all the characters !
 This is the funniest show that has been on TV in quite sometime ... probably since `` Two Guys and a Girl '' -LRB- which has STILL has not yet been released on DVD , but shows like `` Saved by the Bell '' you can get every crappy season of -RRB- , but I digress ! The whole cast on Parks and Rec is fantastic , it is very well written , and yes everyone , it is like The Office , since it is the same writers , but I think much better on so many levels . If you have n't seen this show yet , by all means hurry up and buy this cause Season 3 starts this Thursday 1/20/2011 , at 9:30 on NBC by the way ! Enjoy !
 Honestly the best series of the year . Community was also very good , but this was hilarious ! god I hope this does well on DVD and moving forward with ratings .
 I love the first season and the second is no exception !! The characters become more developed and defined and all the more lovable . I picked this season up the day it was released and had all the episodes watched in no time . I just could n't get enough and I can hardly wait for season 3 . This show really is a shining star in the vast abyss of crappy television shows of today .
 Season 2 of this phenomenal show really gets the show rolling . The characters fill out , becoming wackier and more loveable than you can believe . We love Parks and Recreation !
 Initially I was n't terribly impressed with Parks & Recreation 's pilot . It was advertised as a spinoff of NBC 's The Office and that 's exactly what the show felt like as I watched it . Leslie Knope came across as the female Michael Scott and I was worried that Parks would just be an Office retread , only with a different setting and characters . As such , I was n't interested enough to watch how the rest of the season played out.So then Season 2 rolled around in the fall and I thought I 'd give the show another shot ... and I 'm SO glad that I did . The writers kicked the `` spinoff '' label to the curb and quickly found the show 's own identity . Leslie Knope was no longer Michael Scott With Ovaries , but a hard-working , competent -LRB- albeit awkward -RRB- , success-driven , caring and selfless leader that you quickly grew to love and admire . Parks has illustrated a rich and colorful world that you just want to immerse yourself in . Each of the characters -LRB- even the background ones like Donna and Jerry -RRB- are unique and full of personality . If someone were to describe each character 's qualities without giving you their name , sex , or profession , audiences would STILL be able to identify them with ease . THAT 'S how strong these characters are . Personally , I could n't tell you who my favorite character is -- they 're all incredibly likable and each bring their own brand of humor and wit to the show and my favorite always seems to be changing . Ultimately they are what make the show . While The Office began to lose steam in its fourth season , Parks , which is currently airing its own fourth season , is still going as strong as ever , and I attribute that to this wonderful ensemble of characters.I 'm a big fan of The Office , 30 Rock , Community , Modern Family and It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia ... but none of them come close to Parks & Recreation .
 A lovely show - funny and humane.The show works so well in part because of the focus on the little details - the humor largely stems from the specific quirks of the characters and their mundane , daily lives . But unlike this show 's spiritual cousin - NBC 's `` The Office , '' which also utilized the faux-documentary format - the humor here has n't yet gotten stale , in large part because the writers seem to genuinely love all of their characters . -LRB- `` The Office 's '' writers seem to look down on their characters . -RRB- Sure , the writers here poke a little good natured fun at the `` Parks & Rec '' denizens , and they occasionally imbue them with over-the-top traits , but those moments usually work within the show 's nominally realistic context.And though they are a sitcom ensemble , the cast always manages to imbue its characters with moments of surprising depth . -LRB- For example , there is a moment in the final seconds of Season 2 's last episode , just after a conversation between Amy Poehler and Paul Schneider , where Poehler 's face registers a range of subtle emotion that is almost unthinkable for any character on `` The Office . '' -RRB- It 's this combination of genuine wit and genuine humanity , more than it 's documentary style , that really makes it work so well.Highly recommended .
 This is one of those shows I actually avoided watching because I could n't think of how you could make a show about working in Parks and Recreation funny but they did . I just happened to watch an episode out of curiosity and that 's all it took.I think season two is better than season one but that 's ok .
 I hated Parks and Recs the first few times I watched it , mostly because I compared it to The Office -LRB- which is my all-time favorite -RRB- . How can you not though ? They initially setup Leslie Knope as the female Michael Scott , also used the mockumentary format , and they even have a `` Toby '' with Jerry -LRB- who instead of only Michael hating him for no reason , everyone in the office hates him for no reason -RRB- . Once you get past the fact that it 's a different show , you start to enjoy it . In the Office , it was about a contrast of normal people to the weird office people . You laughed at how the normal people dealt with the other personalities , the awkwardness that comes with it , and you related to it because you 've probably been there . Parks does n't really have that , and that was the biggest reason I did n't find it funny at first ... I kept waiting for that style of comedy , or the characters I was supposed to identify with . It 's just not there , but it 's funny in a different way . What Parks does have that the Office also had is great character development , interesting storylines that playout well over a whole season , and very subtle humor that you can only appreciate the more you watch.The one thing holding me back from giving this 5 stars is Leslie Knope -LRB- the lead -RRB- is n't the strongest character on the show -LRB- like a lead should be -RRB- . Ron , April , Tom , and Andy are all better and more consistent characters in my opinion . From the beginning , I got what those characters were about and the writers remained consistent in developing them . When I watched Leslie , i could n't figure out if they were trying to make her to be a complete idiot or just a little strange . One episode she was strange and quirky , the next she was a total moron and acting way to similar to Michael Scott -LRB- a character that should not be recreated . -RRB- I noticed as the season went on , this got better , and they got more consistent with her . Another character I do n't get is Ann ... she just does n't seem to have a purpose and nothing about her is funny or interesting to me . Plus I do n't understand her relationship with Leslie . She 's always looking at the camera like Leslie 's a weirdo , but then talks about how much she likes her . I do n't know ... maybe I 'll understand it more as time goes on.All and all , a good show , that while similar to The Office , is different , and has many unique traits that make it appealing.PS - I know I said Jerry is a slight ripoff of Toby , but I have to say it 's one of the funniest clones ever . I just love how they all hate and make fun of him as a group for no apparent reason . It creates nice bonding moments for characters that seem to not really have that much in common aside from that . None of them ever really agree , but they all bond when it comes to mocking him . It 's hilarious .
 So we have two -LRB- 2 -RRB- 1-star reviews and 23 -LRB- make that 24 -RRB- 5-star reviews . Hrm . Troll much , one-starers ? This show is incredibly hilarious , AND includes characters that the viewer cares about !
 I love this show ! After watching Season 2 rather belatedly I have to say the show still holds its own in entertainment value in 2013 . Leslie Knope is a great character , as are all the other characters , like April and Tom , Ann and Andy , et al. . You will be laughing so hard by the end of season 2 you 'll want more seasons , and will , like me , start watching Seasons 3 , 4 , and 5 . Amazon Prime provides good HD quality episodes so long as you have a high enough bandwidth on your internet connection . Enjoy !
 Bought it for a relative . He loves all the Parks and Recs . The order came quickly . Very satisfied with it !
 One of my favorite shows . An improvement over season 1 since it 's clear they found the appropriate character beats and story lines to make this one of the best shows on TV . Still got ta get 3 and 4 to add to my collection ...
 I bought this as a gift for my husband for Christmas because we both LOVE Parks and Rec . We think it is hands down the funniest show on tv !
 I love this show ! For anyone who has a sense of humor , this is a great choice . Season Two is also my favorite .
 I love it . It was disheartening to learn that the Office was loosing Steve Carrell but this has eased the pain and made me look forward to TV again !
 I love this show ! After the 1st season was a bit of a disappointment I was n't sure what to think about Parks and Rec . I am so glad I gave this show a 2nd look . Amy Poehler/Leslie Knope is my hero ! I ca n't get enough Parks and Rec . No one should miss this show , like ever ~ !
 I love all the dramas on cable right now , but I was in need of a laugh , and this show was perfect !! Quality humor , similar in style to &#34; The Office , &#34; but IMHO far superior - great characters , good heart , and funny !
 Love the quirky characters on this show . A counterpart for those that probably also love the Office , or Community . The supporting characters are sometimes better than the big names , so you should give it a try : -RRB-
 The characters are so great . You ca n't help but love them . It took me a couple episodes to get into it but man , this show is quirky and real .
 Parks & Recreation started promisingly enough in its -LRB- short -RRB- first season , but the in its second season , it has developed into my favorite thing currently on TV . Every episode is sharply written , and each character is well-defined , as are the relationships between the characters . This show has some of the best cast chemistry I 've ever seen.I think where this show went from being a good comedy to a great TV show is when the character relationships started developing more thoroughly . As the show progresses , there are more `` serious '' moments that show how these people care about and take care of each other . Make no mistake , these scenes are as funny as the `` wacky '' moments , but the show 's heart shines through.I highly recommend Parks & Recreation for fans of quickly paced sitcoms and strong ensemble acting
 The title of my review says it all.The 2009-2010 season was incredible . Both veterans such as the Office and 30 Rock and brilliant new series like Modern Family , Glee , and Community made this one of the best TV seasons in years . But in its second season , Parks and Recreation rose above it 's weak first season and is at LEAST as funny , well acted and written as the best comedies of the season . But not only that , it -LRB- perhaps along with Modern Family -RRB- was the most consistent . There were no `` meh '' episodes ... I would n't rate any of them below a B + . And the addition of Rob Lowe to the show is a Godsend . Not only does he bring an incredible energy to the show , it may be his best work that I 've ever seen.Something that sets successful shows like the Office , Modern Family , and Parks and Recreation from the rest of the pack is having a big heart . And Parks and Rec . exemplifies this . It simply is not a cynical show , and while packing big laughs week after week , there is a deeper level of humanity and sincerity that in my mind makes it simply about as wonderful as television gets.First season , while not without merit , failed to fully find it 's voice , and ultimately led to a low rated second season . On any TV critic 's score card , Parks and Recreation 's second season was up there with the best of them . Worse still is that aside from Amy Poehler , it was unfairly snubbed of Emmy noms , and this is a shame . Fans questioned whether NBC would cancel the show , but happily , it will get a third season ; sadly it will enter as a mid-season replacement . I 'm hoping NBC 's faith in the show is manifest in many marketing dollars so that this gem stays on the air .
 If you have n't seen this show , you are in luck just because you can grab the first two seasons and watch them back to back . Over the last couple of years , in my mind The Office has run out of fresh ideas and just keeps having people in the office hook up , break up , hook up , and break up again , and it 's getting old . THANK GOD for Parks and Recreation . I am NOT the biggest Amy Poehler fan out there , but the main reason to watch this show is Aziz Ansari . The guy is amazing , and I think that in Season 2 Amy was able to step into her role better than Season 1 , and the show has n't looked back . There is a great supporting cast on this show , and Nick Offerman and Aubrey Plaza are both fantastic as well . I used to look forward to Thursday Nights for The Office , but now I look forward to Parks and Recreation , and then watch The Office to see if Dwight and Angela are together or not together , or back together , or not together , or back together ... I forget .
 Created by some of the producers/writers of the -LRB- US -RRB- The Office . This show is really taking off this year it was decent last year but not as funny as it is this year . The reason is mainly in my opinion they have given the support cast more camera time . Aziz Ansari -LRB- Tom Haverford -RRB- , Nick Offerman -LRB- Ron Swanson -RRB- and Chris Pratt -LRB- Andy -RRB- are clearly showcasing their comedic talent in this show about local government in Pawnee , Indiana . Amy Poehler 's character , Leslie cares so much about her job and advancing her career but her boss Ron does n't which is hilarious . Tom Haverford is her assistant hes basically always trying to be cool and he messes with Leslie , I think Aziz does some improv as well because some of the things he says seems like stuff he would write . The beautiful Rashida Jones is also in this show her character is more of the normal one surrounded by idiots . Ron Swanson is the best his blunt , dry sarcasm and to the point of what he is trying to say makes it funny . His character does n't really care what people think of him . Andy shines shoes at the city hall he gets in on a lot of their activities , he kind of has ADHD or something to that extend kinda says whatever he is thinking before actually thinking about saying it . Check out this show if you like the office or sitcoms . I do n't find Amy Poehler -LRB- Leslie -RRB- Main character that funny though she is alright but eh , that 's why it gets 4.5 / 5 instead of 5/5 .
 First of , season two of Parks and Rec is a gigantic improvement in all areas.The characters are much better drawn , each and one of them is unique , hilarious and incredibly memorable . Even characters like Donna and Jerry , who uttered maybe one or two lines in the entire six episodes that were season one , are now consistently given interesting and funny stuff to do.Everything has just kicked into gear . This season has very few flaws , in fact all episodes are so consistently great that it 's almost impossible to pick a standout episode.It 's not only the humor that makes this show so great . The relationships between the characters are simply sweet and heartwarming . These people are often goofy , but they are not caricatures . They can be outrageously funny , sad or genuinely happy , and it all feels very organic and tremendously relatable.This season gave me a ton of laughs , but it also always put a smile on my face that lasted for a long time after I 'd finished watching . If you 're feeling down , this will make you happy . I guarantee you that.And seriously , who could n't love Ron Freaking Swanson ?
 Simply put , this is the funniest show currently on TV . For someone reason , it did not get the attention it deserved starting off , and although more people started paying attention by the second season , it still has not gotten the acclaim the show deserves . A great ensemble cast and hilarious dialogue make this the sharpest show since The Office .
 The way I see it , the more 5 star reviews for this show the better . And since the DVD release date has recently been announced -LRB- Nov. 30 -RRB- I thought that was a good enough reason to add a review as any.After a solid but not spectacular start in season 1 , Parks & Recreation has improved by leaps and bounds in the 2nd season . Starting with `` Pawnee Zoo '' -LRB- the first episode -RRB- all the way to `` Freddy Spaghetti '' -LRB- the last episode -RRB- there has n't been a lull in quality or a lapse in developing the various stories that this season covers . Part of what makes this show so great is that no matter how despicable , repulsive or pathetic the characters are the show 's writers write stories that let you root for these characters . Whether it 's Leslie Knope -LRB- a well meaning but bumbling and somewhat ineffective bureaucrat -RRB- , Tom Haverford -LRB- a sleazy but harmless flirt who does very little of an actual job -RRB- , Ron Swanson -LRB- an authoritarian who hates government programs but admires Leslie 's spirit and effort -LSB- especially in this season -RSB- -RRB- or Ann Perkins -LRB- a good hearted nurse who through circumstance is tied to the Parks and Recreation department -RRB- all the major characters are multi-faceted who have a lot of depth and heart once you get to know them . The same is true for the minor characters like Jerry Gergich and Donna Meagle but especially April Ludgate and Andy Dwyer who also have their quirks and flaws but in this season these two characters in particular have a developing relationship that is the heart of the show . They are n't the only characters involved relationships ; Leslie , Ron , Tom , Ann and Mark each have their romantic lives explored as well but more importantly each relationship covered is compelling . These are n't cliched relationships that are fodder for the show 's writers meant to cheaply manipulate your emotions -LRB- or to get cheap laughs -RRB- . No , these are believeable complex relationships that whether they are used for comedic purposes or not at the end of it each relationship is heart-warming/heartbreaking depending on the relationship in question . It 's these relationships that ground the show.However , if that was all this show was about it would be pretty one dimensional and not worthy of being called the best show of the 20009/2010 season -LRB- which it definitely is/was -RRB- . Because mixed within the heart-warming/heartbreaking moments is some absolutely hilarious stuff . Funnier than anything on TV last year . From gay pet marriages -LRB- Pawnee Zoo -RRB- to accidental shootings -LRB- Hunting Trip -RRB- among other things , this show is full of original comedic moments that will have you laughing so much it hurts . Not to mention interesting plot twists/developments in characters that will keep you guessing and smiling.Luckily after this season this show is n't finished . NBC has announced that it will be a mid-season replacement this year . However , this is n't all good news obviously . The sad fact is that P&R ; 's ratings last year were abyssmal and without a marked improvement it 's very likely the next season will be it 's last . So if you are new to this show and curious about it I recommend you check it out not only because it was the best last year but because I selfishly want more . If you see what I and others see in this show I urge you to tell everyone about it . This show deserves more than three seasons -LRB- and two are/will be shortened ones at that -RRB- ! Because from a creative standpoint Parks And Recreation is on a roll and it would be a shame if the show 's writers were n't allowed to tell the compelling stories that are currently being told right now to a fitting conclusion at least . Here 's hoping all P&R ; fans are enjoying season 4 in a couple of years ...
 finally , i have a reason again to watch tv on thursday nights . ever since the beginning of season 6 , the office has been running out of steam and as much as the show `` tries '' to be funny , it just is n't anymore . it 's over , and they need to wrap up the franchise this season when steve carell/michael scott leaves , but from what i 've heard they are going to continue on which i believe is a BIG mistake . the writers act like they do n't know where the show is going and they do n't know how they want the characters to come across thus the show 's characters do not act like themselves anymore and makes you ponder the question , `` would their character really say or do that '' ?? michael scott is having the biggest identity crisis of them all starting in season 6 to present . michael gary scott use to have substance and depth to his character and even though he was incompetent , oblivious jerk he was a likeable underdog who you want to root for because at the end of the day he is a human being struggling to find love and trying too hard to make friendships and to keep his family -LRB- coworkers -RRB- afloat in troubling times . now , his character comes across as shallow , childish , and selfish with no humility . i just do n't know where the show went wrong . seasons 1-5 were/are something to be cherished because all 5 seasons are classics and are best at what television comedy has to offer . i 've came to the point to where i really do n't care about the characters or the show and who 's dating who in the office and the messy storylines . i 'm even embarrassed to say that i 'm a `` fan '' of the show anymore , because frankly i am not a fan of season 6 & 7 , and people do n't understand when you try to explain to them that `` well , i was a huge fan in seasons 1-5 when the show and humor was still quality and the characters still acted like themselves '' . so i do n't even talk about the office anymore to avoid this confusion and long explanation . how sad is that ? sorry for that rant but as you can tell , i 'm still a little bitter about the situation.the other comedies on thursday night -LRB- 30 rock , community -RRB- are really good comedies but are not `` have to watch '' shows that i want to watch religously every thursday night . i 'm glad to say that parks and recreation has taken the place of the `` love '' and `` excitement '' for television comedy that i use to have for the office in seasons 1-5 . i remember the season being terrific as i watched it on tv but rewatching the episodes on dvd i have realized that this season is brilliant and even rivals some of the office 's best seasons . yeah , it 's that good . this proves that creators/writers greg daniels and michael schurr know what their doing and can make a great comedy series . i still wonder why they stopped writing for the office ? the office 's quality dropped significantly at the very end of season 5 and that was the same time parks and rec started to air . it 's very obvious that the office 's drop in quality and direction started when greg and michael had less input into the episodes.anyways , this season is just fantastic . everything you can want in a great , hilarious , intelligent comedy
 Whoever gave the 1 star review obviously was not reviewing this item . Or the show itself . This show is amazing and everyone should get the DVD because it really takes off this season.Awesome !
 Pitch perfect scripts , perfect ensemble performances , spot on direction and editing . This is state of the art TV comedy . And great value too , after the cruelly short season one.I guess they needed a bit of time to feel out the bumps . Season one was fine , but it 's just an appetiser compared to the sophomore edition .
 Although not a big fan of the documentary style , the characters grow on you like waiting to see what an annoying dear friend is going to do next . I have become a Ron Swanson fan !
 I love this show in general . Even though this season does n't have the awesome Ben and Leslie relationship , this season still has a fair number of my favorite episodes . A great season of a great show .
 I have n't watched Parks and Rec from the beginning but have been catching up on Amazon . This is a very funny show that I hope continues on for some time .
 Once I started watching I could n't stop . Love the characters . Amy Poehler is great!It is a good , funny , entertaining show .
 When ever I watched an occasional episode when the 1st and second season first aired I always had the attitude that they were trying to create a program with the same formula as The Office . After watching the first 2 seasons I now see P & R for what it is , good comedy .
 it was good to catch up on a good series I 've heard good things about . Enjoyed watching the whole thing .
 Well crafted story and hilarious characters . So over the top ... just what television needs these days . -LRB- mostly -RRB- Clean with endless punchlines . My wife and I love watching 1 or 12 at a time !
 I really fell in love with this show during the first season but season 2 is even better . Leslie Knope and company return for more hilarity !
 Great season . It helps you get thru the day with a smile on your face . Definitely recommend it for a rainy afternoon or in the background while doing work .
 We 're completely hooked . Glad NBC has kept this show on as long as it has , many other shows -LRB- like Arrested Development -RRB- have been prematurely cancelled.Smart comedy .
 I love this show ! Love Amy Poehler . At first , I did n't know what to expect but it has definitely become one of my favorites . I believe it 's produced by former producers of ` The Office ' and you can see some similarities in the filming style -LRB- mockumentary -RRB- but I like it so much more than ` the office ' I highly recommend `` the hunting trip '' episode as well as `` the setup . '' I 've heard that the first season is n't that great but I would n't judge it by negative reviews of the first season . I have n't seen the first season yet but every episode of the second season just gets better and better.I also like the instant aspect of the Amazon VOD . I click to purchase and I can watch it within seconds on my TV via my Roku player . Very convenient .
 Wow - this is substantially better than season 1 !! Same criticism as last season - Mark , the cheesy `` to cool for school '' city planner , just doens ' t have a place in the show . You can tell as the season goes on that the writers do n't really know what to do with him . Just suffer through him , per usual - given the end of the season , I have serious doubt he 'll be back for season 3 . Storyline became MUCH more interesting this time around . Tom and Ron continue to delight , and my personal favorite guest star -LRB- John Raffio ... he 's hilarious . Trust me -RRB- is back for some more stellar appearances this season . The scenes with Tom and John are among the finest in the show ... perfect idiot fratboy humor , done beyond perfectly.Amy 's character is much more believable this season . Gone are the `` The Office '' - esque way-overdone boss moments ... she 's much more of a person , and quite a sweetheart at that , if a little doofy . This is exactly what I wanted from the second season ; well-timed jokes , appropriate material that still manages to be quite funny , and an office full of people smack-talking Jerry . It 's really a blast to watch - it 's worth suffering through the slow moments of Season 1 , because Season 2 is spectacular !
 Parks & Rec is one of my favorite shows , so of course , I had to buy the seasons on DVD . Had I realized that it was edited , I would have just kept streaming it and not have spent my money . Why would you buy a DVD that was edited ?! Does n't make sense . I still love this show . `` Give me ALL the bacon and eggs you have ''
 I tried watching The Office and could n't get through the first 4 episodes . I liked Parks and Rec right away . Amy Poehler 's `` Leslie Knope '' was a bit over-the-top in Season 1 , but Season 2 she is just perfect . Quirky but reasonably believable as a character . The cast is hysterical , and it 's the funniest 30-minute show on TV next to 30 Rock ! Two SNL ladies hitting it outta the park ! -LRB- I 'm not even an SNL watcher , just know they were on it together . -RRB- It 's just a really funny bit of TV - government employees as we imagine them . Keeps me in stitches !
 The humour was still strong . I am enjoying the old characters and guest appearances . The story lines are strong and so entertaining .
 Love the show and it works perfectly fine . The discs were brand new and they play smoothly . I have no complaints about this.Thanks !
 I 'm a `` late bloomer '' when it comes to Parks and Rcreation . I started with season 2 after being told that season 1 was ... D'oh . I was n't disappointed , and I really did n't feel that I fell behind the story . I 'm now on season 3 , and it continues to be a delightful story . The characters grow on you , and you want to see them evolve . Will Tom grow up ? Will Leslie get fired for pushing too hard ? Will April finally turn human ? And so on.Give it a try .
 The Man , Johnny Carson would have said of Leslie Knope , Ron Swanson and Co. .
 More people need to watch this show . It 's amazing ! It truly deserves all the praise it gets . It 's the funniest show out there .
 I began watching Parks and Recreation during its first season , and though it was n't knee-slappin ' funny by any means , it was something a little fresher than The Office so I continued to watch the show . And then Season Two kicked it up a notch . From the very first episode , Season Two is absolutely hilarious -- so much so that I 'm not afraid to declare this the best show on television right now -LRB- Season Three is currently airing -RRB- . The Office has a few funny characters in its cast , but in my opinion there 's more than enough dead weight on the show . Parks & Recreation is a very different story ; every cast member adds humor and depth to the show , and I 've yet to watch an episode that did n't make me crack up . And Ron Swanson is the best comedy creation since the dawn of time , just saying .
 This is one of my all-time favorite shows and I absolutely love this DVD set ! The bonus features and commentary make it worth the money . I would definitely recommend this to everyone who would love a political satire !
 I love parks and rec , but think that series two is better than the first series as it gets into the characters personailities a bit more , very funny and highly recommended
 Parks and Recreation is one of the funniest shows on tv at the moment . I recently bought seasons 2 and 3 on dvd and was not disappointed . Season 2 is miles better than season one , which was only 6 episodes long and the dvds have loads of extra features.A great buy .
 This t.v. show has me laughing through every episode and it is the perfect mix of dumb funny and just normal funny the show is for anyone who likes a good laugh !
 This is one of my favorite shows , and this is the season that made me a huge fan . The writing clicked , the chemistry of the characters melded and the pacing of the shows became impeccable.The DVD is especially awesome as there are often about 10minutes of deleted scenes for each episode . Additionally there are several `` extended directors cuts '' which are funThe extras of this DVD are phenomenal as well . Like -LRB- The Roots -RRB- ? uestlove 's take on P&R ; where they reveal -LRB- Wu-Tang Clan 's -RRB- Rza original audition for the part of Leslie Knopfe -LRB- classic ! -RRB- I have the 3rd season and have n't watched the extras yet but if it is anything like this Season 2 DVD I ca n't wait !
 I LOVED this episode ! For one , I was a Greg Pikitis , just not as brilliant with my pranks . Two , I can appreciate Leslie 's hatred for obnoxious little jerks . Three , I love Dave and thought they were good together - I like Leslie and Ben together , too so it would be interesting to see Dave come back to the show.Ann 's party was the best , especially with all her coworkers showing up in their scrubs . I wish Dr. Harris had bigger parts on the show . His sarcasm and indifference are hilarious.I worked security for years and can totally relate to Pikitis ' -LRB- fake -RRB- mom showing up to bail him out . Few parents these days hold their kids responsible for their actions so everything she said was completely believeable . Glad his own mother is n't afraid to `` ring his neck '' . If that was real they would probably have CPS at her door .
 This series is great ! There was an episode or two that was a little too crude for my liking , but with a character like Tom , that 's what you get . A very great season . Ca n't wait for season 3 to come in my mailbox .
 Season Two is a jewel . I `` m not sure if anyone watching the episode `` Park Safety '' will be able to get past the scene -LRB- without rolling on the floor in an uncontrollable fit of laughter -RRB- where Jerry bends down during his video presentation , splits his pants open and farts . Andy Samberg guest stars.Tom Haverford experiences an epiphany of sorts , when he looks at an abstract painting and carries on , to no end ; about the shapes - absolutely hilarious in `` The Camel '' . Ron Swanson having unbridled sex with his hated ex-wife , Tammy -LRB- Megan Mullally -RRB- in `` Ron And Tammy . '' Andy Dwyer , the no-clue doofus , shoe-shine boy ; tackling a possum , who bit the Mayor 's dog on the golf range -LRB- The Possum -RRB- . Also , Ron Swanson experiencing a `` toe-gasm '' while Andy is shining one of his shoes ; emitting an animal-like sound in the process -LRB- The Camel -RRB- . Just a few of the insane scenes that occur in this set.Oh , and you 're going to love the annoying , obnoxious , self-absorbed character of Jean-Ralphio ; Tom Haverford 's friend and co-investor in The Snakehole Lounge . He appears in `` The Setup , '' `` Woman Of The Year '' -LRB- outtakes are priceless -RRB- and `` The Master Plan '' The very pretty Rashida Jones plays Leslie 's close friend and confidant , Ann Perkins.I do n't care what anyone says - This show is funnier , and has a more versatile cast than `` The Office . '' Aziz Ansari , as Tom Haverford ; is ten times funnier than Dwight or Andy from The Office . And Amy Poehler 's Leslie Knope is n't an incompetent , half-wit buffoon of a boss ; like Michael Scott.Boo-la ! Boo-la !
 Season one had a shaky start , but I absolutely love this show and highly recommend it if you 're into quirky , densely written comedies like 30 Rock . I have rewatched this season several times and every time I do , there 's a joke I missed because I was laughing over the joke before .
 One of the best shows on TV . Like the Office , Parks really picks up steam in Season two and you find yourself really rooting for the characters and their town .
 This show is fantastic , watch it ! Amy Poehler is great . The first season is short , and quickly gets you ready for the second season !
 If you watched the first season and were unimpressed , forge on ! This is where P&R actually hits its stride . It is significantly more fun to watch season 2 than season 1 . This is arguably the best season period . Watch !
 Well let 's just say my family and I love the show . The other thing is no commercials ! It 's like watching a DVD . Good video quality with very little hiccups streaming them from Amazon .
 Pedro Infante Sr. plays folk hero Agipato Trevino in Cuando Lloran Los Valientes -LRB- 1947 -RRB- , a solid drama in 1870 's Mexico . In one scene , Infante embraces a `` dead '' Blanca Estela Pavon . It 's so haunting ... and ironic as the real Pavon died a couple of years later ! The harshness of time has not been kind to prints of this film . The credits look like they were made in 2007 , not 1947 ! Infante does a sincere job singing the film 's theme song ; it can make one 's eyes water . Still , this is a movie worth owning on DVD for less than $ 20 . The title means ` When the Brave Cry ' .
 Tengo algunas peliculas de Pedro Infante y estoy tratando de completar la coleccion lo mas que se pueda , asi pues esta pelicula es parte de la coleccion , Se mira bien , llego a tiempo . La ordene junto con otras mas del mismo artista
 What a fun dance . Kumu Kea 's instruction is thorough and lots of fun . Even though this is not a beginner 's hula , I think with some practice , even a novice can master this choreography . Thanks for offering it for rental here on Amazon . I have seen a few other ways to do this song , but this is one of my favorites . I hope Realhula starts offering more VOD titles here .
 I was very impressed and moved.Shelby McIntyre did so well in presenting the paradoxes of a man who just tends to display them in a particularly vivid way ! We 're all complicated beings , and he seemed to really take a close and compassionate look at Joe . Fine production values , insightful family interviews , unvarnished footage .
 I really enjoyed this documentary , the director Shelby McIntyre brings you into the world of Joe Redner and makes you feel like a Strip Club King . Joe 's story is unbelievable and remarkable , all captured on film in this wonderful DVD . I would recomend this film to any of my friends !
 Although I picked this dvd up for its title -LRB- and it was worth it -RRB- , this is a carefully crafted documentary about a wild character . Beautifully made . A great doc about a man that is more than just a Strip Club King .
 i loved the film . i was impressed and honored to be a part of it . it definitely captured the quiet dignity of a man who 's message screams for justice to all . joe has been a true inspiration to me , and no doubt to many others , whether he knows it or not . he taught me a huge amount about moral conviction , about dedication and passion , and about how in spite of my unconventional choices in my professional and personal life , and despite the attempts of many to judge me indecent or immoral for the path i chose - that i could hold my head up and show my children an example of honesty , morality , and logic in a society that often promotes greed , ignorance , and injustice under a hypocritical , manipulative veil of self-righteous judgement . In a nutshell , joe is all about 4 simple words which make up a profoundly ethical and admirable motto
 Shelby McIntyre skillfully directs this documentary which details the life and career of Joe Redner . The production is a solid piece and worth a look .
 No one should rate this movie less than 4 stars ! The plot is awesome rather people want to realize it or not . Aunt Bam can do no wrong , and I just love how she keeps holding her family down . Tyler Perry is the Best !
 I really enjoy this movie . I love the way Tyler Perry movies are . You learn something everytime you watch one of his movies . He is real good .
 A great and funny movie . Mr. Perry did it again . Aunt Bam is just like many aunt 's in the past and now . Family is important and this is a reminder of that and that Jesus should be in with us all .
 The movie came wrapped , which was a great plus . My family and I have watch the movie several times as a great together for laugh . Casey Davis was hilarious in the play .
 Tyler Perry has done it again . Aunt Bam 's Place touches your life in a sensitive and funny way . The players bring the message loud and clear with a touch of humor and a message to the heart .
 Very good play displaying difficult times that may arise from substance abuse . Tyler I think this may help others who may be in this circumstance . Very well written . We need more Aunt Bam 's in this world !
 It was a good play , had very good advice on some of today 's serious topics , a play just is n't a play without Madea ...
 I saw so many families in this movie . Thank you , Tyler , for showcasing a strong male character . Keep Cassie employed so she can keep blessing us !!!
 No Tyler Perry Bashing here . Get over it already . I really enjoyed this play a lot . The message was about a bitter mother who was divorced with 2 kids and making her ex husband who has married a younger girl life miserable . She has became a drunk and has been brain washing her slow son with lies and giving him drugs . Her daughter is a good girl and loves her daddy but is so sad that her mother has crossed over to such a dark side . Aunt Bam does a really good job at holding this one together and keeping you laughing.In the end I felt uplifted , inspired & happy and because of that I have decided to add this one to my DVD library
 Some people have no concept of the real world and life issues , I saw this play I brought the DVD and was glad I did . Tyler Perry did not drop the ball on this one , He just moved to another court and played ball there . You see the negative people all want to see Mabel Simmons -LRB- aka Madea -RRB- in all the work that Mr. Perry puts out . This man has a mission from God , and the word of God says go ye therefore and teach all nations not just the people that want to laugh . What happened at Aunt Bams place is so real it hurts but if you have never been down that road you could not even begin to comprehend the play , I live in a real world where life is not all laughs we cry sometimes and if you ha ha hee hee people would open your hearts and not just your eyes maybe just maybe you will see more than just the forest for the trees . My Hat go off to Mr. Tyler Perry because he hit on a subject that few people talk about . By the way this peticular play knocked on my doorsteps because I have a family member going through the same scenario right now . So if you want to laugh all the time do n't look for it always in His plays look for the message and maybe you too will laugh to keep from crying I detest ignorant people and I pray for your undertanding . The Bible says in all your getting get understanding.Mr . Tyler Perry I aaplaud you because you are going where few men and woman dare to go . God Bless You !
 A bitter mother who is divorced with two children is living a Miserable life of drinking , drugs , lies , and revenge on her ex-husband . Her ex-husband is happy , and now married to another woman . Aunt Bam walks into the situation of anger that 's brewing , and attempts to help out in every way she possibly can . I am a Big Fan of Tyler Perry , and have Enjoyed this play as much as I enjoy his movies and sitcom . The character who portrays Aunt Bam is the Miss. . Ella who we all have come to love and adore on ` The House Of Payne . ' In this Play , once again , she comes to the rescue in a family drama , trying to teach Right-From-Wrong and she does it well as she usually turns gloom into sunshine . The cast of characters are Superb , and the play is Educational as well as funny and entertaining . Highly Recommended !
 I 've been a Tyler Perry fan since the very beginning . I 've seen every single stage play & and movie of his . This has to be his best Madea-less play ! Cassi Davis -LRB- Madea 2.0 -RRB- was an absolute joy to watch in this . She was the glue that held everything togther . Other highlights were the singing of -LRB- American Idol Season 5 finalist -RRB- Paris Bennett & -LRB- Youtube Sensation -RRB- Melanie Daniels ! These two ladies can sing the heavens open ! All of the singing was on point . I know some of you might think that this is the same ole Tyler Perry play with the same ole message . This play hit home on so many levels -LRB- acholism , drugs , love & lies -RRB- to name a few . Tyler always leaves his fans with some kind of message or teach them something they did n't know beforehand . It might be a little redundant @ times . ` But it never gets old in this cruel & evil world ' .
 I choose 5 stars because this play was funny also a story . The actors are good . I would recommend this to a friend
 Not one of Tyler 's best . But , still hilarious and one to have to the collection . Cassie Davis is funny as expected and the rest of the cast expose great talent .
 Yes , I enjoyed `` Aunt Bam 's Place . '' It was very entertaining and informative at the same time.I shared it with some friends , and they were also greatly entertained by it .
 I liked this musical and I do not usually care for them . But Tyler Perry made you feel like you were actually in church when watching the musical portions . All his plays can not be about Madea ... this is a serious side of Tyler we have not seen often . Very good work , thumbs up !
 As always Tyler never lets me down . Funny and also brings messages of hope and redemption . Love the aunt bam character she is a hot mess lol
 I truly enjoyed this Play . It has a very positve and strong message that this Generation needs to hear ! I appreciate that Tyler Perry keeps it real with the true solution which is the Word of God !!! Very solid counsel in all his plays and movies !!!
 This play could 've been better . I think Tyler Perry was trying to push something out to his fans , but this play was not as good as his others .
 Although this is another poignant story line that addresses drug use , family conflict and faith , aunt Bam 's does n't quite hit the same intensity as other plays that I have purchased . It is still very worthwhile !
 I liked the play and the message . If I had to compare it to Laugh , I enjoyed Laugh more due to the inspirational songs .
 Tyler Perry is super at telling a story that is funny but real at the same time . He puts things into perspective about life that no other writer has done quite the same way . All his movies are a must see !
 As with any other Tyler Perry play/movie , this is great for the laugh . Need a great laugh , try it , you 'll love it too .
 I enjoyed this play . Its nice to have a play with a great story plot . It kept my attention going so thats a major plus . i usually fall asleep when things get boreing . I loved it and would like to see more plays like this personally with serious issues .
 it 's funny and great to watch if anyone has n't seen it they need to buy it to watch you 'll be laugh
 Not as good as earlier projects but always delightful . Great singing . Aunt Bam is always hilarious . An all-age viewing DVD .
 I love this DVD , it arrived in a timely manner and I enjoy Cassie Davis . No problems with the shipper and the price was lo . I would recommend this product . If you love Tyler Perry - you would love to add this play to your collection
 I WOULD TELL ANYONE WHO ENJOYS AUNT BAM AND TYLER PERRY MOVIE TO BUY NOW . . ALSO GREAT GIFT FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY .
 This play was awesome it made me a little mad because of the mother but as always it turns out the best with God back as the focus !
 I ENJOY THE MOVIE I LOVE ALL MOVIE THE ACTOR HAS PLAYED IN SHE IS A WONDERFUL ACTOR I WILL BE ORDERING MORE WHEN SHE MAKE THEM .
 I ENJOYED THIS PLACE VERY MUCH , BECAUSE IT SPEAKS TO THOSE FAMILIES WHO HAVE ISSUES WITH THEIR RELATIVES ; AND FRIENDS .
 A more engrossing play than you 're used to seeing . Suprising subject matter , handled humorously yet with frankness and integrity . A must see . Melonie Daniels shines !
 This movie is a play of Tyler Perry 's Aunt Bam 's place . I loved it because it was really funny . Of course there are also `` lessons '' to learn throughout the play . Aside from that and the singing the movie is perfect . I honestly can say that I laughed a lot .
 I thought this play was really good . I was caught off guard by the intensity of the storyline because Tyler has never taken me there before , but I enjoyed it nonetheless . There are a few laughs , but like I said the storyline is a lot more intense , so there was only so much comedy you could fit into the dialogue . If you enjoy intense stories that deliver a STRONG message then you will probably like it , but if you 're expecting the comedy that Aunt Bam and Madea are known for , then you may not like it as much because the STORYLINE overshadows the comedy . In this case I can see why there wasnt AS much comedy , but like I said there were a few laughs that were needed to lighten the mood .
 I bought this DVD to see if I would love her more by herself and it was a great play with alot of meaning everyone should own this PLAY . You go Aunt Bam smooches .
 I enjoyed the play . It was not Madea but it was good . I just wish they would have given Aunt Bam more spice .
 I love this play it was the most original yet . Aunt Bam is crazy and I love it alot BAM !
 Hilarious movie ! Anything Tyler Perry is great . I 'm a little hesitant when I know Madea wo n't be in it but on the contrary it was just as funny . Definitely recommend .
 Tyler Perry as always delievered another Stellar Play . Well worh the price . I highly recommend this play for all DieHard Tyler Perry Fans .
 This is a fantastic show exposing all the odds that are usually not talked about in our communities . It 's educative to all ages . I am impressed !
 Great video . We laughed and we cried . Thanks for getting it to me in time for the baby shower . Thank you .
 This was a good play , it dealt with real life stuff that actually happens in some messed up families and as you know all of our families comes with some type of issues most people just try and hide them . The young Ms. Bennett did her thing . Even though we take the time out to criticize the actors , the producers but do we really stop to think how hard it is to put all this together , weather it 's good or bad ? I do n't think we do because complaining about it seems so much easier . It was a good story line I liked the movie and it will be in my collection very soon , I used Amazon 's online rental to check it out first because I read so many bad reviews first .
 I was pleasantly surprised by Aunt Bam 's Place . I expected a typical Tyler Perry play , and I was greeted with a refreshing change of pace . While I have never seen a Tyler Perry production that I did n't like , the acting and singing in this play were incredible . My favorite performer in this work was Taral Hicks . I 've been a fan of hers for years , and I never knew she could sing , too . Of course , all of the actors delivered great work.I highly recommend this play - the ensemble number at the end makes the entire experience worth your time .
 This was the first time I rented video to see on line . The movie was fantastic . One of the funnest movie I have ever seen . Thank you again Tyler Perry .
 I have all of Tyler Perry 's DVD 's of his movies and plays . Whatever he puts out , I try my best to get it . This is Tyler Perry 's season and he is doing well . He cares about people , he tries to help as many people as he can and he loves what he does . Many people try to bash what he does , but he presents things in a funny way , but it has a true and deep message in whatever he puts out . When he takes on serious roles , he is also just as good . This goes to show you what a phenomenal actor he is and a producer and writer . Continue to good work Tyler and never mind the negative things people have to say . People will never agree with everything we do so he has to keep writing and producing good movies . You must have this DVD . Cassie Davis is a good actor anyway . I really enjoy watching her act .
 i thought it was very entertaining i love aunt bam in it well done cassie davis please do mor plays and movies with madea
 I really enjoyed this play . Tyler Perry did his thing . I wasnt as emotional with this one as I am with the other plays he 's done but I enjoyed it . The singing was awesome and Paris did her thing . And OMG the song `` You Do n't Understand '' I kept rewinding it ... I truly enjoyed the play and Aunt BAM , Aunt BAM , Aunt BAM I cracked up when she talked about riding the lawn mower , I couldnt get enough I kept rewinding that part too ... oh and `` I wish , I wish , I wish ... that baby dont know nothing , you cant do that to her . '' I was too through ... but seriously though I kind of connected to the mother only because my dad was a alcohol abuser when I was young around 8 years old and my dad was a really bad man . But thank God for Jesus cause he 's been clean for almost 18 years . Anywhoo and that song at the end `` I just cant give up now '' . My former pastor would wipe out a church singing that song so that really touched me ... I will say it would have been awesome for Madea to come in and slap `` Gloria '' upside the head but I believe Aunt BAM verbally slapped her when she was in that bedroom . Great job Tyler Perry now I cant wait to see `` Witness Protection ''
 great job Tyler loved this . this is a great play that a lot of single moms needs to see if some ppl stop putting so much energy into their ex life maybe they can move on with life
 I enjoyed this movie . It is not an award winner and is a bit predictable . That said it is still fun - a lot lf beautiful California scenes . Those who enjoyed David Charvet from Bay Watch will enjoy this movie . Honest effort in the acting .
 The movie is n't going to win an Oscar , but it 's got heart ... and lots of Vollyball . That was enough for me.Kristin Cavallari is n't hard to look at either .
 Canvas accurately depicts a family struggling to cope with a family member who has schizophrenia . It is both heartwarming and uplifting to see such a difficult subject being tackled by Hollywood . The performances are excellent and there is a vivid portrayal of what it is like for a child to be publicly embarassed by a parent 's bizarre behavior , yet love that parent at the same time .
 Canvas is a really true film ... the reactions of the patients to the medication is very honestly portrayed ... The child 's trauma and the way he handles it is very touching ... and every aspect of the film is thoughtfully executed .
 I received this movie very quickly . It was in new condition without flaw . I was completely satisfied .
 I like to watch true story movie . It was very sad that the mother had problem in her mind , poor little boy went through tough time . Her husband still loves for her , wow that is so tough love . It was very good movie . Thanks .
 This film portraits mental illness in a serious yet humorus way . It gives people the insight that mental illness does not only affect diagnosed but thier loved ones as well .
 This Movie Was Sad , Heart Felt.And You Can Learn a Lot From It About The Mentally IllThis Was a wonderful Movie.One I Hope Everyone Will See .
 Hi , One of our close relatives suffered from schizophrenia for over 14 years . So , this was recommended by our doctor , and I saw it . Very nice . I have following specific comments :1 . Focus on the subject , i.e. schizophrenia , and the typical behaviours - Kind of light - So , 3/10 .2 . Focus on emotional impact to the kith and kin of a typical patient -8 / 10.3 . Cinematography - 8/104 . Focus on the hobbies/passion of a typical patient 's Kith and Kin - 8/10 - However , not necessary , right ? - but I guess the movie would become too incredibly heavy emotionally on the viewers otherwise - So , I guess it is OK .5 . A movie that is badly needed to be made for the welfare of the society - An absolute YES - 10/10 - I appreciate the audacity of the movie creators .6 . Overall - Needed to be watched - 9/10My Personal story and recommendation to this World
 I found this to be a very good film , and most of the reviews already posted have given a lot of good information . But one of the key things that makes the film work at all has for some reason been overlooked again and again . The main character is played by Devon Gearhart , and the film stands primarily on his acting ability . I am not familiar enough with schizophrenia to judge the accuracy of Marcia Gay Harden 's portrayal of it , although the DVD commentary keeps repeating over and over again how authentic it is . Joe Pantoliano is very good , although when the directors talk again and again about his genius , part of me detects their gratefulness at lending the extra star power to a small production - he has good acting skills , but in my assessment Gearhart actually has a more wrenching and wide-ranging part to play , and the intensity of his performance in his hallucination scene alone was staggering ! It 's quite unfair to overlook his performance or to presume that such portrayals are somehow easier for kids to pull off , or whatever sort of weird bias underlies his lack of recognition here . Without such a solid portrayal of the lead role , the film as written could not have held together.I found the ending of the film to be fine , in terms of the optimistic emotional tone that was meant to be presented . Those who see it as representing some sort of magical resolution are , I feel , taking it entirely in the wrong way , for there is no hard evidence to support any such claim . Rather , the film deliberately chooses to end on an emotional note that emphasizes the characters ' intentions and efforts to try to focus on the positive aspects of their relationships , in a moment when things just `` happened '' to gel between them thanks to the efforts and perseverance of them all . It 's a very good film overall , with some scenes that are a bit weaker due mainly to the limited number of takes and the shooting schedule that was necessitated by a smaller budget.I personally find the PG-13 rating to be inappropriate . A `` strong caution '' to parents is entirely unwarranted , and was probably given merely because of concern over the one scene in which the boy gets a small cut on his arm . I seriously doubt that 99 % of parents would find any need for `` strong caution '' with this film , which is otherwise in technical terms very easy to encompass within a normal PG rating.One more point - as a fan of classical music , normally I do n't pay much attention to standard pop and folk songs , which all tend to fit within the same general and well-worn form and set of melodies , but I found the title song for this film to be surprisingly well-crafted , despite its seeming simplicity , in terms of the construction and use of its melodies . It really works ! For those who want to hear it , go online to the official Canvas website and check it out . It 's a rather catchy tune !
 The movie was sad but educational . I wish they showed more symptoms of the disorder instead of a just a little bit .
 This movie was very tastefully done on the subject of mental illness . It 's heart wrenching to see what mental illness does to families , especially the children . I was a little disappointed in the quality of the video . I had to turn the volume way up to hear it very well . This movie should be viewed by everyone who is dealing with these issues and everyone who is n't .
 I discovered this little gem when led to it due to other purchases in asimilar vein . This is a story based on the directors experiences as aboy growing up in a home with a schizophrenic mother . He also wrote thescreenplay over a ten year period , and it is his first full length film . -LRB- I watched the directors commentary after viewing the film 5 times overa 6 week period . The cast is excellent all around , especially the father , Joe Pantoliano , who is trying to cope with his wife 's illness , the highmedical bills , and his son 's anxiety about his mother and the socialpressures he has to endure from peers , particularly his father 's boss ` son , who he eventually beats up , costing his father his job . The pointof the film is how the father and son cope and eventually come to termswith the mother 's illness.The son , 11 , played by Devon Gearhart , gives an incredibly nuanced per-formance for a child actor . The film is largely seen through his eyes , and he is so real and normal , it seems at times like a documentary . Thecinematography is beautiful , mostly filmed in Hollywood , Florida . Themusic is wonderful -LRB- wish there was a CD -RRB- , and despite the heavy subjectmatter , there is much humor and good happy moments to balance it out.This movie deserves a much larger audience . It won many audience awardsat film festivals in 2006 . I own about 300 DVD 's , and as `` little '' filmsgo , this has become my all-time favorite . Do yourself a favor and rentit , or better yet , buy it . I 'm betting you wo n't be sorry .
 As a person living successfully with a mental illness I would like to recommend the movie Canvas . This movie highlights `` a family '' who is struggling in many ways with schizophrenia . As with many families living with a mental illness financial woes seem to be a theme throughout the movie forcing family members to get creative with paying their bills as a family member becomes hospitalized due to their symptoms of schizophrenia becoming unmanageable . Canvas shows the differentiation of personalities dealing with the menagerie of social viewpoints towards mental illness . Despite the pressures of living with a family member who is diagnosed with schizophrenia Canvas demonstrates that families dealing with schizophrenia can maintain love and respect for one another as exemplified by the way family members respond to each other with compassion through individual struggles . Canvas demonstrates how the individual and their family who both live with schizophrenia can find hope in recovery through real life trials . The family depicted in the movie Canvas would not accept defeat but chose to wrap themselves into the moment and let the hurt and joy flow like the wind flows into a canvas sail with a marvelous result . I would give this a **** rating .
 I felt that this movie brought mental illness down to a manageable level . It portrayed someone who could have been a family member and showed how this person -LRB- the mom -RRB- could handle her mental illness by use of medication and therapy to become a productive member of society .
 This is a great movie . It brings awareness to Mental Illness . The acting was super , however the lighting in some scenes was dark . I would recommend this movie to all , so we can try and lift the stigma of Mental Illness .
 This movie was very true to life to me . No one was a hero and no one was the devil other than the evil that is schizophrenia and the devastation that comes with living with it , the victim as well as anyone who loves the victim . I thought Marcia Gay Harden , as usual , did a fabulous job with this character . The father was as flawed as most people are and yet was portrayed by Joe Pantoliano in such a manner that whereas I wanted to thump him on the head re his treatment of his son , his sorrow , loss and anger were so well expressed that it was impossible to really dislike him . I grew up in Florida and those little concrete bungalows were so true to my memory of living in one . The scenery was also very true to life for this film . I liked these people , had compassion for them , suffered with them , especially the son re his mother and his school environment . Hard enough for any preteen/teen without mom 's mental illness thrown in for good measure/added shame -LRB- to him -RRB- . This was a quiet , thoughtful , heart wrenching movie - certainly not the best I have ever seen but I did so enjoy the characters and their portrayal/struggles of dealing with this horror of an illness .
 This film , based on a true story , shows a boy and his father coping with the loss of his mother to a severe mental illness . Although it is a devastating blow to them both , they find new hope and rediscover each other while working together to build a sailboat for her . The film deals realistically with the challenges of having a mentally ill family member , and how it affects their lives in the community , at school and at work as well as themselves . This winner is Joe Pantoliano 's best work to date .
 CANVAS is an autobiographical story by writer/director Joseph Greco and knowing that fact helps to forgive some of the weaknesses of the film . The story - how a family copes with the presence of paranoid schizophrenia and survives - comes from the heart and is as frank a film about the subject of mental illness as any out there . And for all the inherent tendencies to play it as a soap opera , the overriding effect is one of sharing lives challenged by the presence of a crushing disease.Mary Marino -LRB- Marcia Gay Harden -RRB- has been afflicted with paranoid schizophrenia for nearly two years and her disease has affected her marriage to her working husband John -LRB- Joe Pantoliano in his best role to date -RRB- and her eleven year old son Chris -LRB- Devon Gearhart -RRB-
 I almost did n't see this film . I just tuned it in on Cablevision Movies on Demand . Oscar winner -LRB- for `` Pollock '' -RRB- Marcia Gay Harden gives a bravura performance as Mary , the wife and mother who had suffered a psychotic break about 18 months before this story begins , and whose denial that she needs continuing medical help has begun tolead her once again into bizarre behavior and paranoid delusions , to the extent that she 's finally removed from her home by the local police , who have been there many times before . But Harden 's portrayal is so nuanced that we can see the loving wife and mother and the scared person inside . As Mary 's frustrated , but fiercly protective and loving husband John , Joey Pantoliano is first-rate . I know I 've seen him in a lot of other things , but this was the film that made me realize exactly how good he is.But Mary 's illness is only part of the story . When she 's hospitalized -LRB- and in the scene where John and son Chris first go to the psychiatric ward to see a heavily sedated Mary , Harden is heartbreaking -RRB- , a new relationship has to be forged between Chris , who has been taunted at school about his `` crazy '' parents , and John , who is seriously worried about being able to pay Mary 's mounting medical bills.To me , this film is less about schizophrenia as it is about family and love , and the human connections that redeem us no matter what 's happening on the outside . There is a lot of love in this film.If you have n't seen Canvas , you should.EDIT
 I have to admit that it was hard for me to watch this movie . A little seven-year-old girl somehow found our family many years ago . When we learned that her mom suffered from schizophrenia we told her that whenever her mom was off her medicine , and she did n't make a meal , this little girl should come to our house and we 'd feed her . Over the years , she also slept at our house many times . Her last day of high school she ate breakfast with our kids and said she was really going to miss those times as part of our family . -LSB- She , now successful in her work , still is an important part of our family over a decade later . -RSB- As I watched this movie , it was like watching our unofficial daughter 's experience all over again.I do n't think I need to say more about the authenticity of this movie . I just wish we 'd had this movie when this little girl was still ten . It would have helped two ways
 Canvas the Movie does what few films have done . It depicts the struggles of a family member who is experiencing paranoid schezophrenia and it show the confused but loving attempts of the family members to in some way connect to their loved one and each other .
 Never heard of this movie , but saw it on TV . What a sleeper this one must have been at the box office that I missed it . I 'm a psych nurse and this has the honesty of the heart-wrenching struggles with psychophrenia that touches an entire family , and the sensitivity that protects the dignity of the victim -LRB- s -RRB- of this illness . It is beautifully and empathically developed and touchingly performed . Kudos to whomever did the screenplay . Genius .
 This movie has been viewed by several of our Nami Wood County , Ohio members and we are now ordering several more copies to be placed in our library for organizations and other family members to view . We believe it is one of the most `` real life '' discriptions of how mental illness affects families . It 's an `` oscar '' to us.Carol A. , President
 ` Canvas ' is the most realistic film I 've ever seen of what it 's like for a family member to battle schizophrenia . Some parts were difficult to watch because they so realistically show what my loved-one goes through and how helpless one can feel regarding this illness.The movie ` Beautiful Mind ' allows you to step into the mind of a person battling schizophrenia . ` Canvas ' was more like stepping into a family dealing with this illness.Thankfully , along with the gutt-wrenching moments , the movie also shows that there can be good days during this struggle . The husband is shown having enormous love and patience for his wife . The film also shows that though the wife is struggling with this illness , she truly loves her husband and son . They each have hobbies that bring them pleasure and are a way of coping ... painting , sailing , having friends . With these pleasant times portrayed and the music in the film , you will not only get to look in the window of a family dealing with mental illness , but you will be able to do it with some moments of smiling .
 Mary -LRB- Marcia Gay Harden -RRB- , seeming to be more eccentric than schizophrenic , is a happy person when she does not have her episodes where she hears voices , and believes that they are in danger and that the house is wired hence her paranoia . Her husband -LRB- Joe Pantoliano -RRB- looks after their young son when Mary is forcibly taken to a mental institution . As with many schizophrenics , they stop taking their medication when they feel well , and then they go downhill again . She eventually realizes that she needs to take her medication . She is close to her son , and very protective , to the point where it is embarrassing for him . The movie gives one a look into this family home , and you realize that there is a togetherness not found in many homes where all the family members are so called `` normal '' . A very touching story .
 I have empathy for the father and his son.My son and I have been thereToo bad this excellent film was not better marketedexcellent ; ie the story , the cast and the background
 Whoever thought that a toy line would become the star of a movie franchise ? -LRB- with the exception of GI Joe of course -RRB- Years ago , when bionicles first hit the marketplace , and my boys discovered them , we always thought they would make a great film . With CGI advances , they are now here . Even if you do not know anything about the Bionicle line of toys , you will like this.In terms of plot , Mata Nui , a great and powerful ruler at one time , helps win a monumental battle . The local population asks him to help fight the Skrall and Bone Hunters . There is bionicle action , great animation , and and excellent plot . For those familiar with bionicles , the characters transform well to film especially when it comes to their high range of motion . In one scene , Michael Dorn voices a character , and as in all animated films , reflects a Worf like pose . It would take a Trek minded viewer to see that one though.On the DVD , the bonus features include `` Bye Bye Babylon '' , `` Metus Revenge '' ending , a character gallery , and deleted scens . The embossed cover is pretty cool too.With every film these get better . We look forward to the rest.Tim Lasiuta
 My son thinks it 's better than the other Bionicle Movies and we have them all .
 Have both long-time fans of the Bionicle franchise as well as new fans in my household -LRB- 11 year old and 5 year old -RRB- and they both loved this movie . The production quality of the film was great , with the characters really coming to life , more so than in any of the previous films . The story line was exciting and easy to follow for the new fan , while delivering on established storyline for our long-time Bionicle devotee . All in all was even better than we expected and a film I am sure they will watch over and over .
 This one is a bit of an odd trade-off . The first three Bionicle movies won praise for their directing , writing , music and sound design , but garnered criticism for their graphics , voice talent , and action . This movie is like the opposite of those movies . The voice acting is great -LRB- with two exceptions -RRB- . All of the characters are voiced appropriately at the very least and artfully at the very most , except for Kiina , whose voice actress was unconvincing and sometimes annoying ; and Tuma , whose voice actor did a fine acting job , but sounded inappropriate for the character . All of the characters are represented in this movie with three exceptions , but I do n't mind that as the cast never felt cramped . The look of this film is beautiful . The artists who worked on this film show a religious dedication to toy accuracy , which can not be said for any of the other films . Even the pins that hold the sets together spin . The environments are lush , and only one shot in the whole movie really stands apart from the others as bad looking . And the fight choreography is not only lengthy , it 's exciting . Unfortunately , the camera work is not up to par with the fighting , content to sit still and watch the action happen rather than move with the characters in a meaningful way . The music in this film , while not terrible , could definitely have been better . And many of the sound effects are cheesy and instantly recognizable from a dozen other films , commercials , and computer games -LRB- the Wilhelm scream is in there , too -RRB- . The actual writing of the movie is fine , but the story comes across more as part of a TV show 's unfinished plot arc than a stand alone piece , and the ending of the movie confirms fears that the whole thing is a set-up for a sequel in what i suspect will be a trilogy . But , this movie 's good points far outweigh its bad ones , and I found it to be highly enjoyable as a long time fan of both Bionicle and Michael Dorn -LRB- who plays the leading role -RRB- . I recommend it .
 If you are a fan of Bionicle this is a great movie . In fact , I think if you are not a fan of Bionicle you will become one after watching this . The movie is fantastic - it looks great -LRB- incredible animation for a direct-to-video title ! -RRB- has a great cast , and is just a lot of fun . Sure , if you 're not too familiar with the world it may take a few minutes to understand what 's happening , but all in all , it 's a very satisfying film . If you have young boys in the household it 's perfect for them - although , I should add my little girl is walking around quoting it too - there 's a strong female character in the movie as well that she really responded to . A very high quality and thoughtful production - definitely recommend !
 I liked the 4th movie less than the first 3 . Because it has new characters , none of the old ones and new story . It is good and enjoyable to see , but right from the start I felt it would be different from it 's predecessors . The story is less dark and it is unfinished . There should be another part of the adventure , otherwise it is incomplete . But good so far .
 This is the fourth movie in the series.It continues the story of the Bionicle 's and my son loves it.No true Bionicle fan will be disappointed .
 The story begins where the original comics end
 I bought this movie for my Grand kids and they loved it ! They said that I would enjoy it during their next sleep over .
 I ordered the movie for my children and they think it is the best thing they own right now . I am very impressed with how quickly the company responded to my order and how quickly I received it . I did n't really expect it to be at my house in 3 days but it was . The only thing I did n't really like was that I was n't able to track the shipping .
 bionicle it rocks from toys to comics books and movies and i think this will bee the best movie ever
 My boys loved it and shipped promptly . My boys are nuts of Bionicle , they play with it all the time .
 I wanted to see all the bionicle movies again as they have good memories and good plot . i love the story and hope it gets finished .
 Purchased this movie for my grandson for Christmas !! He recently told me that he loves the movie . It arrived quickly and in condition promised !!
 My grandson and I watched it together . I thought it was well done for what it is ! It was entertaining and quite interesting .
 I have to admit that some of my seven year son 's shows are intolerable at best to watch . When we received this movie , I went into another room so I could listen and do other things . After a few minutes , I found myself on the couch alongside my son watching the movie . It has some very good moral moments and points considerably towards male integrity and honor . Admittedly , I am a fan of Michael Dorn who is the voice of Mata Nui , so I find his Warf character integrated in this character . We now own 3 Bionicle movies and I enjoy all of them , but this is my favorite .
 I have n't watched the movie myself so I wo n't try to rate it . However , my 7 year old son -LRB- who is already a Bionicle fan -RRB- loved it . Enough said I think .
 Bionicle , the Legend reborn is a creative story which promotes fighting for what 's right as a team . It teaches about the importance of friendship .
 This is one of many Bionicle movies . We 've got them all and watch them a lot . If you like Bionicle movies , you 'll like this .
 This is a cheesy Christmas movie and the acting is not fabulous . Patrick Muldoon looks like he 's been drinking a lot for a very long time in my opinion . The mom is a bit too cynical and if my kid ran off all the time like her 's does , we would have a serious discipline issue going on ! However , I have a large Christmas movie collection and I do DVR this on TV every year so I wanted to add it to my DVDs .
 This movie is fun for the whole family . The story was interesting and the cast did a very good job with their roles .
 She starts out the scrooge who is just after money . Then she sees the difference in her dad , and learns how kids see it .
 funny movie about a kid moving to a town where santa lives how crazy is that . it is funny and cute ... watch atleast once
 This has to be one of the better christmas movies . Very good story line , good acting , and like location of flim
 Good movie for the whole family to view.Shipped fast & in great condition.We were very pleased with the purchase & the value .
 I liked the movie . I thought it was cute . I appreciate decent movies that are clean , no sexual inuendo , no bad language , no violence , just decent people living decent lives . Sure beats most of the junk that spews out of Hollywood .
 Excellent movie , if you love the spirit of Christmas , you 'll like this one . Watched it a number of times this Christmas .
 Enjoyed this movie very much . Great family movie . Patrick Muldoon was also great in A Boyfriend for Christmas . He handled his part very well . Will watch his movies and enjoy them during the whole year .
 I saw this movie on tv 2x in the last 2 weeks and I 'm buying it now . It 's a good Christmas movie that brings about the true meaning of Christmas - family and truly caring and listening to one another . True the story line is about a too busy mom but the story unfolds and of course has a happy ending . Why not ? It 's Christmas Town .
 hi Iwould remomded this moviechirstimas town really good.Patrick Muldoon did really good job !!! cuite.Heather.maritn
 This is a good episode of the hawaii five o ' remake series . And in this one chin really takes center stage . He 's utilized more in this episode as a lead actor and that 's ok because it 's a good episode . The show is a hit show just like the original series was and you get lots of great hawaiin senery too . The only thing is that most episodes names are in hawaiin ! Not that it matters but it 's unusual for a show to do that . this one looks great in hd or standard because it was shot in hd , unlike older shows . There 's plenty of action in this show as you would hope for and the actors are all engaging to watch .
 I will watch anything that Summer Glau plays in , and as expected , she did a superb job . Sadly though , Summer only plays in one episode .
 This is our &#34; ca n't miss &#34; show every week . We 've been hooked since Season 1 and it 's only gotten better with time . The writing is fantastic and the show mixes action , drama , comedy ... and even a little romance now and then . I would recommend it to anyone .
 One of the few network TV shows I can stomach . The cast has great chemistry . The stories are generally interesting well thought out with surprising plot twists and ethical dilemmas for the characters . This program also delves into island cultural issues in a challenging manner.Lastly , the technical aspects of the shows production are superb . The crew makes excellent use of the islands settings and the visual effects and editing are world class . The car stunts and driving are particularly impressive.The only thing that regularly annoys me is the removal of manufacturer emblems from cars . I get that Chevy is a sponsor , but taking the badge off a BMW or the Pony from a Mustang grill is stupid and distracting .
 This played great on my computer . It is n't like watching it on my big screen , but when you miss a show or you are away you ca n't beat this . Price is not too bad either .
 Awesome show , picture quality very good . We love teh program and love watching the program on our kindle . thank you .
 I love this show . Watch it every Monday night . I would recemmend this show to fans of 24 and other action shows .
 Great Show , Great Cast . Great writing . The panaramic views of Hawaii in HD is exciting to say the least . Thumbs up
 Great show . . full of action !! A variety of characters keeps the show interesting ! It also has just the right touch of humor .
 this was very well done and kept me on the edge of my seat the entire show . I highly recommend it .
 I like the action , the conversation with Steve and Danny , the beautiful location . I like the way Steve breaks the rules .
 I am enjoying this series and i never thought i would . my sis loved the old series with the pompador hair and suits . . and insisted i would like this because its more casual ... she was right . Its fun . . there all beautiful and talented ... there is humor . . and the goood guys always win even if it takes a couple episodes . Its not heavy ... and it takes me all over Hawaii . . sis and I hope it gets to continue for awhile . . aloha
 The first three episodes of Hawaii Five-0 season three have been good and getting better as the season progresses . It seems to be going back to why season one was so successful -- stories about Steve , Danny , Chin Ho and Kono . And from next week 's preview , this appears to continue .
 LOVE THIS SHOW !!!! Hope Hawaii 50 continues for a long time . The cast is great !! Alex is fabu as Steve .
 and i missed an episode so i was glad to find it on amazon so i could watch which episode i had missed . i love this series .
 I am truly enjoying the new version of Hawaii Five-O . I love it when I was a kid . Thank you for the clear streaming .
 This show has become one of my true all-time favorites . I watched the original version of the show back in the day , and while I enjoyed it - I truly think this revisiting of it takes it to an all-new -LRB- and in some ways higher -RRB- level.I do hope this show stays with us for quite a long while : -RRB-
 This season has kept me on my seat 's edge ! It 's definitely the best one to date , in my opinion . The streaming quality from Amazon Instant Video is great .
 This is a great show and I would say everyone should watch it and enjoy . It has action and fun . I think it is great .
 We very rarely watch anything live . We set the DVR to record and watch at a time convenient to us and fast forward through the commercials . This episode aired on a Sunday evening and a damn football game ran long so the episode did not start on time . The last 15 minutes were not recorded . I am not a fan of football , baseball , basketball ... you get the idea , not into ball games . So I was cursing the Falcons and my wife said , &#34; Ca n't you find it on line of something . &#34; Bingo , went to Amazon and was able to watch the part I missed . Thank you Amazon !
 I enjoy all the characters on the show , I like the camaraderie . It 's always action packed with a little personal life included.It 's always fun to look at Alex O'loughlin .
 I hope this show will last a long time , like , let 's say about 10 years will suffice . Good action , good plots and great actors .
 The drama was great , we chose this episode as we had seen a part of it but was cut off due to the inaguration . The download was easy and quick with no glitches .
 I like the remake of the show . The dvd 's all played with no problem . I also own the first two seasons .
 Only purchased 1 of the seasons shows . Sure like the new Hawaii Five-0 , Watched the old series growing up . No to many remakes out there that are worth watching .
 I chose this first of all because I love anything H5O does . Its funny , drama , action , friendship , and mostly family . Not only would you want that in your everyday life , but also in your work life . The pairing of these four were genius . Peter Lenkov is a genius .
 SO happy Hawaii Five-O came back period . all the seasons have been great ... very few predictability with the series which is good . Many episodes just keep my glued .
 Really awesome storylines , Christine Lahti is a cool addition to the already wonderful cast . Some great guest star appearances this season !
 Love this show ! It 's suspenseful but funny at the same time . The team as a whole is great , but the moments between Steve and Danny are what make it hilarious
 All of the episodes have been action packed and I like that we are digging into each characters past to learn a little more about how they tick . In addition , I love the addition of Katherine !! She has so much more spunk and is far more believeable than Laurie ever was !!!
 What 's not to like ? Great action/special effects . Wonderful scenery . Sure , it 's not as well written as the original , but that 's mostly true of network TV these days .
 This seems like a disconnect to me ... how does a viewer 's interest in a TV show he already watchestranslate to &#34; reviewing a purchase &#34; and &#34; rating a product &#34; on amazon ?? I was pleased to have the opportunity to see the last 22 minutes of this episode online , when my TV DVRmalfunctioned , but not too pleased to have to pay for it -LRB- having watched various other TV show episodes , over the past several years , for free -RRB- ...
 For those viewers who appreciate a well-written , well-cast , well-acted , well-directed , etc. series , Hawaii Five-O is the show to watch . There 's action , character development , mystery , comedy , and the best stunts ever in this wonderful series - and let 's not forget that it 's filmed in the paradise of Hawaii .
 I liked this show . Why it only got 4 stars is I do n't like Catherine part . Loved the beginning it was sad and beautiful . Love Chin Ho showing how much he cared for his wife . And that he has to go on no matter what .
 I liked this episode but it made me sick to realize that Wo Fat escaped . I mean , Doris and Wo Fat had each other dead to rights . SPOILER ALERT ! Why did n't Wo Fat fire ? And why did Doris McGarrett shoot three rounds into the floor ? I do n't think this was a cliffhanger at all . And I agree with the previous reviewer - Steve and Wo Far better not be brothers . That would really kill my interest in this series.I liked how Chin called Adam to save Kono - I 'm just sorry Chin did n't get there in time to save his wife . Writers of this series - wake up . Surely you know where this storyline is going . Figure it out beforehand .
 It 's funny . Usually the 3rd season of a series is the messed up one . Not in this case . The thing that makes this series for me is the bonding between the four main characters . Catherine is fine -LRB- let 's face it , the actress who plays Steve 's love-interest in this season is much better than the one who played the blonde what 's - her-name in season 2 . Sorry , I know that 's harsh , but it is the truth . -RRB- But , I agree with a lot of others , there 's no chemistry really between Catherine and Steve . It 's like she 's put in there to pursue , yet again , another love interest for him . My question ? Why ? He 's not the type of guy to settle down , so the prospect of marriage is moot . Keep it simple , Writers . Catherine is a great character if used at a distance like she was used in first season . Her smarts and training are powerful , but we do n't need ` Wonder Woman ' . Use her sparingly and she 'll be fine . The original 4 characters -LRB- along with Max , I mean , yeah , the guy actually adds to the dynamic of the series here , due to his being so unique in his mind-set and how he operates -RRB- are the ones we need to really focus on ... although , there 's been a huge effort to do just that season . Steve and Danno are really getting into the Bromance side of the equation which really makes this show for me . I 've been searching for something like this ever since Starsky and Hutch went off the air in 1979 . I love Bromance and I 'll search for it anywhere I can hopefully find it . Their arguments are funny , their bonding is touching and I adored the episode where we learned how Danny named Grace , when he told Steve of his partner Grace and his story of how he lost her ... telling Steve as he faces down a movement-sensitive bomb . Steve staying there for him , talking to him , getting his mind off of moving , it was a great Bromance episode and the first one I bought on Amazon . The hug at the end was incredibly FELT by this viewer . And ... it 's great to see that homophobia has n't hit this series . It 's true , some series refuse to let the main male actors hug for fear that the fans will take the connection too far . Well , we do anyway , so keeping them from hugging when it 's necessary is not going to change that . Sorry , but that 's the way it is . The hug there was absolutely necessary and if it had n't happened , I would have thrown up my hands and walked away . There 's a time and place for everything . I love Chin and I love Kono and their incredible family relationship as well . Seeing how Kono is dealing with her love interest actually adds to the story-lines , so Adam is necessary here . I love it that Danny and Chin are showing their bromance , as well . All of them work well well together and it 's incredible . Adding too many ingredients -LRB- dig it
 great remake of the original episode . the same or similar location shots were fantastic ! i think Jack Lord is smiling on this one .
 Very watchable . Most story lines are interesting and hold your attention . Likeable characters . Not as good as original . It holds its own
 Great stories , great characters in a setting that ca n't be beat . The twists and turns are entertaining and interest holding as well .
 I love the gang on Five-O . Greatest show on TV next to NICS . If you ca n't watch it , then record it .
 I hope they keep it on and do n't cancel it like the other sows i have enjoyed . Makes me want to go to Hawaii .
 I love everything about this show . It has action , beautiful scenery , beautiful people and great plots . What more could anyone ask for ? Oh , did I forget to mention great actors ... the best . Ca n't go wrong to be tuned in at 9pm to CBS on Monday nights .
 Love the characters and , of course , the main star is Oahu itself in all its glory . Heaven on earth from the Mountains to the Sea !!!!!!!!!
 This has become my favorite series on TV . Love the acting and musical scoring ! I am old enough to remember the original series ; this is much more fast paced !
 One of my fav shows Decent story lines , beautiful scenery -LRB- put to good use too -RRB- and the relationships between the characters is one of my fav parts . Love the relationship between Kono and Chin . And honestly Kono is my favorite female characters right now . It 's nice when there is a strong kick ass female lead .
 I missed this episode and was glad I could find in the Amazon Website.I probably will look up more episodes in the near future . With all the NFL football playoffs coming up , I will probably use more.Thank you .
 The story was implausible , the acting is not great , the prison escape was way over the top , and the questions left unanswered set up the arc for this season I guess . The car chases were endless . The shoot out in the street would probably never happen in real life.I loved every minute of it.I thought how all the story lines came together was pretty clever . This show is an old fashioned , shoot em up cops and robbers show with a Hawaiian backdrop and major hot actors . I thought the way they ended with Chin was touching and sad.I 'm not the kind of viewer who looks for realism in a TV show . It does n't even have to make sense if I like the characters and I enjoy the episode . I do n't care how far-fetched and overly dramatic they want to make it . It 's escapism and Hawaii 5-0 delivers . I love the relationship the characters have with each other . I love the fact that they are all dating but not dating each other . The dating part is realistic . The characters are all extremely good looking successful people who would not have a hard time finding a date in real life . In a lot of these crime dramas the characters have no relationships outside of the team . That is not real .
 Great Acting -- LOVE that they use ` local ' Hawaiian talk , and customs-like that they try to keep it Hawaiian and not just a mainland - hawaii type show-Bes show on TV hands Down-no need say more !!!
 So , season 3 . Well first off , after the end of season 2 it makes sense the team is traumatized . They are snappish and stressed and ... sensitive . The whole team needs some rebuilding and rebonding . Bringing in mom/Shelburne was maybe too much . I 'd hoped to see the back of Wo Fat , but I guess I 'm not that lucky . The rescue was way over the top.I was relieved when Mom was put on the plane heading out and away , because ... wow she was hard to like . Cath and Steve seem to be leading up to some kind of romance , but no chemistry there . Brother/sister vibe all the way.Episode 3 , a Danny and Steve centric episode , buddies episode , my favorite kind . The carguments are always fabulous . But Danny was pretty tightly wound on the boat . No better word for it , he 's bitchy in ep 3 . It was nice to see a return to competent SEAL Steve.There have been some nice moments within the team in these first three episodes , and that is where I hope this season will go . Not dilute the team dynamic which along with the beautiful scenery , is the strength of the show . Good writing , good cases , stick with the team , that is all I 'm asking . There does not need to be a forced romance.Kamekona and Max are great , Max is actually better this season . Weston left last year . Yay ! Gabby faded away . Yay ! I was sad to see Malia go , she and Chin had a great dynamic . Adam and Kono also feel like a good match , I 'd like to see more of them . But Cath feels forced as a regular and as Steve 's girlfriend.Not excited yet by this season yet . There have been a few promising moments . Got my fingers crossed.Adding on to my earlier review . Apparently I ca n't review episode by episode ... So , in regard to Mohai the Halloween episode , I finally saw the brilliance of Danny & Steve ; return . The two work together to solve a dreadful murder , bloody and gross . The back and forth is all there with none of the meanness that I saw earlier in the season . I 'd say the season is improving . Great creepy villains . The closing scene worth a laugh . I upped my rating to 4 stars .
 ... but on occasion the credibility of some plot twists stretches the imagination . Still , ca n't beat the banter between McGarrett and Dano . And the supporting cast is great .
 I love Hawaii Five-O so much , when I realized the super bowl cut off the last 20 minutes of this episode , I spent 45 minutes looking for a free copy ... with no luck , I decided to try the amazon episode and it took 30 seconds to load and begin watching ... all I can say is if I ever need to get an episode that I missed ... I 'll be going straight to amazon for it ... totally worth the $ 1.99 to see my favorite shows ending !!!
 I think that there is a better dynamic in this show , between characters and actors and the story line and the characters , than there is in a lot of other crime fighting units on television
 I love this show . It shows so much of the Hawaiian culture and the beautiful island . I can not wait for many seasons to come !!! I love Scott Caan , Alex O'Loughlin , Grace Park , and Daniel Dae Kim , What a great cast and stories ...
 We watch our Amazon Instant videos on our TiVo HD 's . It 's so simple to select an episode to purchase , enter security code pin and wait for the download . Love the HD quality and convienence .
 The interaction between Hawaii Five-0 's regulars is what makes this show . Hawaii , of course , adds a great deal to the show with its exotic back drop .
 I love this show and I ca n't wait till the next episodes . I hope the show continues for a while .
 I love all of the actors . Brilliant . Particularly love the interactions with &#34; Steve &#34; and &#34; Dano &#34; . Serious police business but they 're such fun together.Highly recommend to others .
 Although I loved the first Hawaii Five-0 with Jack Lord , I love this series as much and maybe better as the acting is much better with good humor to go along with the drama .
 Love this show ! Full of comedy , crime , beautiful scenery , great acting and all around fun ! The cast is fun to watch as they interact with each other .
 Hey , it 's HAWAII FIVE-0 what 's not to like !! Undeniably RecommendedThey work -LRB- as actors -RRB- very well together - everything is so smooth
 love this show . all the actors are well played , and the story lines are interesting . will continue to watch as long as it is running .
 Released theatrically in 1954 , `` The Far Horizons '' is an entertaining film about the Lewis and Clark expedition at the turn of the ninteenth century , a pivotal event in the history of the United States . I suspect that historians will roll their eyes at the `` Hollywood '' version of this famously long , arduous but important expedition that ultimately ensured that America would reach from `` sea to sea '' . Personally I have no problem with actual events being `` enhanced '' for the entertainment , as well as the enlightenment , of an audience.President Thomas Jefferson -LRB- avuncular Herbert Heyes -RRB- has just completed the massive Louisiana Purchase deal with Napoleon , greatly expanding the territory of the United States . However , this vast area now needs to be explored and mapped . The President decides that his loyal secretary , Meriwether Lewis -LRB- steadfast Fred MacMurray -RRB- , is the man for the job , along with a soldier experienced in fighting Indians , William Clark -LRB- a driven , intense Charlton Heston -RRB- . The Lewis/Clark partnership gets off to a rocky start since both men are in love with the same woman , Washington socialite , Julia Hancock -LRB- long-suffering Barbara Hale -- Della Street on TV 's `` Perry Mason '' -RRB- . Fortunately , these necessary but rather dull opening scenes soon give way to the expedition itself , at which point the film remains consistently engrossing . Of course , this new territory is by no means uninhabited -- many Native American tribes have long established themselves , and regard the coming of the `` white man '' with great suspicion , even outright hostility.Clark , a veteran of various `` Indian wars '' , has little patience or sympathy for these people . It is Lewis who must use all of his diplomatic skills to gain their trust , sometimes successfully , sometimes not . They meet the Shoshone maid , Sacajawea -LRB- lovely Donna Reed -RRB- , a prisoner/slave of an enemy tribe . After a few `` hurdles '' are overcome , she agrees to serve as their guide -- as it turns out , the trip would not have been successful , and they would not have survived without her . Her intelligence and beauty soon melt Clark 's hard heart , and Lewis finds that he has the distraction of a romance on his hands , as well as more hostile tribes and natural disasters to contend with.There are many scenes in this film which are gorgeous -- the natural beauty of America 's plains , rushing rivers , lush forests and snow-capped mountains more than compensate for the hardships that our intrepid explorers must endure.The DVD is presented in widescreen format with outstanding colour -- the sound is mono -- do n't look for extras . `` The Far Horizons '' is a rousing adventure that the whole family can enjoy . Mr. MacMurray , Mr. Heston and Ms. Reed are all highly watchable stars , and kudos to Paramount for releasing this lovely disc .
 Enjoyed seeing the movie `` Far Horizons '' again . Watched part of it filming in Jackson Hole country back in 1954 . Nice to have it on DVD .
 I realize that this movie is not completely accurate and that a Native American did not play the part of Sacajawea , but I thought it played out well because it gave us a clear idea of some of the circumstances that led up to and possibly happened during this arduous journey west . The scenery was beautiful . My daughter is reading a book about Sacajawea and it opened her eyes to many interesting events in history . One of them being how the Indians lived and their devotion to the land was very apparent . I am very happy to have purchased this movie and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to understand this part of history better . You may want to read about this part of history first , like we did , so that you can separate fact from fiction .
 Both my husband I have watched this DVD video and enjoyed it very much . It is much like the Lewis & Clark Expedition . I recommend it to anyone who likes westerns . We like to watch this type of movie over and over again .
 We purchased this movie because it was based on the book `` Sacajawea of the Shoshones '' written by my grandmother Della Gould Emmons.The company did a good job digitizing the original Movie and it is wonderful to have a copy on DVD for our children and grandchildren.Thanks so much for offering this movie again .
 What a HOOT ! For out and out Hollywood History at its best this is the film for you . Absolutely laughable from start to finish . We get blue eyed Donna Reed as Sacajawea gazing like a cow at at Charlton Heston as William Clark . `` Oh Bill ! '' , `` Oh Janey ! '' they croon . -LRB- Nevermind that Sacajawea actually made the trip with her baby and husband . -RRB- The insanely ridiculous climax of this affair takes the form of an awkward love triangle ... in the White House no less ! Yes , Sacajawea , wearing a stunning powder blue leather outfit to offset her eyes , does a non-existant turn in Washington D.C. vying for the hand of `` Bill '' . Throw in non-existent conflicts with Indians , a non-existent near-courtmarshall of William Clark and , I 'm not making this up , a giant rope net slung across the Columbia River by `` savages '' in an effort to slow our intrepid heroes and you 've got a whale of a tale . When I was n't holding my sides in laughter I simply stared at this puppy in slack jawed wonder . A must see .
 I ordered this DVD for my father who is 83 , he said , it was great and enjoyed watching it . When you get what you order at a good price the experience is great !
 `` Building Alaska '' -LRB- 87 min. , widescreen , closed captioned -RRB- is an extraordinary DVD documentary about the grand engineering projects that shaped the state of Alaska . From the great railroads and highways constructed in the late 19th and early 20th centuries , to the invasion of Alaska by the Japanese during World War II , to the repercussions of the biggest earthquake ever to hit North America , `` Building Alaska '' reveals how monumental events of history transformed the state forever . Educational as well as entertaining , Building Alaska is a worthy addition to public and school library DVD shelves .
 I feel that it is definately a Fatal Attraction/Play Misty For Me type movie . It is very suspensful with a tad of humor . I think it is a very good film . It may be a low budget film , but it is a lot better that some high budget films that I have seen with a similar senario.I saw the film for the first time on Showtime in 2002 ; and , I was very impressed.Chad McQueen and the other actors in the film did an excellent job . Further , I hope to see Chad McQueen in more films . I think he is a great talent -LRB- like his Father Steve McQueen -RRB- and I hope to see him in more/future films.I thought that it was a great , exciting and suspensful film from start to finish.I not only highly recommend this film to anyone , but I have encouraged my friends to see it as well .
 The movie was fine the only problem was that the VHS version that I bought was not for renting nor sale . I remember seeing this movie on showtine in 2000 , and I quickly noticed that the film had been edited in several parts -LRB- espcially the love scenes -RRB- . I was very disappointed . In short the movie was great for a low budget movie , I just hope that it comes out on DVD uncut , and unedited in the future so I can get the real thing .
 Before you rent or buy this movie , I am going to let you in on the facts . It has both its pros and cons . I can already assure you that this a spin off of Fatal Attraction . The plot and the characters are mostly the same.The story revolves around Chad McQueen , who plays a hot shot actor known by everybody . One day , he has a one night stand with a beautiful , sweet yet disturbed young woman that when angry , have homicidal impulses . These impulses become evident to the actor when his closest friends turn up murdered . That 's when he realizes that she wants to be more than just a one nighter.This movie may seem as if you have seen it before , but it turns out to be entertaining and suspenseful . The stalkings of the victims are riveting and you ca n't help but keep your eyes glued to the television screen . The performances are fairly superior for a low budget flick.However , this movie is not perfect ... . The film 's pace is also very slow . The killings and suspense come later in the second half of the film . By the time you get to this , you will probably already be bored and about to doze off . Last , the stalker formula very familiar and it will disappoint viewers.In conclusion , I definitely recomend this to anyone who either needs to kill time or likes fatal attraction thrillers . This is not recommended for people who are looking for an taut , original thriller , because you will be disappointed at how predictable it is . If you are not recommended for this , then I suggest you just go out and rent Fatal Attraction again .
 Blind Fate -LRB- Slepy Traf -RRB- is an action movie about mobsters that is probably different than any other movie about the mafia you have ever watched . The two goons in this movie have disabilities . The guy nicknamed Blind has periods in which he looses his sight , perhaps due to stress . His partner is called Pressure and does n't speak ; Pressure hands out cards that say everything he needs to communicate typed out on them . I was expecting a third guy that is deaf to complement them , but there was n't one.Blind is tired of the business and wants to get out , but he knows that it is n't going to be easy leaving his boss . Blind is a big Chuck Norris fan and has a special relationship with him -- Chuck actually appears to him giving his spiritual guidance . Although Chuck Norris -LRB- or actually his Polish look-alike Jacek Pieniazek -RRB- is in this movie , he is more of a guardian angel or advisor and not the main attraction in this action film . Blind wears a big cross and likes to quote a part of the Bible , so if a religious gangster is going to have a spiritual mentor , it might as well be Chuck Norris.Blind Fate is an unusual action movie that is much harder to predict where the story is going than many other films so it is that much more suspenseful . Although most of the movie appears serious in tone at first , with the exception of a few parts that are clearly funny , it is n't as solemn if we look again . After all , just about everything I wrote so far does n't sound usual or normal so the big picture is more entertaining than chilling .
 This is a very compelling and well acted drama , and very well worth watching . But , it should be known that great liberties have been taken when it comes to historical accuracy . Time lines are inaccurate in some cases , totally ignored in others . Several characters deaths are totally wrong , both in how they died but also when . Cardinal Wolsey 's death is a perfect example . If you know nothing about English history this is a very easy program to watch and get hooked on . As for me , it takes a bit of effort to watch . I do n't really understand why the writers took such liberties on the accuracy , the life of Henry VIII is very compelling as it was , no need to `` guild the lily '' so to speak . I can hardly wait for season two .
 Love him or hate him , Sam Kinison was a comic genius , and was extremley talented at what he did . Sure , he might 've offended many and raised some eyebrows , but that 's what he wanted to accomplish . Sam was one of a kind all right , and this DVD does him justice.I have the tape , but I was glad that it came out on DVD . First off , the picture looks really good . It was a pretty old performance , too . And there 's some cool extras . Like never before seen material , which is really hillarious . This is a must-have if you love Kinison.This is a great performance . Through yelling and engergetic story-telling he talks about marriage , drugs , being arrested -LRB- thanks to his ex-wife -RRB- , pleasing women -LRB- in a way I can not describe on this site , -RRB- and much , much more . He 's always able to make me laugh , even if I feel guity afterwards.Sam was a true genius . It 's too bad he 's not around . So many talented people have died to quick and left us all too soon . Kinison was a one-of-a-kind , and no one will ever be able to duplicate him . That IS a fact.We miss you , Sam ! R.I.P.
 Kinison in top form . DVD looks great with some bonus footage of a later show when he was obviously strung out on drugs big time . Sad to see him like that . The only thing that disappointed me was the fact this is written up on the back of the DVD as a ` Never before released concert ' but is actually the same exact show as the HBO tape in the yellow cover that was released in the 80 's . A must have in the collection to show your friends who have never heard of Kinison . R.I.P. Sammy !!
 No comedian ever made me laugh as much as Sam Kinison did the first time I saw him perform on a Rodney Dangerfield special . The infamous Ethiopian UHaul rant is probably the funniest bit I have ever seen . His appearances on Rodney 's other shows were generally pretty terrific as well as well as his turn in `` Back to School '' . He was so successful with Rodney 's shows that that HBO gave him his own night , which is the main feature of this DVD . It 's classic Kinison and no topic is taboo . It 's pretty crass and if you are easily offended , it 's not for you . His highlights include a very funny rant about being dead -LRB- and I 'll go no farther , but trust me , it 's a blast -RRB- . The main program , which was filmed in 1987 , runs about 50 minutes is fun . However , also included are bonus clips of Sam doing standup what appears to be several years later -LRB- I could n't find anything that stated the year it was done -RRB- . Here you can see what the life of excess drugs and booze had done to Sam . He looks worn out , strung out and burned out . He 's not funny . In fact , his rants are more filled with hate than humor , in particular one related to Jerry Lewis and his `` Kids '' with muscular dystrophy . And there are n't a whole lot of laughs from the crowd . It 's a sad commentary on the man 's life that I question why it was put on the disc.But , if you liked Sam , you 'll enjoy reliving a few minutes of the glory days of his humor .
 This is a MUST buy for all Sam Kinison fans . We miss you Sam , but thankfully your spirit will live on in the dvds provided for our entertainment . Every time I listen to Sam Kinison I can gurantee you I will be having respitory problems after the show is over , due to all the laughing you get out of this guy ! This particular dvd is one of my favorites . So if you 're a newbie to Sam 's work or a fellow fan and you do n't have this , BUY IT ! IT 'S 110 % WORTH IT!GOD BLESS YOU SAM , WE WILL NEVER FORGET YOU !
 I remember the first time I saw Sam , it was during his HBO special the same special that this DVD is taken from . I was at first shocked because of his straight ahead in your face relentless rambling . But I never stopped laughing , I was rolling on the floor during the enitre show . This is the first time I have seen that HBO show since it first aired back in the early 80 's . It is just as funny today as it was then . The DVD has extra footage of a Las Vegas show Sam did several years later . The later show was not as crisp as his HBO apperance , but classic Sam non the less . He never really cared what other people or the establishment thought of him , he joked about everything nothing was off limits . For this I commend him , he had a gift and he used it . I was said when I heard of his death . There has not been another Sam and there never will be . RIP Sam ... If you are a Sam Kinnison fan you need to get this DVD . If you like in your face unbridled humor you have to get this DVD .
 This was my first ever video experience of Sam Kinison way back in 1987 . Four friends and I were marking off the days looking forward to it 's original airing on HBO.We were not disappointed , nor was I disappointed upon just receiving a copy of the video today.This was early in his popularity , just after `` Back To School '' and he is particularly raucous and loud in this video . He was still at his peak as a `` Wild Man '' , still doing drugs -LRB- oh ... THEY SEE THROUGH ME ! OH ! OH ! OH ! -RRB- and obviously pretty fresh from his breakup -LRB- I WAS MARRIED FOR 2 YEARS ! HELL WOULD BE LIKE CLUB MED ! OH ! OH ! -RRB- But there is utter brilliance behind the screaming . His treatment of religion is one -LRB- `` Think Jesus is coming back ? '' Jesus - `` Yeah I 'm coming back . As soon as I CAN PLAY THE PIANO AGAIN I 'LL BE RIGHT BACK ! '' -RRB- . Another is his skit about sending food to the homeless in the African Sahara -LRB- `` Stop sending these people food . Send them U-Hauls ! Nah ! Send me . Everybody on board ! We 'll make one trip . See this stuff ! -LRB- he is scooping up imaginary SAND -RRB- `` Nothing grows in this S -- ! Nothing 's gon na grow in this S -- ! Get your kids , get everyone aboard ! I 'll take you where the FOOD IS !!!! You live in a F ------ Desert ! '' -RRB- This video could not possibly disappoint a Sam fan .
 The world was robbed of comedic genius when Sam Kinison was killed . Thank God for these current DVD releases that will preserve his memory and comedy forever . Sam may not have released many concerts or albums in his time , but the ones that are out there are unforgettable . Some of the subjects discussed in this show include -LRB- ... -RRB- of the dead , Hell as Club Med , the real reason Jesus wo n't come back , and licking the alphabet on a woman . And that 's the tame stuff . This is Sam at his prime , before he became the gigantic coke-fiend he was later known for -LRB- not that he was n't funny THEN , too -RRB- . Buy this DVD and learn why , even after he 's been dead and rotting for years , people just ca n't shut up about him .
 I remember the first time I saw this HBO special back in 1987 . I taped it then . My brother who 's wife just left him put it on and watched it over and over for three days straight . The tape got watched so much it became a hazard for any VCR . I was so happy to find nearly 20 years later my favorite site Amazon had the CD to buy . Watching it again after all these years just brought my spirits up and made me miss some good times , especially the ones when Sam was around doing specials here and there .
 Sam , you were the man . Breaking the Rules was recorded back in 1987 -LRB- during the height of his career -RRB- , Sam of course talked about Jesus -LRB- Jesus never had a wife , no wife let 's you take off for three days , and you come back and say ' I was dead . ' -RRB- , being arrested -LRB- thanks to his ex-wife who put a loaded .38 in his luggage while he was stoned on his way to California -RRB- , drugs -LRB- OH THEY SEE THROUGH ME , THEY SEE THROUGH ME -RRB- , pleasing women -LRB- which I can not describe on this site -RRB- , and all that.So if you are looking for a blast from the past , this is the DVD for you . Also there are some bonus material on this disc which shows Sam strung out and it not all that funny , it is fill more of hate than funny and there are very few laughs , but either than that , this is the disc for you .
 This is without question the best comedy video I have ever seen . Sam is nuts , way over the top and no matter how many times I have watched it , it is funny every time . In fact , it is funnier each time you see it because you anticipate the punch line and still can not believe it . Enjoy .
 The shipment of the product was amaziningly quick.For those of you that remember VHS just is n't the same quality as DVD.But I 'm happy with my purchase and very happy with the speed in which it arrived.I was happy to see I could obtain a copy thru Amazon and recomend viewing this performance to everyone .
 Sam Kinison was a comedic powerhouse . This HBO special shows him in top form . Sam was unique and ca n't be compared to any other comedian . I do agree with some of the other reviews - the extras on this DVD show him on the downward slide - a real shame . I have watched this DVD over and over again - the material is still sharp - cutting edge and honest . If foul language bothers you - do n't watch this DVD . The language is an integral part of the show and just adds more color and texture to his performance . His biblical humor is second to none . His relationship humor is from his own personal experiences and is undeniably right on . This is a must have DVD . Enjoy !
 This is a must have if you remotely like Kinison . Had to pick myself up off the ground on numerous occasions . VERY FUNNY
 IF you are a Sam Kinison fan , and you are sick and tired of political correctness , you will love him in this disc . He rants and raves about everything including God , marriage , relationships , homosexuality , you name it ! His style was over-the-top , in-your-face , and most of all , totally uncensored ! IF you are a Sam Kinison fan you will definitely enjoy this stand-up routine . If you are offended by things like profanity and insults and talk of sex and sexuality , you will NOT like this . Sam did NOT care if he offended anyone and was not worried about how he worded things , which is what I enjoy the most about his act . People who care what someone ELSE thinks of his act will definitely not enjoy this . You have to be into raunchy comedy to fully appreciate this , and those of us who are familiar with Sam 's style will be pleased with this recording . -LRB- I know I was ! I could n't stop laughing ! -RRB-
 This is a great video about one of the greatest comedy starts . Kinison life is shown based on previous performances and interviews with people who were around him . To make it even most interesting and funny , we are delighted with higlights of some of his live shows . This DVD is a vital part of any comedy collection .
 listen to one of the greatest comics ever . Too bad he died so young .
 This is a great DVD - I laugh everytime I watch it . It does n't have the bit with the Ethiopians or the uhaul so I do n't know what the other reviewers are talking about . This is one of his best performances and I highly recommend it - ruggedthug.com
 A furious presence onstage , Sam Kinison screams , cusses viciously , and makes plenty of gestures involving the use of his microphone and groin . The title of this former minister 's performance , `` Breaking the Rules '' , is quite appropriate . Many will laugh hysterically at this show , most will find it entertaining , and -LRB- big surprise -RRB- some will find it distasteful . Kinison is full of passion and energy , but his delivery needs refinement . The jokes are funny , but the pace of the show is too slow . Kinison wastes too many words , delays the punchlines for too long , and chuckles too often at his own material . The show never stalls to the point of becoming uninteresting , but a faster tempo would have made for a much better show . I assert this fully aware of the fact that Kinison 's claim to fame was his ability to lull the audience a bit and catch them off guard with his famous screams . Usually four letter words , always perfectly timed , Kinison could holler up a storm to keep things shocking and hilarious . It is very unfortunate that his life was cut short . Breaking the Rules showcases a diamond in the rough that could have really shined one day . Any fan of standup comedy that has never seen Sam Kinison should check this out.It must be noted that this was filmed in 1987 . It sounds incredibly ignorant to consider AIDS a gay disease today . But many of us were that ignorant in the 80s . Still , he makes stronger statements concerning `` alternative lifestyles '' in the bonus material , which is sure to offend many people . Perhaps all people , as the bonus clips are simply not funny to state it kindly . Also , the DVD includes a commentary track narrated by Sam 's brother and sister-in-law . They offer insights which may be of interest to hard-core Kinison fans that are n't put to sleep by their boring dialogue .
 How i miss sam kinison ! what a great , great comedian . i am in the process of ordering this dvd . until then , i wo n't say much until i actually watch it . really , i just wanted to get at least sam kinisons picture onto my site , here . this guy got me laughing so many times , in the eighties . his take on things ; his persona ; his enthusiastic comedy - just fantastic . also , his candid views on things are as relevant today as they were then . how i wish that this genius was still with us !
 only Sam Kinison could imagine so much to rant about when it comes to everyday life ... but in reality ... he loved life!May God Bless his soul !!!
 Despite global hand-wringing , accords , agreements , and peace-keeping forces , the Darfur genocide that began in July 2003 continues . Directors Aisha Bain and Jen Marlowe take the viewer on-site to Darfur , and through on-camera interviews with dozens of locals they let the people describe the tragedy in their own words . Their personal anecdotes are heart-breaking and appalling . The desert landscape , wind-swept and littered with bomb fragments , is stark . Despite its denials , the Sudanese government under president Omar al-Bashir has backed the Janjaweed militias to plunder , pillage , rape women of every age , and liquidate entire villages . According to the United Nations , 400,000 people have died , and over 2 million have been displaced -LRB- many refugees pouring into Chad -RRB- . This documentary is only 55 minutes long , but it 's a graphic , powerful and informative reminder of how much of the world can ignore the most unimaginable horrors when countries have no self-interest at stake .
 Imagine that , Darfurians get to speak for themselves and turns out the conflict 's about way more than the media voices make it out to be . And this documentary , it 's not what one might expect either . Jennifer Lopez look-alike Aisha Bain was working for The Center for Prevention of Genocide in 2003 when asked to look into NGO reports coming out of Darfur . Dismayed at mainstream media 's lack of interest in the story , she shares her information with pal Adam Shapiro who up and decides to go and check out Darfur for himself , with Bain and a third independent filmaker , Jen Marlowe , joining him . Shortly before their departure the Darfur story breaks into the news , but in an oversimplified form focusing on the black versus Arab characterization of the conflict , something this movie clarifies . The three producers remain offscreen during the feature film , but add their well-expressed observations and making-of-Darfur-Diaries insights appearing in the special features ' `` Context , '' `` Director 's Note , '' and `` Slide Show . '' They avoid the political debates over what to call the Darfur crisis and whether the matter should be dealt with in the Interational Criminal Court -LRB- ICC -RRB- or an ad hoc tribunal , and cast the light on the central concern of protecting the people from violence.The historical overview of the conflict is most clearly laid out in the `` Context '' feature of the DVD , which if watched first helps provide a better framework for understanding the 55-minute feature film , which is more relational , filled with magnetic smiles , childplay , a wedding , singing -LRB- even Bob Marley -RRB- , sacrificial service , and optimistic aspirations of resilient people who do n't define themselves as mere victims , and who are given voice and humanized by this film . The burned out depopulated villages , aerial bombings , and refugee camps are shown , but with a hopeful slant full of personality and people we can connect with.Contrary to typical media impressions , the conflict did n't really start in 2003 , but earlier with the marginalization efforts of the governmental elites led by the unpopular Omar Bashir who took power in a 1989 coup and by his support of Arab tribes sought to drive a wedge between Arabs and the black tribes , though actually there is much fluidity between them due to intermarriage , common arabic language and more , and the Arab Janjaweed proxy militia are just being used as a tool of the government to further their aims while shielding the government from the international community . While the government denies direct involvement , the story coming from the refugees of various villages is the same
 Dafur Diaries is indeed a Message From Home . This well crafted film tells the stories of the people caught up in the ongoing atrocities that define this poorly understood conflict.The film makers do not preach at the audience . Instead they exercise a degree of cinematic restraint by allowing the films subjects to tell their own stories . In doing so the Darfurians inform and educate.Because the film is so well crafted it is never boring . In fact it leaves you with a desire to know more about the people , the confict and the region . In the long run that is what the authors meant to accomplish and I believe that is the true measure of the success of this documentary .
 Unlike much of the coverage of the Darfur crisis , where we see Darfurians primarily as victims to be pitied , and usually through the filter of Western journalists covering the crisis , Darfur Diaries -LRB- book and DVD -RRB- let you meet the people , hear their personal stories , and listen to what THEY want to say to the world . The filmmakers do a remarkable job of staying invisible , letting the strength , sadness , and challenges in Darfur come through the various people interviewed , from rebel leaders to humanitarian workers to mothers and children struggling to survive . What comes through is a glimpse of a people whose dignity shines through , a people you admire and like , who have a humanity that is hard to fathom given their circumstances.The book is an important companion to the DVD as it documents what the small band of filmmakers went through to try and get to the truth of the situation . It provides important background and perspective and also gives insight into the filmmakers themselves . It is a gentle yet eye opening trip into a very dark place that includes incredible spirit and hope .
 In the northwest corner of Sudan live -LRB- or rather lived -RRB- some 6 million Darfurians . Hundreds of thousands were killed and millions were dispossessed . Their own government -LRB- although Arab -RRB- decided to get rid of them for this simple reason
 Great movie.Scary.Filled with suspense.Keeps you on the edge of your seat.Jessica Alba did a great playing a blind person . Very believable .
 This movie i liked ALOT better than the other movies that you see ghost in .
 while it was entertaining , it seems to be the same genus of film as the ring . in that one , it was a videotape that foretold one 's demise . in this one , it is a cell phone . not bad , though
 Not just a scary movie but a good story with it . A good movie to watch with a date .
 I think the only reason I like this movie is because I have n't seen the Orignal . Most people who have seen the orginal and enjoyed it should n't even try to watch a re-make , not just for this film but any because no matter how good it was they 'll hate it . I have to say I enjoyed all the re-makes so far . `` The Grudge '' ; `` One Missed Call '' and so on and so forth . I also like these because I have n't seen the org
 Despite the plot loopholes and disjointed jumps in logic that the viewer is required to overlook , the overall enjoyment of the film is not compromised . It is a carefree thriller that effectively peaks one 's interest in , firstly , what is going on , and then , is there a reason for this to be happening . Both are answered to varying degrees.Fairly enjoyable to watch and adequate acting holds the attention of the viewer . This reviewer recommends that you can rent without hesitation , but buy at your own risk .
 I received the movie very quickly , within 3 days and that was using standard mail . I was very pleased .
 Horror films can be great even if they are not terrifying . `` The Eye '' happens to be one of those films . The film wo n't necessarily scare the audience , but with a deep enough story , and a good plot line with likable characters , the film can definitely make for an exciting viewing time , despite the anti-climatic ending . Personally , I believe that this film is highly under-appreciated . The story revolves around a young woman named Sydney Wells -LRB- Jessica Alba -RRB- who has been blind the majority of her life . Years in darkness have taught her to utilize her other senses in order to sustain a well organized life . The opening scenes of the film show the audience that Sydney has not only overcome her handicap of visual impairment , but she is quite comfortable with it as well . Living the life of a well known concert violinist , Sydney appears to be quite content with her lifestyle . Until the day she decides to try out a new medical procedure that promises to restore her eyesight.In an attempt to regain her eyesight that she lost as a child , Sydney -LRB- Alba -RRB- goes through with corneal transplant surgery . She awakes in a dark hospital bedroom . She can not see too clearly at the moment , her vision impaired with blurry images . This turns out to be the least of her worries . Immediately after waking up in her hospital room , Sydney sees the image of an elderly woman who is being taken away by a dark shadowy figure . The initial appearance of the ghost is well timed , allowing a decent shock for the viewer , but not one that is good enough to actually scare them either.Slowly , she begins to see more ghostly images , ranging from a local coffee shop , to her own apartment complex . These images cause Sydney to seek help from an eye specialist , Dr. Paul Faulkner , who promised to teach Sydney how to readjust to the sense of sight . Upon telling Paul that she has been seeing strange images , Paul simply tells Sydney that she is still adjusting to her new sense . What he does n't know is that the images are real , and appear to be occurring more frequently . As it turns out , Sydney received the eyes from a dead woman who also was capable of seeing `` ghosts '' . The woman committed suicide after tormenting images haunting her night and day turned the small Mexican village where she resided against her.I find the story to be quite compelling and the characters are very easy to relate to . The ending was nothing spectacular , and may have been a little too anti-climatic to garner enough praise . The film may leave some viewers searching for more details , but it ends too abruptly to allow for further insight . The pacing is done quite nicely , and the development of the plot proceeds quite smoothly , allowing the audience to get to know the characters better . The movie has some tense scenes in it , mainly at the hospital after the initial images begin to occur , but the scary factor dwindles with time and the movie becomes more of a `` mystery '' film than a horror one . Being one of Jessica Alba 's biggest roles in a movie , I believe she did an excellent job of portraying the torment that she was going through . The lighting of the film and the camera techniques added to the overall ambiance that generated the feeling of tension when needed . The movie was not `` scary '' but was instead `` suspenseful '' and well developed , in my personal opinion . If you 're a fan of Jessica Alba -LRB- like me -RRB- or of horror films , you really ca n't go wrong with adding `` The Eye '' to your collection , just do n't expect it to make you sleep with the lights on .
 This movie will make you jump but not mess you up and disturb you . Keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time ! Really good definitely recommend !
 This movie is scary and good ! Sydney Wells is blind and gets eye surgery to try to fix her sight . After that she see 's what other people cant . . I dont want to give to much away so buy the movie to find out the rest !
 I loved this movie . It 's mysteriously fascinating . The performances were superb , you would n't know if one character from another had good intentions or bad . Not to say that the movie was n't ` scary ' enough , but anyone could watch and enjoy this as I did , I 've watched it three times already ! And so good on a rainy day or late nights with your friends .
 I have n't watched this movie before i ordered it but i must say that I was amazed with it . I absolutely love the story and the whole idea of the movie . Ending was brilliant too . I definitely will recommend this movie to my friends .
 You will not be disappointed in this movie . This is much better than most like it that have been released lately . PQ and AQ are great for this Blu Ray release . I love the Digital Copy feature .
 This movie is really good . I liked it . I thought that it was well done .
 I had n't heard a single good thing about the film `` The Eye '' . On Suturday , my wife asked me to meet her at the video store and help her find a movie , when I got there she had like ten in her hands and one was `` The Eye `` I thought `` what the heck ... Jessica Alba is beautiful and for my part , a better actress than she gets credit for '' so we bought it with the others -LRB- it was a used DVD blowout sale -RRB- , we ended up watching a few of them , and so far `` The Eye '' was the best of the bunch . The story was n't bad , kind of a watered down `` Sixth Sense '' , with a pre-cognitive mission , and Jessica Alba never looked better.So here 's the deal , if you like supernatural stories and have a couple of hours to spend , you caould do worse than watching `` The Eye `` 3 1/2 *
 Jessica Alba plays Sydney Wells , who went blind at the age of seven as a result of a firecracker accident with her sister . I 'll only mention this as an interjection , because that 's how it felt in the movie , but Parker Posie is a horrible actress , was completely forgettable , and may actually have some sort of sense deprivation similar to the star character in this movie . Despite Posie 's black-hole of suck `` acting '' style , Jessica Alba manages to carry every scene with her incredible beauty and acting ability.Despite the disability , Wells has moved on well enough in life to be a celebrated violinist , living successfully in the big city at a swanky condo expensive enough to have an elevator employee . Somehow she does n't have a boyfriend or love interest ; so she can devote most of her time to her career , being nice , and listening to her sister harp -LRB- pun intended -RRB- on her about getting cornea transplants.After getting the surgery , she is sent to a specialist , of what I have no idea . However , Dr. Paul Faulkner -LRB- Alessandro Nivola -RRB- is an eye specialist that helps cornea transplant recipients readjust to their new sight , but he does so in the most callous manner possible , without even the slightest regard for the psychological trauma someone may experience when gaining one of the five senses they 've lived without their entire adult life . His approach is essentially the equivalent of telling someone with a torn hamstring to rub some dirt on it and get back in the game . The fact that he has the perpetual George Michael five-o'clock shadow , and nearly no compassion adds little credibility to his portrayal as a doctor.Along with Sydney 's new-found vision , she also begins to see abnormalities -LRB- eerie ghosts , spooky images , blurry suspicions , etc. -RRB- . She seems to have the ability to see events in the past , events in the future , as well as people making their after-life transition . Not only that , but she also begins having visions of her surroundings changing , and gray , creepy apparitions of some kind acting as escorts to the aforementioned recently deceased . One can only assume they are escorts towards a purgatory of some sort ; otherwise , there is no reason to make the apparitions evil , especially when escorting off innocent , out-going , little girls with terminal brain cancer.The plot moves along when Sydney find out the reflection she sees is of a different woman , and from there she must find out who this woman is , and why she wants from Sydney . -LRB- This scene reminded me of Scott Bakula 's character in the old TV show Quantum Leap , except the reflections were very rarely as attractive -RRB- She makes the connection around this time and realizes all the visions have to do with her eye donor.The conclusion comes about when Sydney inevitably avenges the death of her donor by completing an altruistic deed left unfinished . Lives are saved , the evil escort spirits are thwarted , and the donor 's soul can rest in one of the most predictable endings in movie history.In the perpetual stream of Japanese horror flicks made into mediocre Hollywood productions , this is nothing more than a typical translation . And , just like the commanalities in language translation , this movie comes across about as scary as many of the Engrish signs I 've seen ; it may work in Japan , but in America it comes across as somewhat silly and contrived ... but it 's still the best translation yet , because Jessica Alba takes it to the next level .
 I 've seen the Asian version and this movie , I enjoyed Jessica Alba 's roll better . We enjoy watching Asian movies because they generally have a way of depicting a whole different level of creepy in their films . However , I think this one did a better job of making the viewer really feel an emotional attachment for her and what she had to endure and some pretty good moments of feeling high tension . This movie to me was worth watching .
 I really want to thank Amazon for the privledge to be able to order movies already seen by others . I really appreciate that .
 After figuring out what was going on , it was only a little scary . The musical part was nice . The general theme was noble . I watched this movie once , but may watch it again some time . Dave
 Very good acting and keeps you glued to your seat . This is a good film and definitely worth having in your collection .
 While alot of people seem to be down on this American remake of ` The Eye ' , I think that it was very well done . I think the movie itself was a pretty good portrayal of the original movie . I feel that this movie was an excellent remake and is also one of the few remakes that is as good if not better than the original . American cinema is famous for destroying J-Horror movies -LRB- think One Missed Call or Shutter -RRB- , but this movie is an excellent compliment to the original.I like that the director did not feel the need to bring the characters to Asia to get the true feel of the original . I think it was a great choice using an LA and Mexico story line , instead of making it an exchange student in Japan botch job like the Grudge 2 . You definately have a few creepy scenes in here , but overall I think the movie is pretty well done . I also think Jessica Alba plays her part very well , however I do not like her male doctor at all.I was glad and astonded that they used the creepy old man , and I though the addition of the ghostly little kid was cool too ! -LRB- have you seen my report card ? -RRB- Finally , the end was a perfect North American compliment to the original ending , and paid homage to the original movie while still retaining its own originality.I definately recommend this movie , you should go and check it out . Definately get the original and this one and draw your own conclusions .
 The Eye is one of those movies I checked out , after it left theatres and released to DVD . It contained all of the elements of psychological thriller/horror/suspense . Not so much , an edge of the seat thriller , but suffice for the purpose of the film .
 This movie is a good mixture of Horror , Drama and Thriller . Jessica Alba plays a talented musician names Sydney who lost her sight in early childhood . Sydney has the chance to get her sight back through a donor . She is so happy to see again and the surgery went very smooth but right after things starts to happen and she do n't know if they are real or only a dream . She decided to find out who the donor of her eyes was . Surprising twists til the end . Very good movie in acting and it held my fullest attention til the end .
 I had seen the Korean version of The Eye online , and found it to be very confusing -LRB- and nonsensical -RRB- at times . In that version , I felt like several of the frightening moments were just thrown in without explanation . However , this version does explain well the reasons behind the scares . This is a movie where the scares will make you jump . It is not bloody , and is sort of an action movie . Jessica Alba does a great job of acting like she is blind ; and her reactions to suddenly being able to see make perfect sense . I love how they kept in that part about the boy looking for his report card . ;-RRB- I prefer this version to the Korean one , even though it is highly based on it . I would recommend viewing both movies . I am now buying this movie from Amazon , because my first copy that I bought from a grocery store had some scratches on the disk . It is definitely a movie to view many times over .
 Sydney -LRB- Jessica Alba -RRB- has been blind since she was very young . At an older age she undergoes a surgery where eyes of a donor are implanted in her head . She starts seeing gradually , only she realizes she is seeing things she should n't be seeing . She is seeing the spiritual world and realizes that she is on a horrific mission using her newly acquired eye sight!I loved the movie , even though it made me jump off my seat several times.I thought the story was great and very interesting , I highly recommend watching it .
 i am a huge fan of jessica alba and i thought this movie was amazing and it had an awesome story line to it . this movie gave me the creeps but in a good way
 Nice movie that keeps you in suspense.You really do n't know what 's going to happen .
 The Eye starts off rather boring , and definitely NOT scary . However , after you get by the first 30 minutes , the unexplainable scares Jessica Alba 's character begins to see really get going and * this * is when the story takes off.The story begins with Jessica 's character portraying a blind woman , but soon she gets surgery that allows her to see . The movie does a great job allowing Jessica 's character development to build , and making it believable that we really ARE seeing someone learn to use their eyes after years of not being able to see at all . Good detail here.As soon as her vision gets settled in , she starts seeing dark , ghostly figures that definitely are n't friendly by any stretch of the imagination.She soon realizes that whenever she sees these ghostly figures , she is seeing them because a death has taken place recently around the area , and these ghosts have come to take away people who have died recently.Sometimes the scares are truly disturbing , such as the one involving a little kid who kept asking her if she 'd seen his report card . That part was a bit funny , because it 's easy to see WHY his report card was so bad - he spends all day hanging around the hotel hallways , haha.However , the kid actually died , and when Jessica discovers this , any future encounter with the boy will only result in something horrifying ... but I wo n't spoil what actually happens.Another very freaky part is when she actually walks * through * another woman while walking across the street . You will see what 's up with this scene after you get used to the storyline.Those are n't the only dead people she sees either - she sees plenty of other people too . Wait until you see what happens whenever she looks at a mirror.The movie does a terrific job keeping the ghostly figures few and far between , allowing tension to build , and allowing us to appreciate the horror aspect when it unfolds.A great movie , but please , take time to get used to a slow-moving storyline in the beginning , and you will probably be satisfied with the film by the conclusion .
 The violinist Sydney Wells has been accidentally blinded by her sister Helen since she was five years old . She submits to a surgery of cornea transplantation , and while recovering from the operation , she realizes that she is seeing dead people . With the support of Dr. Paul Faulkner , Sidney finds who the donor of her eyes was and they travel to Los Llanos in Mexico to resolve the mystery of her visions . This movie is awesome from beginning to end . This movie is very frightening at times and it actually had a plot that remained consistent .
 Jessica Alba is perfect for this superb thriller . You really feel for her plight , and by the end understand the origins of her torments . I like these kind of soul searching suspense movies as in the end they show the bright side of human nature even under a major handicap . Plus Jessica has real talent and she is easy on my eyes throughout this journey . Get this one for your collection !
 After Seeing BODY PARTS oh so many years ago , I was willing to go along with any concept like this one in this movie . The idea that a body had an inherant separate `` identity '' or even `` Spirituality '' was not so far-fetched , since Jeff Fahey -LRB- BODY PARTS , I think thats the guy , same fellow as in LAWN MOWER MAN -RRB- gave such a powerful performance , although the sequel to LAWN MOWER MAN was less than Stellar and lost the plot.Anyways , Since I liked the lead characters , and I definitely liked Rachel Ticotin -LRB- After Her appearance in TOTAL RECALL well , who would not -RRB- and wanted to see what she would do . I was happy to see where they took the film THE EYE that I had already seen in the original.I definitely suspect that a more direct translation would not have worked , or even a dub , even though the original gave more detail concerning the witch and had a cute lead , as well as having some spooky wraiths ; The Sound on this DVD version was also very spooky . I would have liked some extras , but I guess that was too much to ask , anyways , it was a good shot at the original since the concepts are very hard to translate.Not Perfect but damn fine Horror
 The moment this movie was announced , the Cruise/Wagner produced remake of the Hong Kong film , The Eye , was destined to be hated or loathed . However , unlike the film that comes afterward , Jumper , which was terrible in every aspect of the word , there 's no merit to the low ratings this film 's gotten -LRB- you know , other than personal opinion and disdain for Jessica Alba -RRB- . I had the pleasure of watching the original `` EYE '' film before seeing the remake and I enjoyed it immensely.I 'm glad to say that , like the American remakes before this one , -- The Ring -LRB- Ringu -RRB- and The Grudge -LRB- Ju-on
 Personally I do n't see why so many people bash this movie ! Jessica Alba was at her best if you ask me ... Synopsis
 Taal is almost two movies in one , its two halves linked together by love . What begins in the scenic , provincial setting of Chamba ends in the boisterous city of Bombay . In some ways , it is a conventional love story involving that most star-crossed of romances , one between a wealthy young man and a poor young woman , and all the necessary complications such a love gives rise to . In Bollywood , though , nothing is ever simple - and the whole atmosphere of this film swings ponderously between beginning and end.Akshaye Khanna plays Manav Mehta , a well-bred young man who comes to India with his fantastically wealthy father and quickly falls in love with Mansi -LRB- Aishwarya Rai -RRB- , the daughter of a local folk singer named Tarababu . How could he not fall for the most beautiful girl in the world ? She , her father 's only child , resists Manav 's affection , afraid to give her heart to a man of such wealth . She is right to fear that Manav 's family will not accept a poor girl such as herself -LRB- especially his aunt - aunts always seem to pose a major problem for romances in India -RRB- . She does love Manav , though , and he pledges his everlasting love before accompanying his family back to Bombay . Manav 's father had treated Tarababu as a brother in Chamba , but such high regards for the folk singer disappear when Tarababu takes Mansi to be with Manav in Bombay . Mutual insults are exchanged between the two families , and Manav himself sends Mansi away . The love affair looks to be dead and gone at this point , but then Manav learns how his family had dishonored Tarababu when he arrived . Although Mansi wants nothing to do with him , Manav not only renews his pledge of love to her , he remains steadfast in the belief that she will come to him eventually.Meanwhile , Tarababu and Mansi have been welcomed by Vikrant Kapoor -LRB- Anil Kapoor -RRB- , a famous musician and TV producer who has made all kinds of money remixing the songs of Tarababu . Vikrant takes the simple girl and transforms her into an international singing star - and , as you might expect , falls in love with Mansi . Manav , still confident in his love , shows up from time to time but seems to have lost Mansi forever - yet he still manages to prove his love in the most simple but daring of ways . Herein lies the power of true love ; it has the ability to change not only the souls of two lovers , but also the hearts of those around them . A lot of things happen as the story progresses towards its end , leaving Mansi to make the difficult choice of whom she will be with in the film 's climactic finish.Naturally , there are a number of wonderful songs scattered throughout the film , and the movie showcases Rai 's beauty across the whole spectrum from young , simple village girl to mega-glamorous international superstar . The whole superstardom thing tends to make the second half of the film a little overblown -LRB- and the costumes worn by Vikrant 's dancing troupes are just horrible -RRB- , and I think that takes a way a little bit from the beauty of the film 's romance , but the simple truths of this story still shine through . It 's a wonderful love story told as only Bollywood can tell it .
 Aishwarya Rai is amazing , I love how the two male leads seem to get along despite fighting over her , a great film with great music ! Highly recommended !
 I enjoyed this movie , give it a look and see . It just goes to show/prove-to me , That the heart - is blind to money - and the Mind needs to follow the heart in order to be truly happy .
 Okay , the first 20 minutes is a bit slow and corny . The plot and the characters are a bit simple - sometimes reminiscent of a good old 1950s film ; but the characters are endearing , and just like those old films , this one can make you anxious one minute and bring tears to your eyes the next . I love that . But the five-star features of this film for me as a Bollywood fan were the rich soundtrack by A.R. Rahman and the remarkable amount of really fantastic Indian choreography . I certainly felt that I got my money 's worth !
 I am not sure how much of this film is autobiographical and how much is fiction . I do know that Fernando Vallejo , the novelist who wrote the novel `` Our Lady of the Assassins '' as well as this film 's screenplay , is a reknowned Colombian author who , like the Fernando in this film , spent much of his life in voluntary exhile . -LRB- In the real Fernando 's case , the exhile was in Mexico and Italy -RRB- . In another series of novels Vallejo has written extensively about the difficulties of growing up gay in Colombia , so there is a possibility that in the novel and film versions of `` Our Lady of the Assassins '' we are getting glympses of his own life experience coming back to Medellin as a middle-aged man.Both the film and the novel present a touching but in many ways distasteful romance between an affluent older man and an underaged hustler/hired killer from the Medellin underclass . Neither the film nor the novel pass judgment on the relationship , but both make the viewer/reader squirm . There is the obvious question of poor youth being exploited by an older man . Additionally , the older man is an unapologetic snob , a hedonistic social-darwinist whose contempt for the indigent around him reflects very poorly on the Colombian bourgeoisie . The younger man , beneath the angel face , is nihilistic and an apparently uncritical respository of crass international pop culture . The duo 's comments about their lives and their meanderings through Medellin depict a very sick society -- a portrait that is the thrust of Vallejo 's novel.Other commentors on this webpage suggest that they do not find the wanton violence in this film credible . Unfortunately , the press reports on life in Bogota and Medellin -LRB- particularly the latter , as one of the capitals of the cocaine cartels -RRB- bear out Vallejo 's portrait . So , too , do the stories of many affluent Colombians who have emigrated to Miami in order to escape violence . And sadly , the literature and films about slum children from other large Latin American cities -- Pixote -LRB- Sao Paulo -RRB- , Los Olvidados -LRB- Mexico City -RRB- , Amores Perros -LRB- Mexico City -RRB- -- touch on similar themes -LSB- See the recent Colombian novel `` Satan '' , by Moreno , which is a portrait of Bogota gone to hell -RSB- . This is an unpleasant , painful portrait -- and we are seeing the portrait through the eyes of people who are alternatively sympathetic and horrible . But the portrait is probably realistic , as are our guides.The deliberate use of unsophisticated cameras in this film add to the feeling of cinema verite and enhance the film 's impact . All in all , this is an impressive undertaking , and the film goes beyond the novel in engendering dispair over the well-being of Colombia .
 Just wanted to say that this movie was great , different and interesting . I feel that some of the reviews posted for this movie have been totally out of line . Specially the one from KOZKOZ . Everyone is entitle to their opinion , but for this person to tell everyone not to watch this movie just because he did n't like it , give me a break ! give your opinion but how about and educated opinion , why not sound like you know what you are talking about . Also before this person decided to badmouth Colombians they need to learn how to spell first . COLOMBIA with an O. . Again I think this is a great movie and people who want to see something different go ahead and watch it .
 I was moved by this love story and amazed by this way of life.It 's the only one film I saw that came from Colombia.I does n't know their language or their culture , but I treat everyone want to survive.In the < gladiator > , the king said : It 's a dream , a frightful dream , life is . -- Maybe it 's real in that city .
 This movie is worth seeing again . If you see the movie , you will WANT to see it again.The subtle nuances of the film and character interplay are excellent ! Fernando 's sardonic wit is wonderful.The camera work is amazing , and the pasodobles are great.It is too bad that this movie 's subject matter has hindered it from more acclaim . Another example of the many great films that did n't come out of the plastic Hollyweird movie machine.Great characters , great director , great movie ... see it , AGAIN !
 Deshumanization caused by socio-economical injustices . Life is meaningless in a Nation -LRB- Colombia -RRB- where the State is desintegrating by political corruption and lack of social sensibility of the ruling classes . The violence of the State on the great majority of its people generates violent people . The only possible answer in this social formation is individual violence . This picture and the novel depict also the social and economical efects of drug globalization . La virgen de los sicarios is a realistic video that show us Medellin and the aftermath of the drug hubb .
 Great movie , show how was Medellin situation by that time .
 `` Our Lady of the Assasins '' is n't based on a true story , but in a book written by a Colombian , Fernando Vallejo , who happened to give his name to the main character of his book . This film does n't necessarily show Colombia 's reality , but is strongly inspired by it , as seen by both Fernando Vallejo and Barbet Schroeder -LRB- the director of this film -RRB- . Having said that , I would like to outline the plot of this film . Fernando Vallejo -LRB- German Jaramillo -RRB- , the main character , is an important Colombian writer who has returned to his native country to die , even though he is n't sick . Too strange ? . Not really , the explanation is simple . Fernando has travelled the world for too many years , and wants to live the rest of his life in Colombia.As a result , he settles in Medell&iacute;n , a city that he almost does n't recognize due to the fact that it has changed enormously during his absence . Violence is common , and drug lords give employment to the youth . Killings , even for seemingly small reasons , are at the order of the day . The logic of survival is clear for the insiders
 Every now and then a movie comes out that most certainly prompts a visceral response from viewers ... some are astounded and awed , while others are disgusted and angry to have sat through the film ... . well , this is one of them and it should have come with a warning label . First , if a homsexual love affair of two men grosses you out , then DO NOT buy this film , second , if real life exploration of what can only be described as an urban war zone of a society in extreme trouble , again this is n't the DVD for you ... On the other hand , if you are a Colombian or have Colombian friends and perhaps maybe have visited Medellin , then this is one fabulous picture . The homosexual aspect of this movie is actually quite tangential in that it allows the director a vehicle to tell his story of life on the streets of Medellin for the teenage assassins running amok within the city and society ... The movie starts with a 50 ` ish author , Fernando , after some years abscence , returning to Medellin so that he can die in his natal city . Fernando is a highly educated man , with an intimate and complete knowledge of the history of the city and with a taste for young teenaged boys . The actual sex scenes in the film are few and relatively discretely filmed . -LRB- ... for the squeamish you can just close your eyes for a few seconds or so ... -RRB- These relationships are not gratuitous sex and are important to the story since Fernando must form a very deep bond with the young assissins to be able to move freely among them . Along the same lines , the fact that moral values are pracically non existent among these young killers will not escape the viewer.The absolute wonder of this fabulous film is the real life , and I mean , real life , portayal of the lives of these young killers walking among the population of the city . Naturally a policeman is nowhere to be found since these people live by another set of rules and are all pretty well desensitized to violent deaths of their friends , families and themselves ... . If you know the city of Medllin at all you will swear that you are walking the streets with Fernando and Alexis , his young lover ... The DVD is pretty simple with very little extras , it is of course in Spanish with English subtitles . For Spanish speaking people you will immediately realize that the subtitles do not give breadth and depth to the actual dialogue but the translation is about as good as it can get when dealing with a rich language like Spanish ... . The movie does have digital Dolby 5.1 and the video is clear cut and crisp since it was filmed by a video camera and not a movie camera which has a tendency to soften the images of the final movie . This crispness does not take away from the movie but rather enhances the breathtaking real life aspect ... Certainly this movie will leave an impression on the viewer and you will have no problem remembering the movie , the actors and also the city of Medellin and Colombia . The director does not in any way have a hidden agenda -LRB- rare in today 's world of Micheal Moores crockumentaries -RRB- and he sticks to the main theme of the film exploring the life and times of these little killers among us.On a final note the VHS versions sell super cheap and are probably a much better deal for this film on Amazon than the DVD version ...
 I do not praise films easily , but here is a movie that just BLEW ME AWAY , with its subtle recounting of a man 's dying wish and finding ephemeral relationships in a lawless land . The violence is never gratuitous , beautifully shot by a seasoned filmmaker . This is no doubt his best work to date - and the most underrated.A MUST SEE .
 This movie is unreal , being a guy I think of why would all of these young boys go and sleep with a guy like `` Fernando '' German Jaramillo ? To get his money , quality time together ? Come on . Anderson Ballesteros `` Alexis '' and Juan David Restrepo `` Wilmar '' are a bunch of young hot guys . Go get a girl , or younger guy . Nothing against the actor playing Fernando , he shold be with someone his own age . What is it with all these movies and the young guy falling for the older man ? This movie is tragic and filmed like a home movie . I only liked it because I got to see Anderson and Juan .
 Barbet Schroeder 's `` Our Lady of the Assassins '' is an impassionate , yet candid analysis of the personal and collective vicissitudes and disintegration of societal mores in the director 's drug traffic-driven , native city of Medell&iacute;n , Colombia.The struggle to survive under such conditions is sensitively and honestly portrayed by the interplay of two main characters : Fernando -LRB- German Jaramillo -RRB- , an aging but virile intellectual , who happens to be a gay , and who , apathetic with his personal and professional life seeks to `` die '' -LRB- in peace ? -RRB- in his native Medell&iacute;n ; andAlexis -LRB- Anderson Ballesteros -RRB- , a teenager byproduct of family abuse , poverty , and social violence , who also happens to be a gay , and who , embroiled in the cruelty and hostility of his environment , seeks to survive day to day at gun point.Fernando and Alexis meet under a frank , for-money pre-arranged sexual encounter , but the two unexpectedly discover in each other honesty and acceptance , compassion and empathy , from which they try to derive hope and meaning for their existences , even if only fleeting due to the inhumane living conditions that they both must face.THIS FILM IS AS MOVING AND SHOCKING AS PIXOTE AND EVEN MORE PSYCHOLOGICALLY AND PHILOSOPHICALLY CHALLENGING!A MUST !
 Shocking , enlightening , transformative and unforgettable , this film will burn itself deep into your psyche . One thing I found particularly interesting is that the film 's subtext of pedophilia , a very loaded subject in the USA , is inconsequential and not the least bit upsetting - its the abhorrent and omnipresent violence of Columbia that makes this story so powerful . A real education !!!
 This movie is so ... . real . I really cant discribe it any other way . The people who wrote bad review just couldnt handle the movie . Whilst i am part colombian i have never been to colombia so cant say whether or not that is what its like today . I have been told however that its worse right know . I love the way they used the camera to shot this film as it really makes it feel like you are there . The only thing this movie could have improved on was the love scenes . It just seemed so un-romatic , but regardless this movie was great !!! So if you speak enlgish or spanish you should see it !!
 This movie is not only realistic with Colombia 's today situation , but is very well ellaborated and does not leave anything out in regards to the story 's argument . One of the nice surprises I found when watching this movie is that for owners of DVD players w / Progressive Scan and an HD capable TV , will get the pleasure to watch this movie in High Definition quality ; since it was filmed using a Sony HD camera . So , the movie is not only high in quality as a story but in its video resolution ! do n't rent it and buy this Latin American gem !
 In many ways OUR LADY OF THE ASSASSINS is painful to view . However , the performances , by a group of talented actors , holds you through the entire production . The film is raw and gritty , but at the same time , fast paced , most moving and memorable .
 Great movie in Spanish . Would have been nice to know that it was not sub-titled in English or other languages . The product arrived on time and the quality is excellent .
 `` OUR LADY OF THE ASSASSINS '' I was totally taken by this realistic Tale of Love in such a Drug Infected City as Medellin Colombia , returning after 30 Years the Main Character `` Fernando '' befriended a young Gang member `` Alexis '' at a Party given by an old friend and in no time both of them become an Item , Fernando shows Alexis how the City used to be and the young man shows his lover how to survive in the City of todayFilled with many surprises I liked the Simple and Natural acting qualities of the Characters , it was Loving and Warm , Tender and Dramatic , Funny , Painful and Violent at times , it just had it all , It was nice to see this Beautiful City , I liked the Film a lot and hated to see it end and when it did I watched again !
 La Virgen de los Sicarios captures the essence of inner city life ; the scenes alternate between boredom , listlessness and terror . Perhaps too numbing to be raw , the story , set in Columbia , follows Fernando Vallejo , an affluent writer , back to his hometown of Medellin and into a relationship with a sicario named Alexis . Although Fernando is jaded , it is his naivete that introduces the viewer as an outsider to the realities of the streets . This true-to-life portrayal could have been set in any given barrio in the United States . When I commend the realism , understand that I am referring to harsh realities like the daily ebb and flow of gang violence in the streets . Understand too , that Alexis is fifteen - more than old enough to be an established sicario trapped in the endless cycles of reciprocal revenge - and his relationship with Vallejo is romantic . It 's a hard watch , but worth watching .
 We watch how life really is in Medellin , the centre of the drugcartel
 Barbet Schroeder has directed some fine films
 Barbet Schroeder has given us a rare insight into what the future may hold should we continue on the course of senseless brutality we witness in the Media daily now . OUR LADY OF THE ASSASSINS is a terrifyingly realistic account of the world gone mad , of the use of the gun as the immediate stimulus response solution for opposing opinions/views/misunderstandings . The writer who is the main character seems to be time-warping into the future of what might eventually consume us . The terror is in the reportage manner in which this film is delivered . Beautiful young boys exist by making their bodies available to adults who have money or power or who afford food and protection . This is not a film about male hustlers
 This is , by far , Barbet Shroeder 's best effort . Perhaps his familiarity with the language , the country and its people themselves are contributing factors although Shroeder -LRB- Playboy August 2001 -RRB- tells of the many problems and dangers he encountered while filming in Medellin.I have not yet read Fernando Vallejo 's novel , on which the film is based , nor have I visited Columbia so I can deal with Shroeder 's work at face value only . Still I was able to appreciate his accomplishment at a number of levels . As an introduction to the streets and los barrios of Medellin I was fascinated . As a documentary of the lives and sufferings of the resident populace I was moved . As cinema I was greatly impressed with the performance of German Jaramillo who plays Fernando , a man so jaded with life that he has surpassed the fear of death yet has difficulty making his exit for any number of reasons ... One last love , a visit to a long ago cantina or church , the sound of a once familiar melody.His youthful lover Alexis -LRB- Anderson Ballestros -RRB- by way of contrast kills rather than engaging in senseless argumentation , or to preclude personal affront but most of all to avoid being killed . The pace of Alexis ' life can only be slowed by sexuality , sleep or death . The music which soothes him is loud and frenetic . His sometime outward languidity can not hide a turbulence bred of violence and danger yet he is unable to watch as Fernando mercifully kills a suffering animal.The killing portrayed here is not for those impressed with the Hollywood blood-bath type featuring good guys vs bad guys where the good guys somehow always prevail by way of superior cunning or fire-power . Here there is no justification . Only futile vengeance and self preservation . Nobody is right . No one wins.Shroeder keeps the film short and uses a bare skeleton of plot to extend the running time to ninety-eight minutes . It is only slightly more than enough and Shroeder can be forgiven for conforming to acceptable feature time length considering what he has been able to achieve.The dialogue is superb , cutting away the veneer of myth and civilization , as humanity is reduced to an insane parody of breeding , feeding , dying and removal of bodies . In one memorable scene Fernando rails sardonic at the determination of residents to dump corpses down a mountain side in spite of a sign clearly prohibiting the practice . Vultures circle above awaiting the opportunity to feast on the distorted carrion.The soundtrack ranges from pasodobles to Maria Callas and is beautifully integrated into the moods of Fernando and his youthful lovers.Anyone interested in how much can be communicated through the art of cinema should see this film and see it more than once -- in a cinema .
 This is a love story between a lanky youth and 50-something writer whose hometown has gone to seed . Medellin for all practical purposes is a war zone , packed with moped assassins , battling gangs , graffiti , and decadence . Their bond proceeds from a hustler-john relationship to a love affair . Fernando provides the apartment and mullah ; Alexis , all the charms of youth . Music is used to illustrate the generation gap
 For some reason this film will not let me go . I come back to it again and again . It is starting to become my favorite film , period.So much is said in these other reviews that I do not need to add more , so let this review simply state that this film shall long stand out as Barbet 's best -LRB- even better than Barfly and Reversal of Fortune , and certainly superior to Single White Female , -RRB- and one of the best examples of guerrilla film making . My only complaint with the DVD is that there are no special features . But perhaps that is a shallow complaint . The film is perfect and needs no accompaniment . Standing alone , it shines as pure magic and everything that cinema should be .
 We found the movie to be well done with good direction and photography.For over 50 years we have been very familiar with the city where it was filmed.The movie and book moved us to great sadness and many memoriesof what was , what is , and what could have been for this latin city and the country of Colombia.Certainly worth seeing if you like foreign movies .
 `` Our Lady '' deserves the accolades for its direction and story.An offbeat , violent story with excellent camera work and characters . Fernando 's irreverant humor and wit in the story is great . His two young lovers were well cast and handsome young men . I loved it .
 This is an extremely powerful movie , but it 's not really a ` gay ' love story despite the assertions of the other reviewers , who misunderstand completely the real nature of the relationship between Fernando , the central character , and his beautiful teen-aged lover , Alexis.No , this is a powerful movie about despair . After all , if you deny any salvation , you must repeat the hopelessness of everything , make hopelessness inevitable.The central character , Fernando relentlessly embodies a spirit of negativity towards absolutely everything - even his young male lovers are assassins . The youth and innocence of Alexis is merely the foil against which Fernando 's obsessive depression plays itself out.Step by step Fernando exposes his young lover Alexis to the death to which that boy is destined . It is a strange `` being hatefully in love , '' Alexis ` lines has it . Fernando becomes this ill-starred boys ' codependent as , time and again , he does nothing to avert the youngster 's fate , and everything to practically provoke the inevitable . Fernando , in his own rejection of hope , is as much a death-bringer as his young assassins , whatever his protestations.Considering the director 's last name -LRB- Schroder -RRB- it 's no surprise that we find a literary allusion from the director 's own ethnic background . In Goethe 's Faust the Satanic emissary , Mephistopheles , is memorialized as '' `` Der Geist der ewig verneint , '' the Spirit which forever denies , and that 's certainly Fernando.The proof of my guess at a literary background for the film is Fernando 's reminiscence that in childhood he had a family parrot named Fausto . There it is , Goethe 's great work , and the key to Fernando 's unwittingly Mephistophelian character.Fernando 's despair is less than his own `` negation '' of all trust , all hope . He 's in despair of himself , and , in that , I suppose , serves as a metaphor for the nation of Columbia , with it 's corruption and violence.Vargas Llosa , the Peruvian novelist , recently pointed out that in the Latin American character there is a profound distrust of all social institutions , that spirit of negation which undermines their social progress , even as people struggle to make their government work . On one hand there 's passionate self-sacrifice , as even like young Alexis who throws himself in front of Fernando to save him from the gang 's bullets . On the other , a profound mistrust of everything that might work , as embodied in the character of Fernando . No accident , that the film is replete with themes of faith and utter doubt , salvation and slaughter in one character.Fernando 's despair is obvious , but what 's truer and beneath the surface is his fatal negation of anything that might relieve his despair . Inevitably he loses one boy whom he makes no effort to save , and , when he 's offered a second chance , tries to save another when it 's too late . So much of Latin America has something of this at work in it - those themes of love and death get handled with quite some consistency in those somber films.The predecessor of this film , by the way , is `` Rodrigo D '' , a cinema verite treatment of the youngsters ' gang battles in Colombia in the eighties . By the time the film was ready for release , seven of its twenty `` street boy '' actors were dead through that senseless , inevitable violence .
 The movie is excellent , powerful , and thought-provoking . It is very realistic in the sense that it is not far from happening to our world . The corruption portrayed is a reminder of the dangers of the society that we live in . Many examples of this grim reality exist in the world today .
 Well done cinematic , realistic , and non pretentious . It is quite violent but it needs to be to carry the story . The `` kids '' were incredible actors considering they were not actors . Recommended highly .
 This film earns its reputation as controversial . The homosexual relationship between the two main protagonists will definitely raise many eyebrows in Western audiences . Actually , the shocking element is not the intergenerational love story , but rather how death and murder happens so frequently within this particular Columbian society . The movie offers little answers , or even the slightest hint of hope . Expect to feel emotionally winded by the conclusion .
 Excellent film showing the effects of violence on individuals and society . The difficulty in living and loving in the world gone mad of Medellin , Colombia .
 i have read so many reviews of this movie saying `` it 's too fake , the violence is unconvincing . `` i am a colombian who has experienced gang violence and crime . what people do not understand is that colombia is not compton , where the police come and record a crime . here are some factsless than 3 % of crimes in colombia are successfully prosecuted , a rate lower than that of the old west , a time and place taht was supposedly lawlessthe murder rate in medellin -LRB- the city where the movie is set , where my family lives -RRB- , including rich neighborhoods and slums is 465 per 100,000 , compton , california -LRB- the birthplace of gang violence in the US and home of gangsta rap -RRB- was only 80.2 per 100,000 in 1987 -LRB- when things were supposedly much worse -RRB- as far as the filmmaking itself , i can not say it si a well made movie , my interest is solely in teh subject matterthe homosexuality adds a confusing dimension to the film that is not necessary when portraying violent crime in the most dangerous place in the western hemisphereRENT , DO NOT BUYand yes , the violence is real , contrary to what you may think living in the suburbs , medellin is the most murderous city in the world , 6 times as murderous as compton , california
 It is Christmas Eve 2008 as I write . Last night I looked again at this film depicting life in Medellin Columbia . The film was written before 9/11 . When viewed today after 9/11 and the subsequent wars and the outright evil today dominating usa political , governmental , business and religious life - this film is a prophetic masterpiece about life in the usa and increasingly around the world . TO think that this is a gay movie is to totally misunderstand the movie and its intent . Yes , the film is shocking and distrurbing . USA life today has evolved to be the same as depicted in the film ! Life has become cheap . Government has no respect for people . Usa leaders everywhere at every level are corrupt thieves . Religious leaders have become useless . Pedophilia is allowed to persist within the Catholic priesthood unabated . GLBT people are victims of discrimination . Drug investation is everywhere . Pro-Life christians elect war promoters/defenders . The list goes on and on . Somehow this the film script/sscreenply contains great wit . insight , and WISDOM . One can only hope and pray that somehow goodness will one day again reign over this world . On this Christmas Eve , every living soul should feel ashamed about the world in which we live and take some action to make this world a better place . This movie depicts the horror of our world today and it is not pleasant having reality hit you in the face . The film shows what is with great clarity . But it is the truth - whether you like it or not . If you have not yet seen this film , by all means do so . If you have seen it previously , see it again . In either case , buckle your seatbelt . THis film is a great ride , but watch out for reality repeatedly slapping you in the face .
 This is a story about violence , revenge and love . There is a lot of senseless violence in this movie . I believe the movie is just showing what Colombia is like , and the violence is senseless and that is the point they are trying to make . But , that is n't what the movie is really about it is about love , Fernando and Alexis . Fernando has seen the world and is tired of living , because to him there is nothing to live for . Alexis has seen little in his life and because he has a hit out on him ever moment is precious to him . Alexis ' love of living makes Fernando want to live again , but Fernando 's need for death brings Alexis closer and closer to the end . This movie is very sad , and the characters that commit most of the violence are the ones you love . I loved this movie , a must see .
 `` Our Lady of the Assassins '' suggests that a world without hope may be a world not long before the end . Shot in the fiery furnace of Medallin Columbia , we wonder if it 's only a matter of time before the rest of the world gets there . Images of old churches remind us that grandeur is a thing of the past . We see poor women struggling with small children & it seems ugly & we ask why anyone would want to bring them into a life where murdering people or peoples is the only avenue to dignity . This film is a great warning & a purge .
 The first thing that comes to my mind when I think about that movie is CRUDE which in this case is , unfortunately , a synonym for REAL . One of the very first scenes shows a man in his mid 50 's having sex with a teenage sicario or hired assassin -LRB- explicit -RRB- . The rest of the movie developes when these two characters start a relationship . Through the young sicario , the man starts realizing that life has no value for these boys , they would kill anyone for anything .
 I recently purchased and viewed this movie . I found it to be quite an enjoyable film . It moves well it is well directed the acting is top notch in my opinion.The movie is filmed in an almost soap opraish lighting scheme but neither this nor the english subtitles detracted from the film in any way.This movie will make you laugh in places you do not think you should . Itis also very moving at times.Itis a movie about imparting wisdom from the old school to the new generation of the brave new frightening world.the relationship between the older man and the young man seems as natural as breathing itself . they seem to have been able to find true commitment to each other in a world of hatred and constant squabble.There is a twist near the end of the film that will leave you wondering how it can continue but even this possibly greavous obstacle is conquered by the power of love and faith.You will not be dissapointed in this movie.It can be had for a rather small price.what you will receive is a true delight of a movie that works on many levels , enjoy .
 This low budget , thought provoking film will most likely not leave you with a smile . This is a raw , harsh film which serves as a candid look at life in an extremely dangerous city . The atheistic overtones cry out at parts , and scenes of children getting drugged up , and random shootings made me cringe . The acting is understatedly excellent , the atmosphere created by this work is so effective that I will not be forgetting it anytime soon.I ca n't comment on the quality of the dvd , as I saw a copied version from one of my Colombian friends . But the movie is so good , buy it regardless .
 In one word
 This is a masterpiece from Colombia I am so impress that our latin directors are giving us great movies like this one .
 Very good movie ! An interesting exploration about living in Medellin from the point of view of a scholar facing the sunset of his live willing to see for the last time the town where he 's born and to discover it turned in hell on hearth since now it is in the hands of criminal bands connected with drugs selling . A tender gay love with a young menber of one of these bands becomes the guide to the new social environment of the town . Not at the same level of the movie `` Plata quemada '' , but a rare opportunity to get a view on blade runners ` lives on South America .
 ***** 2000 . Directed by Barbet Schroeder , this film is an adaptation of Fernando Vallejo ` sOur Lady of the Assassins . A disenchanted gay writer comes back to his hometown Medellin , Colombia . In the company of his new companion , a young killer , he will discover a city where crime reigns . Nothing has changed here in 30 years . Filmed in HDTV , OUR LADY OF THE ASSASSINS however is n't a documentary . The director uses this new cinematographic process in a remarkable manner in order to work on the colors . The film is a symphony of yellow , red and blue , the colors of the Colombian flag . As Barbet Schroeder grew up in Colombia from the ages of 7 to 11 , he 's also able to render perfectly the special mood of this awesome country . Masterpiece .
 This documentary thoroughly explores all the circumstances regarding King Tut 's Tomb . It presents an awesome look into the entire mystique of King Tut.If you have been mesmerized by the details of this story , and wondered what was true or mere speculation or fantasy , National Graphic
 Publishers of several books and dvds have claimed that in their product is the absolute solution to the mystery of King Tut 's early death . Most recent is James Patterson 's bestseller that is listed as non-fiction but which contains no footnotes , no bibliography , no index -- and no believable conclusions.In the subject dvd , however , we have a much better view of the possibilities . Tut 's mummy was removed from the tomb and three dimensional pictures were taken of the remains , head to toe . These photographs were examined by forensic pathologists who provide the viewer with their conclusions , backed by clear views of the mummy . It was established , for example , that Tut did not die of a blow to the back of the head , as Mr. Patterson and a few others surmised , but from something else , most likely from a chariot or war accident that broke his leg , most likely a compound fracture that became infected or developed gangrene.Less compelling is the investigation into the curse of King Tut . This requires us to accept the fact that there was a `` curse , '' that is , that an abnormal number of people connected with the opening of the tomb died soon after . They include Howard Carter 's canary and Lord Carnarvon , who financed the Carter 's expedition . Cultures of fungi from recently opened Egyptian tombs were found to be toxic , perhaps even lethal , and those who first ventured into Tut 's tomb were exposed to these fungi . However , Carter lived for many years after 1922 ; Carnarvon died of an infected mosquito bite , weeks after the tomb opening . And the canary ? It was miles away and never in the tomb . Others involved with the opening did die -- but people do die . Thus , logical people will conclude that the Tut curse was a journalistic invention.Despite all this , the program is fascinating and will be enjoyed by anyone with a touch of Tut-mania . In fact , it is indispensible if you are curious about what became of the boy pharoah .
 Although the recreation towards the end of King Tut 's face is amazing the whole documentary is one big Cat scan with some re-enactments or dramatizations , mainly a Forensic look at his body to see if he died from Illness , a betrayal or something else , the results come towards the end but the every annoying Zarwi guy and the whole theme on just exhuming him drags on , The look at the curse and of course the common sense behind that such as when someone comes in contact with something that has been locked up for so long there is bound to be fatal germs and bacteria laying dormant could explain the curse , An nonetheless worthy look at The boy King with some flaws .
 All information you could want on King Tut . My grandson has a new found interest , as he needed information for a report .
 The unraveling of mysteries in National Geographic 's KING TUT 'S FINAL SECRETS can be divided into three parts :1 . -RRB- What did young King Tutankhamun really look like ? 2 . -RRB- Why did he die at such an early age ? 3 . -RRB- Is there any truth to King Tut 's Curse?Read no further if you do n't want the answers given in this 95 minute show.As to the fabled curse that began with the death of expedition financier Lord Carnarvon , we learn from this noble 's grandson that Carnarvon did n't die within hours , days or even weeks after unsealing Tut 's tomb , but some six months later . This shoots to heck any theory that he inhaled a toxic mold which in the Lord 's weakened condition caused fatal pneumonia . The `` curse '' could 've been further debunked by observing how selective and slow-acting it was -LRB- only a handful who were there in November 1922 expired within the first several years -RRB- . For Tut 's face , two reconstruction experts were put to work . A French woman was told she was recreating the boy king 's visage while an expert from Yale 's Peabody Musuem was n't informed of this . He came up with a homely man with a receding jaw and beak nose , while the lady 's Tut was a pretty-boy ideal clearly based on his sarcophagus mask . Although these faces could n't be any more unalike , Nat Geo 's narrator claims the opposite ! A laughable conclusion . -LRB- Aside
 I recently purchased the National Geographic King Tut 's Final Secrets for the purposes of my year 11 Ancient History class . We are studying King Tut and as Egytpology is such a visual subject I decided to watch certain DVD 's with them to get the full impact of the beauty and splendour of the subject . King Tut 's Final Secrets was mesmerising and compelling . The class were silent and when the bell rang before the DVD had finished the class wanted to stay back at lunch time to find out how Tut had died . Of course , it was a bit of an anti-climax that he was n't murdered !!! But how amazing was the specialist forensic experts and the amount of scientific detail included ? Worth every dollar , I will be using it for years !!
 this tape is wonderful . very informative . enjoyed every minute of it . What a life he lived . Everything you want to know about King Tut .
 This is a great action packed movie . Instead of your regular good guy against bad guy deal you have a couple of sports action nuts just trying to suvive there way off a mountain from a big bad Russian Army type guy who happens to be thought to be dead btu really is n't . All the while trying to shoot a comercial for a video camera that has there skier outrunning an avalanche .
 i got the movie fast , it show a good picture , its a good and fun movie , thank you very very much .
 Everything you ever wanted to do.Extreme sports meets james bond stuff.wish it went for longer .
 I 'm an action and horror movie fanatic so did I like this movie . I guess I did after I got through the horrible plotting . It was a guilty pleasure that pretty much noone besides my friend Robert would thoroughly enjoy . I would n't reccomend it to anyone in my right mind but I would watch it again . That 's all I have to say about this .
 i found that this movie had a great plot , excellent acting , and awesome stunts . with several plot twists , i was kept on the edge of my seat through the entire movie . the DVD is excellent , and something i would reccomend for ownership to anyone extreme enough to take it . this film is fun for all ages ! the kids will love the stunts , and mom and dad will appreciate the positive , underlying messages in the content . definantly a must see , and the movie of the year , every year .
 Okay , like I said , not a bad movie ... was it fantastic ? No , but was worth seeing . Think of this as a poor mans xXx . This is about a commercial company who wants to make a commerical with extereme sports people . Soon some terrorists get involved , and the extereme sports people have to use their extereme sports skills to escape the terrorists . Like I said , it was a poor man 's xXx.The only real issue is that I wished they 'd use more of the extereme sports to escape . They just did it once . What I did like was the visuals and the camera work.This was a good was to kick back and burn off stress of the day . If you like this sort of thing -LRB- I could take or leave extereme sports -RRB- then you may want to check this out .
 First and formost , this is an extreme sports -LRB- specifically snowboarding -RRB- movie . If you do n't snowboard , you probably wo n't enjoy it as much as I did . To give credit where credit is due , the plot is n't about some boarders who get in the way of some terrorists and decide to kick some butt . It 's about some snowboarders shooting a commerial who get in the way of some terrorists and are trying to get there heck out of there when they realize what 's up.The stunts are no doubt over the top , just as you would expect , and the characters all contribute some good humor . Do n't put on huge expectations , and you 'll be rewarded with a good ride .
 Extreme Ops is a surprisingly good movie . I had some reservations about seeing this movie upon seeing the trailers for it . It , to me , looked like just another teenager 's type movie until they added the element of terrorists to it . The premise
 Personally , i rented this movie because of Devon Sawa . i think that he is an amazing actor , and even though i thought it was a good movie ... i think he can act a much better role , he did n't even have a big part in the movie . i liked it though , there was some action and anyone who likes extreme sports or snowboarding will probably like this movie . i could n't say that i found the movie great but it was entertaining and even though the storyline was a little flat at times i still liked it . they could have done a better job and turned this movie into a better seller by putting some more action into it . but either way ... i thought it was good . and anyone who likes Devon Sawa and is planning on watching this because of him ... go for it . i bet you 'll end up liking it ... if your are a true fan . i 'll admit he has gained a little weight . . but i love him anyway . anyway ... its a good movie to watch if you do n't feel like getting serious or you feel like watching some snowboarding .
 I had seen this movie years ago and I really enjoyed it . Anyone that enjoys suspense , humor , and action movies will enjoy Extreme Ops . Also the scenery is beautiful on the large flat screen TV 's .
 The Fess Parker version of the movie Smoky is a remake of an original black and white version of the same name starring Fred McMurray -LRB- of MY 3 SONS fame -RRB- . Both movies are based on the Newbery award winning book written by Will James . Granted , this version has some corny dialoge , but the story is solid . It also stays fairly close to the book . -LRB- Which is probably one of the best horse books ever written . If you find the movie `` corny '' , read the book . You 'll be captivated from page 1 -RRB- . If you 're looking for a good movie that you can share with the whole family , I highly recommend Smoky .
 What is special about this ` horse movie ' is thebond between the horse and the man.Additionally , it is nice to see a man with true characterwho does not stray from his values.It is not the ` best ' movie-not that well done ; but ... anytimethere is a horse in a movie , it is hardnot to love it . : -RRB- And , the ending ...
 I think that it is something worth watching!I would probably reccommemend it to all of my friends !! I think of it as great and wonderful stuff worth watching !
 This is a great , well done documentary about Woody Allen 's movies leading up to Midnight in Paris . I think the majority of the interviews were done before `` You will meet a dark , tall stranger '' was released . There are two things I do not like about the documentary
 A documentary about Woody Allen can only be captivating . But this one is a masterpiece worthy of its subject . Now I know why he is the international icon of comedy and film.Woody Allen
 Woody Allen 's sense of humor seems to have emerged early , and this film shows his early life -- he seems to have skipped childhood and become a comedian shortly after infancy . Even though his early standup routines were hilarious and his first movies were funny , he grew as a comic and a filmmaker . The early years formed him , but he continued to learn and grow .
 Excellent bio on Woody Allen . There were so many people who were interviewed and they really gave a lot to it . It is great that so many of them are still around ! fMy favorite quote was , `` See ? He 's an industry . ''
 This was filmed as part of a series of American Masters for PBS . Woody in the present is current in just about every scene and wow , how the films fit into his life was just wonderful.Cannot recommend this highly enough !
 What 's so fascinating about Woody is his ability to remain himself year after year . You see this rarely -- he 's like Bob Dylan.Woody -- your sister is terrific ! Also , score us another Midnight in Paris !
 I speak for my wife and I when I say that this series both Babe and Babe A Pig In The City have to be two of the best movies I have ever seen.The script is wonderful , the production is great and very cute I might add and our Grandchildren are just in love with these 2 sure to be classicsA true must see for anyone who loves animalsIf I had an extra set of hands it would get 4 thumbs up and a big toe
 I rarely give a perfect score though I have given many 8 's and 9 's because I am extremely selective about which movies I watch . In this case babe really came through all the way to the end . Often movies can do well but kind of flub the ending by carrying on longer than the `` Ah ha '' moment . Babe however ended just right leaving you with glowing warm feelings.Babe was entertaining , funny , somewhat thought provoking , and even a tad spiritual . Babe really prods the viewer to reconsider how they think about animals . Even though these animals are obviously anthropomorphized the movie still manages to break through our preconceptions.I 'm not sure how much of an animal rights bent this movie intended but for me it seemed obvious that deeper issues were implied . Ultimately though , even without much thought this is an easy movie to watch with its positive and wholesome values . I was heartened to see something so benign and at the same time well done movie -LRB- often a hard combination to be had -RRB- come out of Hollywood . In a time when it often seems almost anything goes this was a most welcome alternative .
 In my opinion , this film stands alongside `` The Wizard of Oz '' , `` Charlotte 's Web '' , and `` Mary Poppins '' at the pinnacle of family entertainment . A great surprise hit when it was released , it now has a firm and enduring place in the pantheon of great films.This is a movie for everyone to cherish , over and over again . It does not insult childrens ' intelligence , as so many kids flicks do , and it delights the adults as well.All of the characters are charming and well developed . The lush Aussie scenery is gorgeously filmed to great effect . Extraordinary production values all around . Babe should have won for best picture -- does anyone recall which film beat it?This is a classic for the ages -- and for all ages . Only the foul-tempered cat might disturb the very young . And even the adults -LRB- me included -RRB- will find a box of tissues very handy . The floodgates open every time I see it . But nothing here is heavy-handed tragedy a la `` Old Yeller '' or `` The Yearling '' . And certainly none of the war and gore of `` Watership Down '' -- which is not for children at all . This is `` G '' rated with all that the rating implies.So , grab your family , or watch it with your adult friends . You ca n't go wrong with this fine example of cinematic magic and sheer joyousness . Ca n't wait for the BluRay ! Now how much longer do we have to wait for a truly classic version of `` Alice in Wonderland '' ?
 When this movie came out -- years ago , I thought , `` Wow , this is pretty amazing '' and since then movie audiences have been amazed at a number of camera tricks , computer-enhanced people , animals , monsters , and who knows what ... so this kind of story with fun special effects/talking animals is no longer is unique.However , it 's still so charming , so nice a story that it should hold up as solid entertainment for a long , long time . It has proved to be anything but a flash-in-the-pan . This movie will endure . It 's also a beautiful film on DVD with brilliant colors and some very rich visuals . I ca n't wait for the high-def Blu-Ray to be made available.Filmed in rural Australia , the scenery is magnificent and so is the house that is featured in the film . It looks like some old-fashioned gingerbread house . The animals are entertaining , talking to one another like humans but not looking hokey in the process . In other words , the dubbing is well done.The main character , `` Babe , '' the little pig , is the nicest , most innocent `` character '' you could ever hope to find . Listening to him talk is heart-warming most of the time and sometimes it 's heart-breaking . The best comic relief is provided by the goose who wants to be a rooster . That may sound like it 's geared toward little kids , but it is n't . I have n't found an adult friend yet who did n't like this film.It also was good to see James Cromwell play a nice guy , too . Most other times he seems to play profane and corrupt cops or government officials . Here , he 's just a nice old farmer who blends in perfectly with the surroundings . His wife is a bit annoying , but not too bad.This is a wonderful , sweet-hearted comedy-drama with a nice ending , too , guaranteed to leave you with a smile or a tear , or both . This is one of the best `` family '' movies of all time .
 This movie is perfect . It is funny , heartwarming , dramatic , well acted , and well made . It wo n't let you down at all . If you have a heart , then `` Babe '' will capture it for a couple of hours .
 I know , I know ; very bold statement , but I challenge you to watch ` Babe ' and not draw the same conclusion . When I first saw ` Babe ' all those years ago I was like ten and I adored it . But here is the true testament to the brilliance that is ` Babe ' ; I watched it just this past week and LOVED it.Yes , ` Babe ' ages very , very well . It is pure family entertainment that shines brightly , giving the audience laughs and tears and heartwarming moments of beauty and peace . ` Babe ' is a monumental achievement in the world of family -LRB- or children 's -RRB- entertainment for it reaches a level of overall satisfaction without ever having to spice the film with adult humor or forced maturity . This is a children 's film that appeals to adults without ever catering to adults , and that is a feat in itself . Unlike ` Shrek ' and recent so-called children 's films that have followed , ` Babe ' never goes over the child 's head yet it always maintains the adult 's attention . ` Babe ' tells the story a young orphan pig who escapes slaughter by displaying his ability to herd sheep . His owner , Arthur Hoggett enters Babe into a sheep-herding contest despite everyone 's disapproval.The beauty within ` Babe ' is not found in the plot -LRB- which is pretty simple -RRB- but in the underlying emotional connection between Hoggett and Babe and , well , Babe and everyone . It really shows that family can never be defined and that you can be loved and show love to any and everyone , regardless of race or even species . At its heart Babe is a story about acceptance and love.James Cromwell is amazing as Farmer Hoggett . There is a beautiful scene where he nurses Babe back to health after a night spent in the rain and he does this little jig to try and cheer him up and his performance is so sincere and so genuine , which must be hard to muster when working with a mechanical pig . It 's a wonder to me why he did n't win that Oscar , I mean Spacey was good -LRB- albeit nominated for the wrong performance -RRB- but of the final five Cromwell was by far the most deserving . The voiceover actors are all flawless as well and truly add to the cartoon-like vibe of the film.In the end there are few films this heartfelt and moving , at least in this genre . It is not a sappy saccharine type film that plays too heavy on the heartstrings but this is a pure and emotionally balanced film that manages to appear real and raw despite its very fairytale like prose .
 I just love this movie -- if I have to watch tv with the kids , this is my choice . It gives models for great virtues : + innocence + trust + defending the weak + good manners + patiencethe little mice that sing and talk at the opening/closing of each `` Chapter '' are hilarious.The movie has no dark and scary parts -- my kids are still too little to handle much suspense . It is a gentle and sweet kids ' -LRB- and adults ' -RRB- movieand I get a big kick out of it.And Babe engages in NO SASS at all . NONE . Hooray!Language note
 Some films are so enjoyable that it is nearly impossible not to smile through them as they teach subtle lessons , and Babe is one of the best . It is the odd being that ca n't laugh at the antics of the animals of Farmer Hoggit 's farm as Ferdinand , a duck tries to usurp the role of the rooster , three literate musical mice read title cards aloud for younger audience members , and best of all , Babe , a Hoy piglet , learns the job of the brilliant herding dogs , Rex and Fly , to win the annual sheep herding competition.Clever animation , well done animatronic creature-doubles by Jim Henson 's studio , and a menagerie of superbly trained real farm animals makes the superior story of the little piggie who could more than just a cute bacon for breakfast situation . A film for the entire family , it is simple and underscores the notion that hard work and tolerance for those different from oneself are to be respected in the kingdom of all animals . Babe brings to the screen through comedy and drama , life lessons that all ages can understand without being preachy or didactic . One cheers for the farmer and his porker as they challenge the conventions and expectations with subtle humor and respect.As the piglet grows bigger through the great job of fattening up by Mrs. Hoggit , he makes friends with an elderly ewe who conveys much wisdom about the rules of farm life , where Rex is the dominant dog , and the sheep are considered ignorant . However , Farmer Hoggit and Babe share a special relationship that confounds his wife , the sheep dogs , and the sheep . He trains Babe how to herd sheep and he 's a mighty smart and fast learner , ultimately changing the rules that dominated the pecking order of the barnyard motto - `` because that 's the way it 's always been '' with his good manners and friendship.James Cromwell as Farmer Arthur Hoggit gives an understated , superb performance as the patient farmer who is willing to give a young pig a chance . This is one of the most delightful family films and perfect for seasonal get-togethers , or just because it 's a nice change to see film devoid of inane car chases , mindless explosions , and peppered with four letter words , yet , adult in its message . Every home library should have its own copy of little Babe , a Pig of Destiny .
 This truly is a gem of a film . Everyone I know loves this movie , young and old . I simply adore it . You cant help but smile with every scene . Its just a joyful type of film . Everybody will fall in love with the pig named Babe after watching it .
 Who does n't love a talking pig ? This bears repeated watching . My husband likes it even more than my son .
 Great family movie , especially for small children . No violence , lots of humor without age barriers . All seen from the perspective of a young &#34; outcast , stereotyped &#34; pig who overcomes the inaccurate assumptions of who and what he truly is . Only to prove to be a hero for many . Instead of an under &#34; dog &#34; , Babe earns his way to a leader .
 Brings a smile to my face just thinking abot it . British humour , clever animation , heart-warming story . Loved it . I suppose small kids might find the nasty cat scary but otherwise it 's fun for all .
 This movie is entertaining for both children and adults . The story is engaging and the special effects are mezmerizing . Only the most hardened individuals would dislike this movie .
 This is the most encouraging and bravest movie in my life.Even when I am profoundly disappointed , It always gives me power to get back .
 This is a great family movie and my son and I really enjoyed watching it . We will probably be watching this again . It 's so cute !
 It was just as good as I remembered ! The grand kids -LRB- 2 & 4 -RRB- sat mesmerized for the entire movie ! Ttkhanks for the nice afternoon !
 I have always had a soft spot for pigs for some reason which just makes this film even better for me . I love everthing about this movie , especially the score . I ca n't get the song `` If I Had Words '' out of my head -LRB- not that that is a bad thing-I really , really like the tune . BABE is a film for the entire family and that is a really good thing , to paraphrase Martha Stewart !
 Babe was a surprise contender for Best Picture in 1995 . It has elements which make it sound like a formula for a cloyingly sweet kiddie film , namely talking animals , a pig that wants to be a sheepdog , singing mice , a farmer who seldom talks paired with a wife who seldom stops talking . But the component parts were so skillfully crafted , so lovingly combined into a heart-warming and tear-inducing modern fairy tale , that they became a favorite movie for millions of people , a movie which will stand the test of time.The Blu-ray edition is an improvement over the DVD mostly because the resolution is increased for proper presentation on today 's larger television screens . Fine detail is good but not spectacular , colors and contrasts are sharp . The talking animals are consistently lifelike and smoothly believable . Voice characterizations are remarkably well done , particularly Babe , the old sheep Maa , the sheepdogs Rex and Fly , and the self-described `` anorexic duck '' named Ferdinand.James Cromwell is Farmer Hoggett , who wins a piglet at the fair . Because Hoggett is a man of very few words , playing the character made Cromwell worry that he was n't really acting . Director Chris Noonan assured him that he was doing more acting without words than most actors did with words , and his Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor proved the point.The simple story is told with charm and emotion . The lyrically pastoral setting has at its center a farmhouse with an almost fantasy appearance , occupied by the farmer and his wife who are a comically matched pair of opposites . And the animals are amazing , with the Jim Henson creatures being so lifelike that you have to watch the film two or three times to tell the mechanical creations from the live animals.Watch Babe with the kids . Or maybe watch it on your own , so they do n't see the moistening of your eyes when the little pig is told by the mean spirited cat that pigs are only kept by humans for use as food ; or when Farmer Hoggett sings Babe out of his depression ; or when the two of them together triumph at the sheepdog trials . This is filmmaking that restores a sense of magic to the craft , and creates a story worth visiting again and again .
 Kept my 2 year old interested which is hard to do !!! The ending is . Little weird bc it feels lime something is missing but cute movie overall !
 That is the cutest movie ever I will share with the grandkids . I am sure they will love it as much as I did . A Classic movie about never giving up .
 I have no idea what corporate dolt made the decision not to release this film in a letterbox edition , but it utterly mars the DVD version of one of my favorite films from the last ten years . The reason I buy DVDs is because of the superior picture , but one of the reasons DVD is superior is the fact that you can see the full -- i.e. , letterboxed -- picture . This DVD chops off each side of one of the most visually beautiful films made in recent cinema . This decision was just a dreadful mistake . This is a film I would purchase on DVD if only it were available in letterboxed format.Still , I give BABE five stars because the film itself is just so delightful . I think most viewers focus on the story , and I am enough of a kid that I enjoyed it thoroughly . But other things seem to get overlooked . The human performances are just as charming as the animals , and if Magda Szubanski and James Cromwell -LRB- who received a well deserved Oscar nomination for his role as Farmer Hoggett -RRB- had n't been so superb , the movie would have been nothing but a technical display . The art direction for this movie does n't get the praise it deserves , probably because people perceive it to be a kid 's film . But very , very few films look this good ; the art directors created a unique , beautiful , and magical looking world.Interestingly , the person who did the voice for Babe is Christine Cavanaugh , who does the voice of Chuckie on Rugrats . The voice for Babe in BABE
 This is the story about Farmer Hoggett 's pig Babe . Farmer Hoggett wins Babe at the fair . Since he was not a pig farmer , he did not think too much of this creature other than the possibility of a good Christmas dinner.Since Babe was the runt of the litter , he was not ready to eat by Christmas . This was a good thing since Babe had skills like no other pig . It was discovered that Babe was able to do all the work generally assigned to a sheepdog!To the outside world , Farmer Hoggett looked like a nice man who had mental problems . Despite what people thought , he did not care . He just went on doing his own thing his own way . In the end his pig , Babe , won the sheepdog finals.While it is obviously not a true or even likely story , it is quite humorous and very entertaining . I would recommend this move if you are in need of a good laugh ! It is fun for the whole family !
 It has been called the `` Citizen Kane of talking pig pictures '' , but it is much more entertaining and original that that . It exists on many levels -LRB- like Gulliver 's Travels -RRB- , and all of them are very good , and perhaps great . The DTS version has great sound .
 Even thought i 'm not five years old , I have to admit I really liked this movie , because it was veyr much so sweet . Babe was the cutest pig with such a sweet heart ! lol And I loved those singing mice ... The movie was well directed . . and the story was well written . My friends and I do watch this film , I admit lol . And we love when the little Babe sings `` LAA LAA LAA LAA LAAA '' It 's really a sweet family movie , and even if you think your too old for it , you 'll end up liking it .
 BABE is a wonderful movie , but this DVD does not allow the viewer to skip thru the previews . Once the movie begins you can skip around , but you have to sit thru a bunch of previews EVERY TIME your kid watches this movie .
 The critical acclaim for this movie was unlike any given to a G-rated attraction in many , many years . Kenneth Turan described it as `` the closest to perfection ever achieved in the making of a movie '' . Dozens of other reviewers believed that it was the first time a film had matched the charm and inspiration of the first Walt Disney movies -LRB- Snow White , Pinocchio , etc. -RRB- This attention is wholeheartedly justified . This is a remarkable movie which should take its place with The Wizard of Oz and other family perennials . What is truly marvelous is that the filmmakers have enough confidence in their story that they believe it can stand alone without the `` wacky sidekicks '' and phony Broadway type musical numbers that plague today 's children 's films . This story concludes in a way so touching that it left tears in my eyes in a theater for the first time in my adult life.It was wonderful that it received a special effects Oscar , but it was a crime that one was not awarded to Chris Noonan . His direction resulted in the staging of scenes of such charm and visual poetry that they , in their own sentimental way , leave images as memorable as those from Ford , Hitchcock and Scorcese.This is the first movie that my wife and I saw together , and I really think it is that once in a generation movie that can create an atmosphere of love for anyone seeing it together .
 This is one of our all time favorite movies and we were happy to find it on DVD !
 I started to watch `` Babe '' once when it first came out on VHS and had gotten rave reviews . I do n't think I was in the mood to watch it and thought it was silly . So I only saw a few minutes of it.Recently , I visited friends and got to watch the whole movie . It was absolutely wonderful
 This is a very endearing film . This is a movie any one of any age can enjoy . My toddler watches it and has learned alot about caring and kindheartedness . My 68 year old father in law watched it and loved it just as much ! It 's one of the few films you can feel good about seeing and can watch over and over again and enjoy it every time !
 This movie is so cute and enjoyable . It is hard to find fault with this film . Sure there are a couple of parts that are kind of dumb , but it is a kids movie and it is positive , child appropriate and fun for adults too . I remember watching this when it came out -LRB- long before I had kids - when I was in college -RRB- . I loved it then and now that I have kids , I still like it . My memory of how good it was matched the current day experience . Worth the money !!!
 This is a great movie . There are a few parts -LRB- the opening scene for one -RRB- that I would have expected my kids to be afraid , but they were n't . They may be too young to actually understand what was happening . My kids are 2 and 4 . My 2 years old LOVES Babe . We 've watched this movie a few tiimes now and its enjoyable for the whole family each time . We have n't gotten bored with it yet .
 I 'm a 22 year old guy , and I love this flick , it 's great family fun , and Even I like it haha . It 's got a ton of adorable animals and a pretty good story line . A must have if you have any kid under 13 years old , or just dorky kids like me !!
 Okay , so maybe the `` talking animals '' thing is n't realistic , and the `` pig herding sheep '' thing is n't , either . But the story is so cute and entertaining ! I felt so sorry for Babe in the beginning , and almost as proud as the farmer when Babe would do something good such as herding the sheep . I also liked how each part of the movie had a title telling you what to expect . And the singing mice ... oh , they were so cute and funny ! I wish they would have shown more close-ups of them!Overall , though not worthy of an Academy Award , this is a great movie ! It was much better then I expected . Some parts might disturb very small children , but other then that I think that this is a great family movie ! Babe is a very likable main character and his friends are enjoable and occasionally funny . But under the sweet covering is the moral that the director wants for you to walk away with ... how would you like to be slaughtered for food ? But though this may affect some , I am sad to say that I am still eating bacon and pork . Anyway , this is a good movie that children and grown-ups alike will enjoy .
 This movie is a very tricky movie , because he has the look of be a film for Kids , but a kids never will see what an adult can see , the kids will enjoy the ride , the animals , but an adult will enjoy the message the powefull message hidden behind that funny look , of animal , I recommend this movie , and have to say that is one of the best movies of all time . really . See this movie you dont will be disappointed . I recommend see the Babe Pig in the city too , is more dark is true , but has another good message , and really amazing special effects , you never will discover when a animal is amde for cimputer , really good .
 the talking mice are hilarious!The pig thinks he 's a sheep pig!The movie is the best of pig movies ! The puppies are so cute !!!!!!!
 The pigs are n't the most popular animals in the world for good reasons , but this particular little pig , named Babe , will win your sympathy even if you hate animal films in general , because Babe can perform several tasks that only a dog can do and Babe also has a heart of gold , and even the most straight-faced creatures in the movie begin to develop sympathy for the pig . `` Babe '' has a lot of colorful , wild and funny animals that join the little Babe in this charming adventure , you will see a duck that thinks that is a rooster , brave dogs , a little mice chorus and a gentle sheep , among many others . The music in `` Babe '' is nice , funny and charming . The special effects are simple but very effective , the animals really look like they were talking.The cinematography is colorful and presents beautiful landscapes . Definitely this is the kind of movie that is recommendable for the children because is sweet , tender and the movie has a good message . But the film is amusing for teenagers and grown-ups as well , because the movie has depth in every area ,
 I think that many kids know the fabolous story about the pig Babe and he his fantastic adventures on Hogget 's farm in Australia , and it deserved the Oscar nomination for Best Picture in 1996 very well.The well acted animals , the human characters , like the crazy Hogget family , the timeless landscapes , and the beautyful music makes this an classic family movie nobody will forget , and for the kids who saw ` Charlotte 's Web ' -LRB- Many people in Scandinavia do n't know about this movie , they should re-release it ! -RRB- , they will love this movie too !
 Wonderfull Movie for the entire family
 When I first saw Babe I walked out thinking
 One of the most beautiful films I have ever seen.This little pig is so gorgeous and has such a big heart of gold you will never forget it.It will make you want to see this film over and over again even if you are older than 6 . Try it you ' l love it .
 This talkng pig will steal your heart . The story is wonderful for adults and children alike , and the effects are so believable you 'll feel like the animals really can talk .
 It 's easy to see why Rhythm and Hues won an academy award for their work on Babe . The visual effects are so good that for a minute you actually forget that animals do n't talk .
 IT THINK TAHT THE TILE OF MY REVIEW SAYS IT ALL . I HAVE NEVER MEET ANYBODY WHO DID NOT LIKE THIS MOVIE . I THINK IT SHOULD HAVE WON BEST PICTURE THE YEAR IT WAS NOMINATED .
 I 've loved Babe since I read the book when I was young . Having grown up on a farm , my family and I watch it annually . It 's adorable !
 its actually a 10 star movie but Amazon does n't go that far ! I think both Babe and Babe in the City are wonderful !
 My nieces , 5 year old twins , spend every other Saturday with me and I 'm careful to make sure they watch movies approved by their parents . Babe had parental approval . I bought this and it arrived while they were at my place . I popped it in and they absolutely loved it - the dogs , the sheep , the mice , and most of all , Babe . It was wonderful to watch with them the way I had with my three sons . My brother and sister-in-law said that the girls now go around saying ` That 'll do , pig , that 'll do ' to their cats and dog .
 This is a great movie . I purchased it for my 4 year old nephew so we could watch it together . He loves the talking animals .
 My granddaughter and I have watched this many times when she was home from school . Its an absolutely wonderful movie that features Saint Saens Organ Symphony for its music . It teaches life lessons and exposes my grandchild to exquisite music . I 'm delighted with my purchase .
 I loved the barnyard goings-on of the animals , and the great interaction with their human `` masters '' ... a movie not to be missed .
 Wonderful movie ! Came in the mail quickly and perfectly ! I love the ease of being able to find any movie on here !
 great shipping on a great movie , bought it for my grandson and he just loves it and I enjoy watching it with him
 The movie is made for children but it doesnt mean adults can not sit together and watch it . This movie for sure serves the purpose its made for . . bringing smiles to our faces and help us feel warm inside . just like Tom and Jerry , Spongebob , Mickey Mouse - this too is a movie that is made for one group but everyone is welcomed to enjoy .
 This is a very touching movie that you 'll want to watch . I ca n't believe I had n't seen . All I 'm going to say is to STOP reading this and watch it ! Ok STOP now just click on the play button and watch it . You will in no way regret .
 A great film for children to think about where their food comes from -LRB- `` Where 's the mummy pig going ? '' ? `` What 's the man doing with that chicken ? '' -RRB- but it will also encourage an enduring empathy with the animal world . Oh and it 's fun !
 This is one movie that truly is great for small kids and adults ! Ths story is fresh and original , the special effects are superb and the script is beautiful and the lessons taught are valuable . This teaches the importance of good manners , tolerance and imagination . I 've seen this movie with my 2 year old like 50 times and I still love it .
 The story is wonderful and so is the music . Big thumbs up ! My son loves this movie and so do I.
 Babe is one of the rare films I could watch over and over , and it 's certainly among my top ten favorites . It 's funny , it 's heart-breaking , and it 's inspiring . These may seem like odd descriptions considering this is a film about a talking pig . But it 's so much more than that . Babe , the pig , is purchased as a baby by a farmer , while his mother and siblings meet the unfortunate fate of most pigs.As the sole pig on the farm , Babe struggles for acceptance and is `` adopted '' by a dog who is mothering her own pups . Yes , all the animals talk , and the voice acting work is excellent.James Cromwell is great as the quiet , proud farmer . Babe goes to great -LRB- and adorable -RRB- lengths to please him . The final scene of the film will either make you cry tears of happiness , stand up and cheer , or a combination of both.Whether you 're an adult who has n't seen this film , or you 'd like a movie to watch with your children , Babe is a must see .
 Great family fun . Safe for all ages . Nothing offensive in wardrobe , language , or plot . truly a safe family fun movie .
 love this movie -- absolutely adorable . Very well done movie with live animals -- brilliant and so much fun . All ages will love it
 With an idyllic setting , moral and social conflicts , fear and courage , friendship and family , imagination and faith , BABE touches the heart and head . This is a timeless , magical tale ... . subtle and substantive , for viewers of all ages .
 I have n't received my order yet but I know the movie well . It truly is one of my favorite movies ever . It 's really quite sophisticated ; mote than you would expect from a talking pig movie . It was nominated for best picture when it came out in -LRB- 1997 -RRB- . Just a clever and darling movie . I wanted to give a fun movie to my niece and her children . Most people have seen &#34; A Christmas Story , &#34; so I decided on this one . &#34; Milo and Otis &#34; is another talking animal movie that is a lot of fun too .
 There needs to be more cartoon movies with cows and farm animals , as most toddlers love seeing animals and making animal noises .
 I bought this for my niece and nephew , partly because it 's so old I knew that would n't own it already . But upon re-watching it , I was struck by how gentle it seemed compared to most of what they see . The story is well paced , but not frantically so . And how many kids these days are familiar with old school farm life and animals?A wonderful live-action movie for the whole family . No gratuitous violence , no wisecracking animated characters making &#34; hip &#34; pop culture references or winks at other movies . Farm animals with distinct personalities and voices that convey character and intelligence . Full of comedy and drama . Great life lessons and a triumphant ending . One scary dog fight and a near escape from death from the title character , but compared to the violence of video games and other movies , I think kids can handle it .
 Love -LRB- LOVE ! -RRB- this movie ! If you say you do n't love Babe then you 're just lying to yourself . Great movie at any age !
 GREAT heartfelt movie . Twists and turns you do n't expect . Could watch it every day and not tire of it . Love the song , &#34; If I had Words &#34; ... brings a tear every time !
 You have kids.You 're kids like to read stories -LRB- and watch movies -RRB- 1,000 of times over and over and over ... If ya got ta watch a story several time , this movie is a sure-winner . There 's lots of things in here for both parents and kids. : - -RRB-
 This is one of my top five favorite movies of all time . I am 39 and female . If I need a pick me up , I put on this movie . Others have said that this is a depressing and unhappy movie . There certainly are sad parts . But , life is sometimes sad and Babe 's consistantly upbeat attitude with life always lifts my spirit . The last scene with the sheep always brings tears to my eyes . I have n't shared this movie with my 2 year old son yet . But , one day , I want him to see it . The real lesson this film sends is life can be tough and hard but that we can find beauty and happiness when we try . What better lesson can we teach a child ?
 Babe is the only series of films that through playing the theme song I actually start tearing up . The first one is simple , and so meaningful . Every moment is crafted to stick in a persons head forever , and that makes the film that much more precious . Everything about this DVD is excellent , but what I ask is , where is the WIDESCREEN VERSION ! The images in this film are so meticulously crafted , depths of fields are perfect , composition is subtle , but it really matters . Everything about this movie is quite brilliant , but the DVD is lacking the original filmmakes vision to it 's fullest extent . Yes buy this film , because it is the best of the available editions of it , but be prepared when half a sheep in the foreground is cut off , or when Babe and His Owner walk onto the field at the end , and it does n't seem half as big as when you saw it at the movie theatre , and therefore far less imposing . And I give it a 4 out of 5 because of that alone .
 arguabley , This is the best Family movie perhaps of all time . It 's values and production perfect , as well as the story . A movie the whole family will enjoy from the youngest kids to Grandpa . `` that ` ill do pig that ` ill do ''
 I simply adore this movie . It is a modern fairytale . Watching it for the 1st time was like being immersed in a magical land . . Timeless and without a place ... a true fairytale!It is a bit dark -LRB- as most true folk/fairytales are -RRB- but that just gives it enough of an edge to make it that much more so complex.A beautiful , delightful and enchantment !
 Trust me , `` Babe '' , although written and filmed later , was much better than the other major pig movie , `` Charlotte 's Web '' . What are the highlights ? How do they dominate those of the 1973 so-called `` timeless classic '' ? Allow me to explain .1 . Babe himself . The main pig of the story is the one who deserves to be so . He earns his right to a long life , unlike Wilbur , who begs and cries until the spider agrees to help . Babe becomes a sheepdog and excels in doing so .2 . It 's not dumb or cheesy . When I was a young kid , I loved both movies , but now that I 'm older , I decided to pull both of my childhood favorites out of the dusty video pile to see how they live up . Babe kept the charm and integrity I remember . Charlotte 's Web did n't . Babe 's destination
 The story opens to ` Babe ' at the pig farm with his mother , brothers and sisters enjoying an affectionate family moment . Out of the blue the mother is dragged away to ` pig paradise ' , a place so wonderful that no pig has been known to come back . Because Babe has such a special loving heart he is crying in his pen and is thus easy to catch when a couple of farmers arrive to catch a baby pig to take to the fair for a ` guess the weight of the pig ' fund raiser . In this way is Babe saved from the butchers knife for the first , but not the last , time , and thus begins his life on ` Hoggett Farm ' . Here he meets many animal friends , is adopted by an Australian Shepherd Mother dog who has had to say farewell to her puppies , and finds his place , eventually , herding sheep who respond to him because he is such a nice little pig and always polite . This movie broaches some pretty serious issues -LRB- first of all - yes - people do eat pigs , and ducks too , but also subtler ones like stepping out of your predetermined niche in society , being kind and loving when it does n't always seem benificial on the surface of things , that sometimes people -LRB- or animals -RRB- can appear ` bad ' because of bad things that have happened to them -RRB- , yet does so in such a gentle , caring and humorous way that even the youngest child is unlikely to be upset by it . The imagery is very lush , old fashioned and ` romantic ' , the acting is superb . And HOW DID THEY DO THE ANIMATION ?? It is beyond me . You would swear that these really are talking animals . Adults and children will enjoy this film . My daughter fell in love with it when she was less than a year old and I have seen it easily fifty times now . I still love it . I can not find a flaw in the plot , the acting , the deeper philosophical issues brought up . It is just about a perfect film in every way .
 I was given some free passes to see this film right before it came out . I had seen the trailers , and they looked cute , but if I had n't gotten the free passes , I might have skipped over this gem . This is far more than a children 's movie.The voice of the pig is absolutely perfect ... sweet , innocent and believable . Babe 's tender heart will remind you of Wilbur from E.B. White 's `` Charlotte 's Web '' but this is a story in its own right ... and there is no talking spider.James Cromwell received an Oscar nomination for his role as Farmer Hoggett , a sweet , somewhat hen-pecked sheep farmer who wins the piglet as a prize in a county fair.Babe is a lonely little piglet ... he 's had to say goodbye to his siblings and his mother at a tender age and is thrust into a barn with all sorts of strange animals he 's never seen before . All of the animals , dogs , horses , the cows , etc. feel sorry for Babe and look out for him . There is rivalry with the top Border Collie , but Babe 's sweet and innocent disposition wins the hearts of all reluctant farm dwellers.The farmer 's wife initially sees Babe as just a ham on legs , but the farmer sees more and finds a friend that changes his life.It is impossible to see this film and not get at least a lump in your throat and many scenes will make you laugh outloud . I wish the DVD included more features , like a behind-the-scenes featurette outlining how they got the animatronics -LRB- which won a much deserved Oscar -RRB- to work . Perhaps it was felt that children would be dismayed that the pig really ca n't talk or that it took nearly 30 pigs to make the film due to the speed in which they grow into 1-ton hogs ... I 'm not sure , but as an adult , i would have enjoyed seeing more features on the DVD . This is still a wonderful family film and unforgettable and sweet characters .
 I am a film buff , who never had much interest in children 's films , because they were either cloying , patronizing , or incredibly manipulative . This one is different . This film does what any great film should do-involve you in the many layers , subtexts and subtleties of the film . While many would say , well , its just a story about a pig - I say-quite wrong ! I am always attracted to the well-constructed story , and yes , this film is better than the book . Not because you can see it - I often prefer books to movies , because I create all the scenes in my imagination . It is because it plumbs deeper than the book , to create something as rare as the perfect short story - the perfect fable . All great fables teach us something about life - and that is what BABE does so splendidly . Indeed , life and goodness shine through beautifully in this film . And truth - BABE does not shrink from showing us reality . It seems to be such a little story - and its not . Yet , it is highly enjoyable , and it is even more rewarding for adults than children-although it is a perfect family film . I cried buckets when I saw this film in the theater , because it brought back memories of my childhood , when a lonely girl created an imaginary landscape of talking animals in the forest . The film appealed to me on so many levels , though . Move over Les Enfants du Pardis - BABE is now my favorite film , and I highly recommend this film to you . END
 Babe was a runaway success in 1995 . It even got a best picture nomination and in my mind should have won . This is a fantastic movie , sure to delight children from 2-100 . Chris Noonan has created the modern farmyard parable . He deftly brings you into his world of talking animals centered around that most amicable of pigs , Babe . While the sheepdogs rule the farm , Babe warms the heart of sheep and dog alike , and eventually farmer Hoggett much to the chagrin of his wife who is counting the days to the next big feast . Ultimately Babe is spared as farmer Hoggett comes to realize he has a most unusual pig on his hands . Babe finds himself welcomed into the fold , rising to the ultimately status of being able to come into the house on miserable nights , at the expense of the house cat . All these animals are played wonderfully off each other . The voices could n't be better . Farmer Hoggett eventually puts Babe to the ultimate challenge , the great sheepherding competition , which brings out a raucous reaction from the crowd . But Babe soon silences them . This movie has everything one could want in a children 's movie and more . It deserves its place among the classics of all time .
 I stayed away from the theaters when this movie was playing , suspicious that it was just another over-hyped Disney-like film . I rue that decision now , for I missed the chance to share it firsthand with dozens of undoubtedly delighted families . As the critics have duly noted , this movie is already a classic in every sense of the word . Far better than `` Charlotte 's Web '' and indeed all the other `` animal '' films , it has inaugurated a cinematic genre . Neither the brooding parody of Orwell 's `` Animal Farm '' nor the frivolous antics of Looney Tunes , `` Babe '' has shown that it is possible to entertain with animals while making one think about the unavoidable lessons of life . This movie succeeds on so many levels , as its many Oscar nominations indicated , that one has to believe that creative genius was behind it . The screenplay is accessible to children yet retains moments of adult wit reminiscent of `` Peanuts . '' This careful use of language to convey simple truths may explain some of the film 's broad appeal . But its heart-warming , life-affirming message , delivered as it is by the most unassuming of characters -- a pig -- explains the rest . If you 've been hesitant like me to even watch , much less buy this film , do yourself a favor and rush out to rent it . -LRB- Indeed it has almost made me into a vegetarian , but that 's another story -RRB- . Then the film itself will convince you to add it to your home video library . You and your family will treasure it for years to come .
 The movie Babe is so completely filled with memorable and hilarious gags and scenes and one-liners that it 's hard to pick a favorite.I 'm a sheep pig.Baa-Ram-Ewe . The goose flapping outside the window.The farmer 's wife passing out on the motel bed.Etc. , etc. , etc. . . Marvelous , marvelous tale of a little pig on an Australian farm who is adopted by the farmer 's border collie and trained to herd sheep . The improbable movie turned into the surprise hit of 1995 , the video has probably been bought by more families than any other film of recent memory . With its message of hope and salvation , it 's a hilarious and sentimental film you can watch again and again .
 Disappointed in Babe
 When a little orphaned pig named Babe is taken in by Arthur Hoggett , the magic begins . He befriends all of the animals on the farm and becomes a `` sheep pig , '' doing the Border Collies Fly and Rex 's work just as well as the dogs themselves . Babe later wins a sheep-dog contest , proving that even the seemingly impossible is possible.This brilliantly made film is an endearing family movie without being too sweet or sugar-coated . Adults and children alike will be delighted by the pleasant , and often funny , storylthe ine , as well as the talking animals like Fly , who takes care of Babe like she does her own puppies , and the trio of mice who sing songs like `` Blue Moon . '' Underneath its surface , the movie holds an important moral
 Brilliant film-making comes in many guises , and `` Babe '' clearly and abundantly falls within this rarified realm . With a compelling , fanciful storyline , peerless acting and seamless animation/real-life imagery , and the quiet assurance of James Cromwell 's Academy award nominated portrayal of the taciturn , yet soulful Farmer Hoggett , this movie consistent manages to appeal to the viewer 's heart , mind , funny bone and soul . From the uproarious -LRB- a wacky goose who faces possible slaughter for a Yuletide meal proclaiming `` Christmas is carnage ... Christmas is CARNAGE ! '' -RRB- to gentle , real love between a man and his pig -LRB- not that kind of love , you perverts ! -RRB- , as Farmer Hoggett gently admonishes his porcine sheepdog , `` That 'll do , pig . That 'll do '' , as they take the grand prize at the Sheep Hearding contest at the film 's heart-wrentching conclusion , this movie belongs in the pantheon of great and original films . -LSB- As to the reviewer here who decried the film as `` cruel '' , I feel compelled to reply that the only cruelty was your failure to let your children see the movie through to its beautiful conclusion . Death is a part of life -- heck , Walt Disney whacked Bambi 's mom in what many consider the definitive children 's movie -- and this film deals with death responsibly and gently . Likewise , and to the best of my recollection , none of the central characters meets its demise , though I would concede that perhaps the implied death -LRB- very off screen -RRB- of Babe 's mother may be upsetting to children under the age of 5 or 6 . -RSB-
 If you are n't willing to admit that a movie with a talking pig as its star can be a great movie , you have to tell me what label to use for this wonderful and touching film . It is special in so many ways that I have to admit it is one of my favorite films . My kids make fun of me for it , but I do n't really care.I went to this movie in the theaters with no expectations beyond spending some time with my kids watching a goofy film . And I have to admit that the first few minutes in the pig factory had me apprehensive about the motives of the film . But when Hoggett -LRB- James Cromwell -RRB- and the pig regard each other at the fair , well , I started to be won over . By the time Ferdinand the Duck crows like a rooster , I was with the movie 100 % . The whole look of the movie is unique . The voices of the animals are all great and they are given fabulous lines . Mrs. Hoggett -LRB- Magda Szubanski -RRB- is fab-u-lous as the silent farmer 's ambitious and talkative wife.There are so many wonderful things about the movie that I can not name them all , but when Hoggett sings and then dances -LRB- ! -RRB- for Babe to try and inspire the recovery of the pig , well , that is a great scene of all time as far as I am concerned . Magical . How Cromwell created and embodied this character I will never understand . Hoggett is a perfect character for the role he is playing as the man with the taciturn outside and the off the wall inside that can see the sheep pig where his wife sees only meals . How many lessons for life are there in that ? They are hard to number.And who does n't love Ferdinand leading Babe into the house to try and steal the alarm clock that Ferdinand sees as a threat to his life because it is a mechanical rooster . Since he is a duck the farmer will eat he has become a rooster and now he wo n't even be needed as that . The funniest bit is when , and you might miss it , all heck breaks loose later in the movie and Ferdinand says `` Rinnggg Rinnggg '' trying to be the mechanical rooster.And not enough good things can be said for the wonderful voice Christine Cavanaugh gives to Babe . It is perfect and thought the second movie is very good , it never reaches the perfections of this movie .
 I saw this in the theater with my wife . I had read a favorable review . We loved it . It ought to become a `` classic '' family movie . The sequel did n't live up to the original , but I tend to feel that way about many other movie sequels . We have grandchildren now , so I wanted to add this to our disney classics and other family friendly movies .
 This is by far the best film ever . I love this story . The characters , the soundtrack , the location . WOW ! A great addition to your family collection at home !
 I bought Babe for my grandson . He calls it the `` Pig Movie '' and watches it daily . He loves to watch the animals talk and laugh !
 What 's not to love , we did from the first time we ever saw it . Needed to add it to our collection , again -LRB- seems we loaned it out somewhere along the line . . -RRB- . Husband got his 46 '' LCD last Christmas and have found that it was like seeing the movies anew , especially when we could get the widescreen version , so this time that was a requirement . Blu-Ray is still too expensive to make sense , and ca n't play them in the RV when we travel . The stores did n't seem to have it in stock , so Internet shopping was the only way . This was a perfect fit for home and away , Grandson -LRB- 9 -RRB- loved it as much as we did during our recent `` Adventure '' to Mt Rushmore . Process was simple and fast , had the product in less than a week .
 This saved my life !! My son is so happy . Came quick and in great condition .
 This is a terrific family feel good movie . I love the voiceovers and it gives a great message !
 My husband and I saw this on a non-commercial movie channel . We are both animal `` nuts '' and really enjoyed it so I ordered it for my 2 year old grandson . He loves it . It 's a lovely movie and is very refreshing compared to the smart alleck children 's movies of today .
 This truly is a movie that can be enjoyed by animal lovers of all ages . Young children will enjoy the talking animals and their antics ; older children and adults will appreciate the sociological nuances in this well-crafted fable .
 A fable celebrating the triumph of the improbable in the face of convention . Clever use of storybook titles , narrative , lighting & music make this a captivating experience . Ntl Soc Film Critics , Best Film . Golden Globe Best Film -LRB- music / comedy -RRB- . 6 Academy Award nominations incl Best Director
 Very cute story and great for kids ! If you are an animal lover , this is the movie for you !
 Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics , Noonan 's irresistible `` Babe '' is a story about flouting convention and realizing one 's potential . With its live menagerie of talking ducks , sheep , dogs , and a Greek chorus of mice mirroring the human pecking order , this Oscar-nominated film puts an intelligent , absorbing spin on self-betterment . Clever , rousing entertainment for everyone in your stable .
 This was a great movie , and was shipped in a reasonable time , and was in great condition just as described . Would deffinately do business again .
 Babe is a little pig who does n't quite know his place in the world . With a bunch of odd friends , like Ferdinand the duck who thinks he is a rooster and Fly the dog he calls mom , Babe realizes that he has the makings to become the greatest sheeppig of all time . After seeing this movie , I could n't bring myself to eat another animal ever again .
 They released a fullscreen DVD version with NO extras . How dare they do that to a film shot so beautifully and carefully as this one ! It deserves WIDESCREEN and extras.The film itself is 5 star ... this DVD is 0 . And I round 2.5 to 2 . Until the next release of the DVD at fullscreen you may as well stick to your video tape version ! : -LRB- EDIT
 The dvd is great for Spanish as well as English speaking households . Both languages are well dubbed and the cinematography is magnificently beautiful . The Spanish version contributes a quirkier , more ethnic humor that just can not be translated into English . Highly recommended , you will want to see it over and over again . Wish there was a widescreen version .
 `` Babe '' is a perfect film - funny , touching , wise . I , as many people , thought this was simply a kiddy film and I resisted seeing it . How wrong I was ! Underneath the funny story line is a message of faith , love , loss , and tolerance . These messages are not lost on kids - there is much to learn from this wonderful film .
 This is the story of a survivor , the only little pig not to get taken to the butcher . He was just a little pink pig , and what was his usefulness . The family cat told him he was the bacon on the family table , the pork chops in the freezer . So little pink Babe had to prove his worth , and thereby not become a meal on the family table.He could talk to the sheep and the sheep finally listened because they thought he was such a sweet little thing . He could round them up and tell them to do stuff and they would do it because he was always polite when he asked.At the county fair , there was a sheep rounding contest . All the other contestants had dogs , but it was Babe the Pig who won.I 'm sure anyone who watches TV on a regular basis has seen this sweet little movie . If you have not seen it , you are missing a great show . I highly recommend the movie Babe .
 `` Babe '' comes the closest to being a perfect film out of anything I 've seen . Everything in the film should be there , and nothing seems to be missing -- the funny touches with the mice , the love between Babe and Farmer Hogget , the themes on family and self-identity -- any adult or child can watch this movie and love it .
 This is the best movie I have EVER seen ! I just love watching this movie over and over again ! it 's a great movie , and I still watch it , although I 'm a teenager ! I just love animals and it 's the perfect movie for us !
 an absolute classic one of kind movie that shows hollywood still makes great movies ... by the way my rca dvd player has no problems skiping over the previews . so those ones that complained about it dont listen . if they would spend more than 50 cents for their dvd players and stop complaining they would enjoy this great motion picture . morons !! and they wonder why america is so fat too lazy to press a button even if they have to watch a few trailers big deal . did they think about scene access ??????????????????????
 When it comes to children 's movies , `` Babe '' pretty much corners the market on successful genre characteristics with its talking animals , simple humor , & heartfelt story.For a basic plot summary , `` Babe '' tells the story of a pig who , after losing his mother , gets brought to a small family farm . Having lived in a pen most of his young life , the pig -LRB- christened Babe -RRB- must quickly acclimate to life with other animals . After viewing the sheep dogs and their respected place in the eyes of Farmer Hoggett -LRB- James Cromwell -RRB- , Babe sets out on an unlikely quest to become a sheep-herder of his own.For kids , `` Babe '' will enthrall in nearly every scene . There is oddball humor -LRB- always a favorite for the youngsters -RRB- , crazy sight gags , and enough emotional moments to even make the kiddies care about little Babe.For adults , the film does juuuust enough to keep you interested . Cromwell 's performance as the farmer is very nuanced , while the overall farming atmosphere will appeal to many older viewers.Overall , then , I consider Babe to be a solid children 's effort . I 'd recommend not frying up a pan of bacon anytime soon after viewing , however , lest your child -LRB- ren -RRB- become a little weepy -LRB- ! -RRB- . All in all , a great family film .
 What is the definition of personification ? Provide an example . This movie is about a pig that talks , hangs out in the house , herds sheep , saves sheep , fights wild dogs , and fights with cats . If that 's not enough it also features an old man dancing a jig to some serious Celtic tunes . Score ! Sound awesome ? It is . Go watch it . This movie even makes sheep herding appear awesome and exciting . Amazing!Personification : The attribution of a personal nature or human characteristics to something nonhuman , or the representation of an abstract quality in human form.One last note
 The thing I do n't get is that they say everything about the movie but yet the most important thing in the world where was it filmed , I checked the case and it says nothing on it where it was filmed.Iv ' e been trying to find the place on the enternet and close ' t thing I can find to resemble where the movie was filmed is England but is everyone saying that it was filmed in Austrailia I do n't belevie that how could austrailia be so beautiful like that .
 Wonderful film for all ages to watch . `` Pig '' seems so genuine and feeling . The film makers did a great job in creating this ! -LRB- Only 1 drawback
 I seldom wrote any comments . But , this time I just felt that I had to say something about this movie -- to me , it 's simply the best movie ever made in the 20th century . What really is amazing may not only reside in the fantastic acting of those animals , but in the fact that it 's got some deep phylosophical meaning -LRB- or `` nothingness '' , in Satre 's word ! -RRB- with the story per se -- it reminds us that sometimes -LRB- or , in better terms , all times -RRB- we human beings may just have taken things too seriously ... And in this sense , the champion sheep-pig is more human than us ... Should you want to share some wiews with me , just write to af5520@wayne.edu -- P.S.
 The very best talking pig oriented film of the nineties NOT to include Louis Rukeyser ; but still in my estimation the film suffers from this STAGGERINGLY TITANIC OMISSION ! For shame ...
 A fun , heart-warming movie with a quirky twist . I really enjoyed this movie as a light-hearted look at life on a farm . It is suitable for all ages . It does not contain any bad language , sex or strong violence . The basic story premise speaks to the child in all of us and in my opinion is far superior than the sequel -LRB- Babe - Pig in the City -RRB- . The performances by the artists and puppeteers from Jim Henson Creature Shop , the Animatronics robotic animals and the real animals are seamless . A big plus that the film was shot on location in Australia and used a lot of local talent . A movie one could see again and again and find new things to enjoy each time .
 THIS HAS GOT TO BE ON MOST PARENT 'S TOP TEN LIST OF CHILDREN 'S FAVORITES . AFTER WE RENTED THIS DVD FOR YEARS I FINALLY PURCHASED IT . IT 'S HARD NOT SITTING DOWN WITH THEM TO WATCH THIS FOR THE UMPTEENTH TIME . THE STORY AND THE CHARACTERS ARE FANTASTIC .
 I was given a copy of BABE on DVD a couple of years ago as a gift -LRB- my girlfriend -- who loves pigs -- knew this is one of my favorite movies -RRB- , but I was thoroughly disgusted to find , upon putting in in the DVD player , that it was a FULLSCREEN edition . I did n't even bother to finish rewatching it . I was further disgusted to learn that a widescreen edition did n't even exist.I was ecstatic to learn while Christmas shopping that a widescreen edition had recently been released . I snatched a copy of immediately , and I am happy to report that the movie was as good as I remembered it being . The film was nominated for Best Picture at the Oscar , and I was pulling hard for it to beat the bathetic and overblown BRAVEHEART for the award . Unfortunately , the best film did not win -LRB- as so oftens happens -RRB- . I can not recommend this movie strongly enough .
 The beginning of the film starts with narration how Babe goes to the farm and what happen to Babe before he comes . The most notable feature of this film is personification of animals . Particularly , in the conversation of animals , a mouth moves . It supposed to be used special effects . It describes realistically like people & iexcl ; s talking , by using the expression & iexcl ; s changes as well . This film is based on the fairy tale , for that reason , a narrator appears and explains about the story during the film like an orally narrated fairy tale . In addition , it divides into several chapters , which is also like reading a fairy tale . And this film uses music quite appropriately , especially , when the incidents happen . For example , the music expresses the situation that makes tension or intimation . Interesting thing is the feature of animals , which are personified ; they have a discipline in their own way like the human society . There is a leader who is a male sheepdog , named & iexcl ; Rex & iexcl ; . Like this , they are all like human . After Babe comes to the farm , it happens some chances that Babe break the rule . When he becomes a sheep-pig , he does not use his authority and threats to lamb like other sheepdogs , but he asks his favor to them politely . Finally , this film states humanity and morality . At the last happy ending scene , the bright sunlight talks this . As the whole , this seems to be like a fairy tale book , a farm , a hill and animals , all the background of this film are like one scene of the nursery story . The reason why this can be possible is the special effects . This film can not be said except special effects , it is the most significant part of this work . For example , special effects are related to every animal & iexcl ; s movement , features , expressions , in particular , when they have a conversation , the motion of their mouth and also singing mice . In fact , this film has a simple plot that one pig , named & iexcl ; Babe & iexcl ; , becomes a sheepdog and wins a first prize at the sheepdog contest . However , sometimes simplicity is better than complexity like this fairy tale for adults .
 the other reviewers here tell about this movie far better than i can . but i had such a strong reaction to this movie i HAD to add a repetitious YES ! buy this movie . i saw this in a theatre , and as expected was one of the few adults there . i embarrassed myself by helpless crying at the end of the movie . it was SO HAPPY of a movie ! the first time i saw Its a Wonderful Life i cried and cried too . like the Jimmy Stewart movie , Babe is so life-affirming and positive . i call these movies in the ` make lemonade out of lemons ' category , but say it so strongly without too much sentiment or sugary pollyanna statements . the humor is perfectly pitched , and appropriate .
 A totally inspired surprise , this little piggy is one of the most charming films ever . The tale of an orphaned piglet who develops into , of all things , a sheepherding dog , its story will enthrall both children and adults alike . Despite the adorable talking animals and bucolic setting , the story is grounded in the basic realities of farm life and the position animals hold within the human world . As a result , it has a darker , at times more menacing edge than most such films - but nothing that should frighten or disturb anyone but the smallest of children . Terrific performances by all , seamless animatronic special effects , and well-deserved Oscar nominations -LRB- including Best Film -RRB- and a Best Supporting Actor win for James Cromwell as Farmer Hoggett . And the ending , where Babe is entered in a sheepherding competition , is as rousing and heartwarming as any sports finale ever filmed .
 It 's not just the cute animals and the clever voice-over animation that make this endlessly watchable by all ages - it 's an anti- `` Animal Farm , '' just as intelligent in its vision of society and well-observed actual animal characteristics that are both metaphors for human society and excellent portrayals of animal life , but also witty , sometimes ROTFL-funny , and genuinely moving . I 'm sure the upcoming sequel will be just as cute and well-animated but I do n't see how anything can touch the multi-layered story of the original .
 To your fleece , to your flock , to your breed be true !!! Bah ! Ram ! Ewe!And as Farmer Hoggett said , &#34; That 'll do pig ... &#34;
 This was purchased for our animal-loving daughter who was five at the time but uninterested in seeing it -LRB- ????? -RRB- We brought it out a year later and played it and she LOVED it ... LOVES it : -RRB- A good , sweet movie with a lovely ending .
 I usually do n't see animal or kiddie movies . This one wasdifferent . When I first saw it I loved Cromwell character of a simplecountry farmer and I also liked his dumpling of a wife . I also loved the landscape and the tale of a creature who is taken in by surrogate parents -LRB- like in `` Tarzan '' and `` The Jungle Book '' -RRB- . If you want to see one of the funniest sequences in recent films , look at the scene with the duck trying to literally save its own neck . The film delves into the world of animals , if they could talk , think and feel . It did n't quite make me a vegetarian but it did make me think twice about how the Thanksgiving turkey felt before he ended up on my plate . I also love that song Cromwell sings `` If I could make a new day for you ... '' .
 Just watched blu version , after finding blu/dvd combo for cheap elsewhere . OMGoodness ! I first saw in '95 in theater , then later on dvd -LRB- as bought here -RRB- , but this blu is a revelation ! Reference quality video -LRB- the outdoors especially , as filmed in South Wales , Australia -RRB- . To sum up
 Based on Dick King-Smith 's bookThe Sheep-Pig -LRB- New Windmills -RRB- , a.k.a.Babe
 Please do not let the negative reviews of this wonderful movie due to the previews at the beginning of the DVD affect your purchasing this classic . Yes , the previews are a minor annoyance , but as long as you have a fast forward , you can use that and get through the previews in a matter of seconds . This is a classic film for the whole family , with that wonderful ending ... `` That 'll do pig , that 'll do '' .
 If you love movies that portray anthropomorphized animals , or if you are one of those who think that pigs have been unfairly portrayed negatively , this one is for you . The farm animals speak to each other . The cat and dogs realize their value . The duck and pig are concerned that they have no role other than that of being eaten by humans.So the duck and pig each try nontraditional roles
 That 's all I 'm saying - this movie screams out for Blu-ray ! It 's one of my top ten movies of all time , and has been for years . That 'll do .
 Every Christmas , a parade of family-oriented DVDs flood stores , some very good , most mediocre and quickly forgettable , but this season , may I suggest a Classic that is n't holiday-oriented , but has more heart and love than you 'll find in a stocking-full of themed releases ? I strongly recommend 1995 's `` Babe '' . A live-action -LRB- enhanced with puppets and animation -RRB- tale of an orphaned pig -LRB- voiced by Christine Cavanaugh -RRB- , the understanding farmer who ` adopts ' him -LRB- James Cromwell , who is FABULOUS ! -RRB- , and the barnyard animals who become his family , the film sparkles from the opening credits until the closing ones , enriched by a warm , wise narration by Roscoe Lee Browne . Chapters are introduced by three of the most lovable mice you 'll ever encounter , and the chapter about Christmas , while only a small part of the story , is hilarious -LRB- the farm 's somewhat paranoid duck , realizing what the main course of the holiday dinner will be , shrieks `` Christmas is CARNAGE ! '' -RRB- . While most farm-oriented family films tend to be either too juvenile or too cloyingly saccharin , `` Babe '' never falls into either rut , succeeding in being cute enough to enchant children , and sly enough to appeal to adults ... and it is very , very funny , to boot ! I dare you NOT to smile when Farmer Hoggett sings and dances for the sick pig , or when Babe does his ` stuff ' at the Sheepdog Championship -LRB- I , myself , get teary-eyed , but I 'm a sentimental kind of guy ! -RRB- If you have n't seen `` Babe '' , or are searching for a movie the entire family will enjoy , you ca n't do better than this !
 Babe is the cutest movie . I 'm a teacher , and I would n't hesitate to show it to my classes . Children love it , and adults love it too . You can accept it just for the fun story plot , or you can enjoy looking deeper into the symbolisms and moral issues embedded . Shipping was timely .
 I first saw this movie in a theater with my family . I thought that it was a well made movie . The special effects with the little mice singing , and the ` talking ' animals , are cute . This basically is a movie about finding out who you are , and where you belong . Babe wants to help out on the farm , and because he is a pig , the other animals do n't think that he would be good with rounding up the sheep . Because of his gentleness and politeness , the sheep agree to help him . The other animals see his ability to do this purely because of his kind heart . This is a very gentle movie . One that all parents should get . -LRB- There is one small 10 second scene with a dogfight -RRB- . Nothing major . The two dogs , -LRB- male and female -RRB- get along at the end .
 I remember when this movie first came out and I said I 'm never gon na watch this crap . Then my family was like oh come on . You got ta watch this movie . They finally got me to watch it after I got bribed with Taco Bell and man , I was put to shame about what I said about this movie . It captured my heart from start to finish . Babe shows us that pigs can also get respect on the farm . He 's adorable , lovable , funny , nice , and smart and finds his identidy as a `` sheep pig . '' At first he 's being clowned about it but as the movie goes on , you see what happens . The other character that I like is Ferdinand . He is really funny . There are some sad parts like when Babe has his mother taken away from him and when Ma gets killed by the dog but every great movie needs adversity . I hate The Oscars but James Cromwell won best supporting actor for his role as Farmer Hoggett and that 's one of my very few reasons why I like The Oscars . This is a movie for all ages with one of the best movie endings of all-time !
 Going into the movie , I expected a silly children 's story that would be unappealing to anyone older than seven . I was terribly wrong . `` Babe '' is a beautiful movie . It has a near perfect blend of tension , comedy , and heartfelt drama . What may be most surprising about the film is that all of this comes from talking animals -LRB- and a fine performance by James Cromwell as Farmer Hoggett -RRB- . The movie has a timeless , magical quality that is helped by its excellent cinematography . The film works both as a delightful children 's story and a pattern of beautiful metaphors , including a powerful one of a child 's relation to their parent or even as a person 's relation to God . `` Babe '' also includes an excellent musical score using a nice variation on Saint Saen 's Symphony No. 3 . `` Babe '' is a treat for the whole family and an instant classic .
 This is the movie which I have guided my young children too , so that we can both enjoy it on the 50th viewing.It is visually terrific , the script and delivery have great little twists . The message of respect and communication is well delivered -LRB- and not saccharine -RRB- . I think Entetainment Weekly magazine was right when it included Babe as one of the timeless classics produced in the 1990 's .
 Babe , a little piglet lives on a farm . He becomes friends with all of the other animals that live on the farm also . He has quite a personality for such a little pig . The family that owns the farm intend to make him their holiday dinner , but this brave little pig shows that he can heard sheep . And he becomes a very loved and needed pig -LRB- quite an asset to the man and his wife -RRB- . This little pig becomes quite a legend and is respected by all . This movie will warm your heart and soul and should be in everyone 's home library . After you see this movie , you will look at pigs in a different way . As animals that are very sensitive , smart , cute and cuddly . This little pig will remind you of your favorite pet , whether it be a dog or cat . Babe is a movie to be enjoyed for many years to come and one that you will want to watch over and over again and not get bored . Babe is a movie that will go down in history and gives pigs the respect that they so deserve . I highly recommend it to anyone who has a heart and soul . Those who do n't , will truly miss out on such a wonderful film ...
 A friend of mine told me , `` See this movie . It 's about a talking pig . '' I said , `` You have GOT to be kidding . '' But on his continued urging , I saw it -LRB- in the theatre , no less -RRB- because this particular friend is n't really the kind to be moved by just another cute talking animal movie.I was just flatly blown away , in tears many times , left the theatre singing the beautiful hymnic song set to the Saint-Saens melody , replaying my favorite scenes over and over in my head ... I bought the VHS the instant it came out , and the DVD the instant / it / came out . And like my friend , I say to you
 The critical acclaim for this movie was unlike any given to a G-rated attraction in many , many years . Kenneth Turan described it as `` the closest to perfection ever achieved in the making of a movie '' . Dozens of other reviewers declared that it was the first time that a film from another producer had matched the charm and inspiration of the first Disney movies -LRB- Snow White , Pinocchio , etc. -RRB- This praise was wholeheartedly justified for a movie which deserves a place next to Disney 's best and The Wizard of Oz among Hollywood 's most beloved family perennials . What is truly marvelous is that the filmmakers had enough confidence in their story that they believe it can stand alone without the joke book jokes and phony Broadway type musical numbers that plague today 's children 's films . And that story concludes in a way so touching that it left tears in my eyes in a theater for the first time in my adult life.It was wonderful that it received a special effects Oscar , but it was a crime that one was not awarded to Christopher Noonan . His direction resulted in the staging of scenes of such charm and visual poetry that they , in their own sentimental way , leave images as memorable as those from Ford , Hitchcock and Scorsese.This is the first movie that my wife and I ever saw together , and I regard it as a once in a generation film that can create an atmosphere of love for anyone seeing it together . -LRB- You will see a lot of reviews here with complaints about the advertising content of earlier DVD packages from Universal . The Blu-Ray can be purchased with complete confidence as the ad content is minimal and easily avoided . -RRB-
 This is a most endearing Australian family film and one of my favorites by far . Babe is the new addition to Hogget 's farm after being romoved from his mother and won by chance at the town fair by Mr. Hogget himself . There Babe learns his life lessons and , `` the way things are '' according to each animal along with his roll , purpose and supposed destiny on the Hogget farm . While being reared by Fly , part of Hogget 's Sheep dog team , Babe takes an interest into changing his own destiny , which was nothing short of becomming Christmas dinner sooner or later.Farmer Hogget , noticing the pig 's insistance in hearding and seperating animals decides to do something crazy and go with his gut . With Fly on the injured list and Rex not able to compete any longer , Hogget enters Babe into the `` Sheep Dog '' competion as nothing less than just `` pig '' . This is a film which shows that nothing short of persistance , believing in one self and having a big heart will out weigh all the odds stacked against you . Children and adults of all ages will love this little Aussie fable right down to the ending leaving you with a smile on your face , a giggle in your own heart and a warm glow inside .
 Yippie-Skippie and Jumpin ` Jackrabbits ! I could never imagine having a children 's popcorn/movie night that did not include the option of watching one of my treasured favorites , BABE , a magnificent , timeless classic from Universal Pictures . Reality-based truths with affectionate , well-spoken farmyard animals entertain as the star of the show carries your heart through multiple quests and challenges . You 'll find yourself ` rooting ' for the entire cast of animal characters as kindness , goodness , wholesome , healthy attitudes prevail for a most remarkable ending ... for a pig , of course . Children appreciate the chance to view such a film that gives them the freedom to think and apply the same healthy attitudes learned from the movie in their own lives . Do n't let a child grow up without viewing this film at least a dozen times ... even if that child is YOU!Patricia Watkins ~ author of BOYD-FRIEND
 This is a story of Love , Compassion , and Understanding . As any good film maker is required to provide , a Story must be told . You wo n't be let down . But , if you do n't like animals talking to each other , then you should avoid this movie -LRB- cold hearted son-of-a-gun you may be -RRB- The `` story '' -LRB- narration adds the gravey -RRB- , is what makes this eternal and complete . Find it and buy it ! Kids will love it ... Grandma and Grandpa too . If you 're 20 something - ... `` That 'll Do '' .
 An excellant movie which fits both kids and adults . The storyline is unbelievable , but then how do you understand what animals are saying to each other in times of stress .
 Babe is a marvelous family classic ! The movie tells the story of an innocent piglet who befriends animals on a farm and becomes especially close to a sheepdog named Fly . With Fly 's help and all of the animals on the farm , Babe enters a sheepherding competition . Will Babe win the competition even though he is just a piglet ? Watch the movie for yourself ! I liked this movie a lot because all of the animals are great actors and have personalities similar to people . At times I wondered if the animals were just extremely well-trained or if the use of animatronics was this effective . The dubbing was also wonderful . The format the movie uses to tell the story is like a children 's storybook , with each chapter telling an interesting story with a moral . The movie is also well directed . I especially liked the scene where Babe is trying to steal the farmer 's alarm clock because director Chris Noonan used suspenseful music to make the audience more anticipated . I recommend this movie to children ages 4 and up because very little kids will still be able to enjoy it . The movie delivers a positive message that you can do anything despite your appearance . Babe is one of the many classics brought to your home by HDnet movies on KidScene , a morning and Friday night programming block specifically for kids and families . by Gabriella Chu , age 14 , KIDS FIRST ! Film Critic
 I had seen this several years ago and recently our grandson was asked to make a report on the film . I was only too glad to order it from Amazon and found it even more delightful than the first time my wife and I watched it . A great story for all ages .
 My autistic grandson loves certain parts of this movie . He originally purchased by accident no knowing it was a rental but having seen it before . Babe is a down to earth , intelligent and heart warming movie .
 Babe is a wonderful movie for adults as well as children ! Full of humor , great acting , talent and beautiful scenery ! A perfect movie for animal lovers . -LRB- Both farm animals and house pets , such as a cat ! -RRB- It has a happy ending for all ! We would watch it again and again ! We loved BABE and the Border Collies !
 I totally LOVE this movie since i was 2 years old . Now when i hear the songs , it brings back many memorise . Not to mention this movie was a total sucsess ! It almost won some award . but i think it won some other ones too ! Great movie ! Love it ! : -RRB-
 This has beed on my top favorite movie lists since i was 2 years old . the songs are GREAT ! It reminds me of my childhood . This story has talking animals but they do n't talk to humans . It is very sweet and charming and you will be missing out on a lot of you do n't watch it ! Great family movie !
 Love the movie , this is a fun and a safe movie for children and adults to watch together to spend some quality time . Using real animals gave the movie a fun twist when they would talk . With funny parts , and a nice ending , this movie made us all happy .
 Gift for Christmas arrived timely , Product as described . This was a gift to Secret Santa they were surprised and pleased to receive . Good Job Amazon .
 There are many great films out there , but Babe could be the best of them all . Seriously , the message is awesome and fun and heartwarming . It 's everything a film could be and more . I dare you not to love Babe . You ca n't not do it !
 I saw it in cinema one day after class with my classmate when I was still living in California . We were around 20 at the time and we laughed out loud like the children around when we saw the duck knocking at the window !
 Please disregard the statement below that reads -LRB- and I quote -RRB-
 It seems like a silly idea , does n't it ? A pig who can talk . Oh , wait , is n't that sort of like `` Charolette 's Web '' . Aside from the talking animals this computer and live action film is quite different . I was pleased by the complexities of the characters and surprised at how well the human actors interacted with digitally enhanced animal actors . No really scary moments so little should be able to enjoy this too .
 Funny , lyrical , visually sumptuous , compellingly written and , above all , wise , `` Babe '' must be hailed as a film classic . A coming of age film set in a barnyard , a magical , gifted pig steals our hearts and easily makes us believers ! You will fall in love with the movie , both its humans and animals , and be knocked out by its innovative filmmaking . This is animation at its best , a realistic 3-dimensional fully realized vision that transports and entertains us every step of the way.This original is light , airy and breezy , though not without its insightful moments and life lessons . It 's also markedly different from its follow-up - the commercially disappointing , but equally eloquent triumph `` Babe - Pig in the City '' . `` Pig '' is moodier and darker - an edgy unexpectedly surreal vision -LRB- and still BRILLIANT AS WELL ! -RRB- This is the underdog -LRB- in th is case the under-pig -RRB- movie of all time - equal parts magic and tonic . I say - PIG OUT !
 What can I say about the movie that has n't been said already ? It is wonderful ! And this DTS-DVD adds near-perfect picture quality , fine surround sound with more directional effects than `` Apollo 13 '' and an outstanding orchestral score . Family entertainment at its best . / / I 've returned today , over one and a half years after I initially wrote the review above , to add some information because in the meantime I have purchased the German DVD release of the movie , which comes with an anamorphic widescreen transfer and DD 5.1 sound . While the Dolby Digital soundtrack -LRB- in English language -RRB- is clearly inferior to the DTS sound of this DVD here -LRB- the only time so far I 've actually been able to determine an audible difference between DTS and DD 5.1 -RRB- , it needs to be said that the picture composition of this release does suffer from the pan & scan 4:3 transfer . While the image quality of this transfer can still be rated as excellent , is has become apparent to me that the sweeping landscapes look much better in widescreen . After all , it is what the filmmakers had intended . So if you own a 16x9 TV , you have to make up your mind between a great widescreen image of some other release of this movie and the outstanding DTS soundtrack of this one . If your TV is in 4:3 , the choice may be a little easier .
 I 'd like to add my voice to the chorus here . :
 Babe is one of the most creative movies I 've ever seen . It can not be called an old Hollywood formula movie at all . James Cromwell gave a great performance .
 this movie shows that anyone or any pig can do whatever they set their mind to . the sheepdog in the movie looks just like my dog
 this movie is so adorable ! I am 16 years old and it has been my favorite from the start . Do n't have any worries when you purchase this video . It is worth ever penny and is sure to bring you lots of laughs and tears .
 Not only extremely entertaining , but an important lesson in life . You owe it to yourself to watch this movie . If you have kids , every time they watch it -LRB- instead of ??? cartoons -RRB- they will be becoming better persons .
 `` this is the story of an unpredjudiced heart and how it changed out valley forever . '' Babe will change you forever , too ! it 's one of the best-written films ever made , it 's the best , and ferdinand -LRB- the duck -RRB- Rules ...
 Babe is not to be missed ! It is a classic which will charm and delight both young and old for years to come . I have received rave reviews whenever I have given this video as a gift . BABE is a treasure !
 Ferdinand the duck screaming `` Christmas is Carnage '' is right on the money . People eat ham , turkey , lamb and so on on holidays and do n't understand that animals do have feelings . They do n't understand about the world as much as the ones in this film do , but then humans do n't understand what happens to non-humans in the factory farms and slaughterhouses . In fact , this film paints a rosy picture of life for animals that humans eat . It 's awfully nice for those dogs and pigs and cows and sheep living on that farm , and this can be misleading to children . But it hopefully makes them understand that eating another living being is , indeed , WRONG . You can turn a blind eye to the facts if you like and tell yourself that killing a pig for your Christmas dinner is a-ok , but perhaps this film will tell you otherwise .
 Does anyone remember seeing a movie called BABE ? Maybe about 15 years , or so , ago ? It is a story about Babe , a pig who is raised by sheepdogs , and learns to herd sheep , with a little help from Farmer Hoggett , played by James Cromwell.I have never been able to forget that mean cat in this movie who said to Babe , `` You do n't have a purpose . `` Worse than that ? The look on Babe 's face when she realized she had no purpose - that was a killer . Babe was perfectly happy before being asked that question but suddenly was so deflated . That cat was really a rotten cat ! Or was she ? Maybe Babe needed this incident , cruel as it was , to make her desire a purpose!There is a wonderful barnyard filled with animals , all with a purpose . All delightful . Do you remember James Cromwell , the farmer?I am writing a story on Finding Your Purpose and using the song James Cromwell sang ... If I Had Words . I think seeing this scene reminds me of how excited GOD might have been right after he created Adam . Having foreknowledge does not mean you ca n't be happy and excited -LRB- in the moment -RRB- when something wonderful happens . Cromwell has dust on his finger nails from working on the farm ; the LORD God formed man of dust from the ground so would he have had dust on his fingernails ? Imagine that!This movie , aside from entertaining , made me think a lot about having a purpose and what my purpose was . What a great teaching tool that was for me ! Everyone is born with a purpose and gifted for that purpose from his or her mother 's womb . We often miss it but we wander around a lifetime until we find it - that is , if we keep seeking for happiness and being fully alive.God gave Adam a purpose right off - he gives us all a purpose built in - a chip ? maybe in the soul ? maybe ? But he gave us a purpose and will have given us the gifts to fulfill that purpose . We should all look for that purpose!One day , maybe today , he will rejoice over us with singing - Zephaniah 3:17 The LORD , your God , is in your midst , a warrior who gives victory ; he will rejoice over you with gladness , he will renew you * in his love ; he will exult over you with loud singing as on a day of festival.Surely he will when we find our purpose and use it.Go track down If I Had Words and be entertained by James Cromwell .
 I have always thought that this film will always be 1,000 times better than anything that Disney could ever put out . It is well acted and directed . If you want to be a great parent , let your kids watch this film rather than `` Beauty and the Beast '' or `` The Lion King . ''
 Since my childhood days of watching episodes of Mister Ed , the talking horse . I often wondered how long it took to teach Mister Ed to just move his lips ? The voice man stood in the wings and through his voice . Finally , this little gem came along . I never thought they could pull it off technically and visually adding voice and mouth movement to the animals . And the animals acted so well . Just as convincing as their human counterparts . ` Babe ' was such a hit in 1995 that it was nominated in five categories and won one for the visual effects . A very worthy and well-deserved win . ` Babe ' can be enjoyed by everyone young and old . I would recommended it as one of my top favorite children 's film . As with some fate , Babe is saved from an unfortunate destiny , where all pigs must go . Babe and Farmer Hoggett paths cross at a country fair . Hoggett and Babe from that moment something passed between them . Hoggett guesses the weight of the little pig in a contest . Later that that week , Hoggett is notified as the winner . It 's when Hoggett brings Babe to his new home , Babe meets a menagarie of farm animals that take a liking to their new addition to the Hoggett farm . Babe is adopted by Fly , an Australian border collie . Babe makes friends with a duck who thinks he 's a rooster as cover from being a main course for Christmas dinner . Babe also makes friends with an ailing old ewe , Ma.One day , Farmer Hoggett allows Babe to accompany him and the sheepdogs in the fields where the sheep grazed . There Fly teaches Babe the art of being a sheep-pig . But , Babe also learns another valuable lesson in tending sheep . It 's a test if Babe is cutout to be a good sheep-pig . With Ma 's help the sheep co-operate with Babe . To Farmer Hoggett 's amazement in Babe 's special gift he enters Babe in annual sheepherding trials . In due time , Babe is put through the practice and confronts wolves who kill one of the sheep . Farmer Hoggett thinking Babe killed one of the sheep . Does it mean the death sentence for poor Babe ? But Fly comes to Babe 's rescue and saves the day for Babe . There 's the jealous , bad cat out to get Babe when she snidely tells Babe of the pig 's true purpose . Babe thinking that the Boss would in time eat him , Babe goes to Fly and ask if it were true . When Fly tells Babe the truth , Babe runs away in the rainy night . Next day , Fly and Farmer Hoggett find Babe taken by the cold rain and Hoggett nursed him back to health . Then the big day come and Hoggett and Babe go to the trials with a little surprise for the judges . Can Babe the sheep-pig prove himself good and be the next sheepherding champ ? Bet you know the answer already . I 'd recommend Babe to anyone of all ages , especially to parents with small children . It 's a darling , captivating tale with a lesson for all . Do n't let anyone tell you that you ca n't do something , until you prove them wrong . There 's another film about another talking pig , ` Gordy ' you may like , too .
 Absolutely splendid film , enjoyable by both children -LRB- other than the very young -RRB- and adults alike . The big disappointment , though , is the lack of widescreen format , especially missed in a film with such breathtaking cinematography , for which I 've docked this DVD a star . Now available at half the price in a two-DVD package with the lesser sequel , `` Babe
 i ` ve seen it last 1995 and it was really great i could not even shut my mouth because it ` s real fun.it was a great job indeed , the three blind mice narrating and what i ` ve enjoyed so much was that when babe sang a christmas carol.i would like to extend my warmest congratulations to everybody who made this movie an excellent one as well those who played the role of each characters.i salute u !
 Always fun to watch ! Got one for 3 yr old & One for me / grandma.I Love &#34; Babe &#34; and always wanted it for myself , to have forever !
 2 year old loves this movie. , she watches it every day. , she loves the pig in the movie and all the other animals
 I really love this movie . I got it for my grandkids for Christmas , as somehow they had never seen it !
 Had to replace the VHS Babe as I gave it to my daughter and I did n't want to deprive myself of such a heart warming movie .
 suitable for wide span of ages , adults included ... beautifully made . One of my favorite &#34; kid &#34; movies of all time ! watch it
 what can you say about a movie about a pig . They grand kids loved it and have watched it many times .
 Great family movie . I did not expect to enjoy this movie but , to my surprise , it was actually quite heart-warming .
 This is one of my very favorite moves to watch , and now my 3 yr old loves it too , the animals really seem to talk , and very good story line , all around great family movie
 Digital copy!Wonderful , loved it and glad to have had it will be adding more of the digital copies to my library .
 Is it pointless to write a review on a movie that was produced 15 years ago ? Or that was nominated for a slew of Oscar awards , and has therefore already generated a litany of viewer reviews covering every aspect of the movie ? Or whose simplicity belies a richness and intricacy that defies simple explanation ? Indeed , it probably is . But as we approach the two-decade mark since Babe was released , I 'd nevertheless like to take a moment to write just why this movie is one of the most powerful and touching I 've ever seen.Babe is thought of as a kid 's movie , and , in some ways , it is . But it 's a mistake to sum this work up as solely a kid 's movie . This is a movie that strikes deep into the soul and heart of the viewer , one that pricks at some of the basic undercurrents of life itself , and forces one to rethink these deep issues through the lens of innocence , honesty , and curiosity . Yes , it 's delightful ; yes , its funny ; indeed , its charming . But it is far more than that . This work deeply challenges us to think about `` the way things are , '' and brings forth some of the realities of life in a way that few movies ever do . Yes , kids can watch this and enjoy it from beginning to end . But virtually any adult should be able to see within its first five minutes that this is not your typical movie `` fare '' - kid or otherwise - and that the story has an emotive power and subtext that is both completely unexpected and incredibly rich.The story in Babe is straightforward . A pig ends up on a farm , tries to figure out his `` place '' on that farm , eventually discovers that he , too , has a place there , in spite of his own fears that he might not . Oh , yes , and he 's a talented creature , too . That 's about it.Actually , that 's the main storyline that supports a magical world of powerful , emotional , and thought-provoking events , a laboratory test tube of the greater world that has more the trappings of a gilded box than a rabbit 's cage . But even the entertaining and unusual events of the movie are only the setting for the more important themes of the storyline . Throughout of the story , Babe is faced with a series of realities that challenge his innocence at every turn and threaten to change his sweet nature into a cynical outlook towards all things human and animal . Repeatedly , the pig must make a choice between trust and bitterness as his knowledge of his world expands . He is enticed by a duck trying to rescue his own life through a criminal act ; is tormented by a self-serving cat undertaking revenge ; and is threatened by a mean-spirited , jealous dog who is living with a life disappointment that colors his daily experience.Babe is befriended by a man , a quiet and diminutive sheep-herder farmer , an unexceptional person who nonetheless somehow senses something unusual about this pig . The sheep-herder-farmer becomes the laughing stock of his friends , family , and community , but is nonetheless undeterred via a `` common sense of destiny . '' That destiny is threatened throughout the story , but although recognized only by Babe and the farmer , that destiny is seen by both through to the end , and we are all the wiser in seeing them do so.So what is `` Babe '' about ? It is about innocence , openness , prejudice , kindness , belief , fairness , and acceptance . But it is about more than that . It is also about sadness , tragedy , endurance , and guilt . It 's about `` the way things are . '' And the way that , perhaps , things should be.So , let the kids watch it and enjoy , and enjoy they will . The talking animals , the cuteness of the characters , and the gorgeously played and recorded music is a delightful romp through a magical world of enchanted reality . But as you watch it yourself , be drawn into the thought and reflection surrounding the messages of the film , and reflect on what it means . You 'll find it is not a simple , cute movie at all
 If you can suspend your disbelief and cynicism for an hour or two ... , then you may leave this movie feeling that despite all of our flaws that there is something good , true and dare I say it noble in all of us.You can read the other review for a synopsis of the film , but for me two scenes come to mind that reveal the true magic of this wonderful filmWhen James Cromwell as Farmer Hoggett sings and dances for the sick little pig , a truly human and tender gesture of affection for Babe , I find myself choking up with emotion -LRB- that 's not a tear , that 's a speck of dust in my eye -RRB- . Similarly when the Farmer Hoggett places his faith and trust in Babe to be able to perform in the sheep trial , when despite all the laughter and ridicule he stands firm , until the trial is over and the gate is closed , that moment my friends is pure bliss and transcendence.Perhaps it is become there are few characters as masculine or manly as an Australian farmer , but beneath his gruff exterior there lies a human being , and this film shows that sometimes despite what the world tells us , our humanity can only be found in our most human of moments.Cheers !
 A very cute story with lots of talking animals that children adore . It also teaches kids to think `` out of the box '' and that even a pig can be a sheepherder if he really wants to . We watch it over and over .
 Just the cutest , most heart-warming movie you ever saw ! I watch it whenever I 'm in a down mood and it brings me up immediately ! Ferdinand the Duck deserves his own movie !
 Since my childhood days of watching episodes of Mister Ed , the talking horse . I often wondered how long it took to teach Mister Ed to just move his lips ? The voice man stood in the wings and through his voice . Finally , this little gem came along . I never thought they could pull it off technically and visually adding voice and mouth movement to the animals . And the animals acted so well . Just as convincing as their human counterparts . ` Babe ' was such a hit in 1995 that it was nominated in five categories and won one for the visual effects . A very worthy and well-deserved win . ` Babe ' can be enjoyed by everyone young and old . I would recommended it as one of my top favorite children 's film . As with some fate , Babe is saved from an unfortunate destiny , where all pigs must go . Babe and Farmer Hoggett paths cross at a country fair . Hoggett and Babe from that moment something passed between them . Hoggett guesses the weight of the little pig in a contest . Later that that week , Hoggett is notified as the winner . It 's when Hoggett brings Babe to his new home , Babe meets a menagarie of farm animals that take a liking to their new addition to the Hoggett farm . Babe is adopted by Fly , an Australian border collie . Babe makes friends with a duck who thinks he 's a rooster as cover from being a main course for Christmas dinner . Babe also makes friends with an ailing old ewe , Ma.One day , Farmer Hoggett allows Babe to accompany him and the sheepdogs in the fields where the sheep grazed . There Fly teaches Babe the art of being a sheep-pig . But , Babe also learns another valuable lesson in tending sheep . It 's a test if Babe is cutout to be a good sheep-pig . With Ma 's help the sheep co-operate with Babe . To Farmer Hoggett 's amazement in Babe 's special gift he enters Babe in annual sheepherding trials . In due time , Babe is put through the practice and confronts wolves who kill one of the sheep . Farmer Hoggett thinking Babe killed one of the sheep . Does it mean the death sentence for poor Babe ? But Fly comes to Babe 's rescue and saves the day for Babe . There 's the jealous , bad cat out to get Babe when she snidely tells Babe of the pig 's true purpose . Babe thinking that the Boss would in time eat him , Babe goes to Fly and ask if it were true . When Fly tells Babe the truth , Babe runs away in the rainy night . Next day , Fly and Farmer Hoggett find Babe taken by the cold rain and Hoggett nursed him back to health . Then the big day come and Hoggett and Babe go to the trials with a little surprise for the judges . Can Babe the sheep-pig prove himself good and be the next sheepherding champ ? Bet you know the answer already . I 'd recommend Babe to anyone of all ages , especially to parents with small children . It 's a darling , captivating tale with a lesson for all . Do n't let anyone tell you that you ca n't do something , until you prove them wrong . There 's another film about another talking pig , ` Gordy ' you may like , too .
 I 'm a Disney man myself when it comes to animated children 's movies . Disney usually makes the best ones -LRB- the great Bug 's Life versus the OK Antz -- and the list goes on -RRB- . There are a few exceptions , and BABE heads the list . I got very weepy watching this one . And happy . And tickled . And I went out and bought the classical CD so that I could listen to the orchestral theme song in its entirety . I must say that it is an organ masterpiece with one flaw -- the theme that we hear so much of in BABE is stuck somewhere in one of the middle movements and lasts for about fifty seconds . Call me crazy , but I program my CD to replay this 50-second movement over and over again while I grade papers . I 'm thinking pig . I 'm thinking sheep-pig . BABE rocks !
 I 've seen this film several times since I bought it several years ago . The only bad thing about it is that it 's not in letterbox format , which I have always preferred to the pan-and-scan method . There are some TV shows these days that are in widescreen , so why is it that so many movies have never been released this way ? I 'm getting off the subject , though.I never really thought I 'd like this movie . The first thing I thought of when I heard it was out in theaters was , `` It 's ` Charlotte 's Web ' in a different form '' . Well , in a way this was accurate , but in other ways it was dead wrong . Yes , the animals do talk , but this is defintely not `` Charlotte 's Web '' ! I suppose I still have an image of the animated version of that book . Babe proves himself to be a much more capable pig , even if he is a little young and in need of some help sometimes , but I would have to say that I found this film much more endearing . It 's got heart and feeling to it , but it also is n't overly-sentimental or sappy . The animatronics are done very well . I 've seen films that use puppets or animatronics -LRB- think of them as mechanical puppets , like what the Henson people use -RRB- before and after I saw this film , and I think this film still has some of the best work in it . It 's very hard to tell which are the real animals and which are the mechanical.It 's also hard to tell where this film takes place . It looks as if it could be in Scotland or the USA . The landscape has a very timeless feel to it , too -- even though a fax machine is present in the film , I could n't help but feel that most of the film took place in a time before telephones.This is one of those films that adults would n't mind taking their kids to . Heck , I do n't even have any kids , but once I finally saw a copy of this movie at my friend 's house -LRB- he 's way older than me , and also has no kids -RRB- , I no longer thought he was a lunatic for owning a copy of a kid 's film . The opening credit sequences are some of my favorites , and I also enjoy the song the farmer sings to Babe -LRB- though one of the first things my friend did was buy a copy of the classical piece it was based on for me :-RRB- . This film will be in my collection for a very long time .
 When Babe came out it was a refreshing change to all the Tarantino foul mouthin and gun shootin tough guy business . This movie is in no way pointlessly ` controversial , ' it represents something more difficult to accomplish - a story that translates to all audiences.I dare you to hate a talking pig!I dare you !
 I do n't like schmaltz . I like a movie with a chip on its shoulder . Case in point
 This lovely and beautiful film was transferred beautifully onto DVD with ONLY a full-screen option and NO `` extras '' . Was there NO additional information or commentaries on how these INCREDIBLE and almost believable talking animal scenes were done or on James Cromwell 's fantastic -LRB- and Oscar-nominated -RRB- performance as Farmer Hoggett - who bonds with Babe the Pig and can think `` outside the box '' pretty well , allowing Babe the Sheep-Pig to fulfill his destiny.I have NO quarrel with the movie - one of my all-time top 10 , only with the DVD with NO extras !
 I rented Babe for a Friday movie night with my fiance who thought I had lost my mind ... a movie about a talking pig ? Well in a short time she stopped questioning my mental stability -LRB- at least as far as this movie is concerned -RRB- . She strongly agreed that this was a wonderful feel good movie . We have seen a lot of current movies that just left us annoyed by the end , Babe will leave you with a smile on your face . Do yourself a favor and watch it .
 This movie has long been a favorite of mine because of its charm , its simplicity and sweetness , and its message that sometimes the comforts of the conventional need some shaking up . With gentle humor , engaging characters , and some truly lovely scenes , the movie strives to show that breaking out of the mold is n't always a bad thing.Babe longs to be a sheepdog and his quest makes for an excellent metaphor about following one 's dreams and being true to one 's self regardless of the opposition . Perhaps the most wonderful thing about the movie is that Babe triumphs not because of his ambition or his ruthlessness but because of his sweetness and his genuinely nice nature . It is his politeness and his considerateness that helps him to emerge victorious in the end and when could n't the world use a little more kindness ? This is an ageless and wonderful message that is well worth sharing with children.James Cromwell is simply wonderful in this movie . Though a man of few words , he expresses so much just by the look on his face . One of the best scenes in the film , though , occurs when the farmer dances a jig to try to cheer up his little pig . It 's wonderful to see the tenderness he develops for his little pig and their devotion to one another says a lot about the nature of true friendship . There are mishaps and misunderstandings but , in the end , the two succeed because they remain faithful and loyal to one another.All in all , this is one of those rare family films that both children and adults can enjoy .
 I remember when this movie first came out and I said I 'm never gon na watch this crap . Then my family was like oh come on . You got ta watch this movie . They finally got me to watch it after I got bribed with Taco Bell and man , I was put to shame about what I said about this movie . It captured my heart from start to finish . Babe shows us that pigs can also get respect on the farm . He 's adorable , lovable , funny , nice , and smart and finds his identidy as a `` sheep pig . '' At first he 's being clowned about it but as the movie goes on , you see what happens . The other character that I like is Ferdinand . He is really funny . There are some sad parts like when Babe has his mother taken away from him and when Ma gets killed by the dog but every great movie needs adversity . I hate The Oscars but James Cromwell won best supporting actor for his role as Farmer Hoggett and that 's one of my very few reasons why I like The Oscars . This is a movie for all ages with one of the best movie endings of all-time !
 Ordered this for the grandkids and they love it ... Thanks Amazon for your prompt shipment ... Enjoy doing business with Amazon ... they make the whole process so easy .
 Babe is a great family movie ! Enjoyable and full of barnyard humor ! A great movie to watch when you need a `` pick me up '' and want to laugh ! There is also an underlying theme present that is a good morale to this story .
 I ca n't say much that other reviewers have n't already said . This is a sweet , charming movie with talking farm animals and a decent story . The characters of the animals are pulled off nicely , and if you enjoy films with talking animals , then give this a try !
 We never tire of watching this charming , funny movie with our kids . It stands the test of time . Highly recommend !
 I love this story about a pig who thinks he is a sheep . I love talking animals . But then I grew up on a farm . We enjoyed it even though we really bought it to have for our grandchildren to watch . My four-year-old grandson thought it was scary at first , so I 'd recommend it for ages 5 and above .
 Years ago when I first saw `` Babe '' in a movie theatre , it was sort of ho-hum . After viewing it again as a gift to my nephews -LRB- ages 5-7 -RRB- I finally `` got '' it ! Since the days of Aesop writers have used animals to make statements that are too profound for acceptance by adults . Now I would like to offer my best friends who are going through life 's challenges , the gift as expressed by the farmer to Babe . `` If I had words to make a day for you . '' Wow ! Just unsophisticated love .
 I remember going to see `` Babe '' in the movie theater when it came out . There 's a part , 2/3 of the way through , where Farmer Hoggett , Babe 's adoptive Dad -LRB- at least that 's what it feels like -RRB- , sings and dances a song to cheer up his depressed Babe . All through the movie , Farmer Hoggett is a serious man of few words . To see him sing and jump and throw up his hat , in an effort to get Babe to eat , was hilarious and touching . The whole theater roared with approval at the end of the song.I echo all the positive comments . This is a movie to cherish.And if ever you hear someone say , `` That 'll do , Pig . That 'll do . '' , you 'll know that they just put their absolute faith in someone running at 100 to 1 odds , and the long shot came through , out of love .
 This dvd should be in every collection of great movies . We loved it the first time andactually re-watch in at least once a year . Good old fashion love story between man and pig .
 awesome transaction . the product i received was exactly what i expectedI will be back to shop here !
 My grandaughter loved this movie and we have watched it several times now !
 As she reaches the ripe old age of twenty-seven , Catherine -LRB- Gwyneth Paltrow -RRB- struggles to come to grips with the death of her father , a brilliant mathematician -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- who suffered from mental illness . Inheriting her father 's genius and passion for numbers , Catherine left her own work five years earlier to care for her father through the past five years of his life . Catherine is also afraid that with her father 's brilliance , she is doomed to share his end , a concern exacerbated by her estranged sister Claire -LRB- Hope Davis -RRB- . Working with Catherine to sort through her father 's notebooks is Hal -LRB- Jake Gyllenhaal -RRB- , a PhD student . The film is about the discovery of a mathematician and the authorship of a brilliant proof.Hollywood portrayals of university campuses -LRB- er , campi -RRB- are often something of a stretch , but I found that in `` Proof , '' academia had a realistic feel . The campus itself is easy enough to show , with grand old buildings and manicured grounds , but to get a clear understanding , one needs to look into the buildings , into the professors ' offices and the discussions they have with their students . One needs to hear the students calling home to check on aging parents and dealing with conflicting demands on their time and attention . All of these elements were captured and presented effectively.Performances were uniformly well-done
 So , I have read the play . I would recommend reading it too . It is excellent . And knowing that this was originally a play , I was not exasperated at the isolated nature of the action , nor the intimacy and extent of the dialogue between characters , nor the simplicity of the story . In fact these factors aid in making this a terrific film.The acting for one is excellent . Since Paltrow has done alot of schlock in her career , despite being a good actor , I could n't recall the last time I thought she was compelling in a compelling film -LRB- director John Madden also made Shakespeare in Love -RRB- ... and Hopkins is Hopkins . There is a scene towards the end , between he and Paltrow , in the backyard , where he is on fire-he even says it-even though it 's snowing , and he really is . Paltrow can only stand there to bear witness to him burning up the screen and he is a joy to watch . Gyllenhaal is terrific too , as the love interest-outsider and intellectually ambitious Phd student ... Hope Davis is the villain of the piece , the manipulative sister who sweeps in to force the action . All together they are excellent.Drawn out a bit for film , David Auburn -LRB- who wrote the play -RRB- and Rebecca Miller -LRB- Arhur 's daughter -RRB- - as screenwriters-add several scenes , in schools , a funeral eulogy , a party , all to develope the campus atmosphere of these people 's lives , the academic family they belong to , and the intellectual pursuits that drive them.Paltrow is fantastic . Her ups and downs and mystery are compelling . The challenge of mental instability , familial politics , female intellectual regard , depression , ambitiousness , and the mystery and beauty of mathematics as high art , all resound in this film .
 There is n't much I can add to the terrific reviews already written . In addition to the excellent acting , directing , and adaptation of a screenplay , this is a truly excellent cautionary tale about leaping to conclusions -- including those about one 's own merit or lack of same -- and the dangers of letting yourself be defined by other people 's perceptions , however well-intended . This is one of the few films I have ever seen that I can honestly recommend to anyone .
 There 's a wonderful moment late in Proof where Catherine , Gwyneth Paltrow , says sadly to Hal , Jake Gyllenhaal , `` I think I 'm like my father . '' Hal , beaming , says , `` You are . `` What is so marvelous about this exchange is that both statements are correct , but the interaction is a case study in flawed data interpretation . Catherine means that she 's afraid she is mad , like her father . Indeed there is evidence enough that at the very least she is emotionally fragile and will succumb to serious mental illness at some point . But Hal is looking right through her fears , he means that she is like her father in that she is a brilliant mathematician . Ironically it is perhaps the latter of the two possibilities that causes Catherine greater fear.The other spellbinding moment is when she finally reads her father 's great proof out loud to him , as he demands . Without spoiling it I 'll just say that this brief scene illustrates the essential truth of the movie so powerfully that it is breathtaking.Proof was originally a play , so the emphasis is on dialogue , beat , structure , nuance , and revelation . Director Madden also gave us Shakespeare In Love , with Paltrow , so you know from the start you are in for a quality production . Jake Gyllenhaal is faultless as a young man fearlessly going where a wiser man would not , because Paltrow 's Catherine , while beguiling , is trouble . This is perhaps the movie 's greatest power , and Paltrow gives the best performance I 've ever seen her give.Catherine is a woman of contradictions , strong yet brittle , selfless yet self-absorbed , generous yet resentful , brash yet timid . She maintains this highly nuanced state throughout the film , and even though we can not understand her , -LRB- as she can not understand herself -RRB- , frequently become impatient with her , wonder if she put herself in the role of victim in order to wallow in it and use it as a weapon against others , we never stop caring about her and hoping she 'll be all right.This is a slightly different Paltrow , a little older , a little tougher , and her performance is incredibly confident - really a pleasure . About Anthony Hopkins what can one say , he is such a fire horse that at this point he must carry around a handful of performances like this in his hip pocket at all times - that said , he is absolutely on target.The sleeper in this movie is Hope Davis as Claire , Catherine 's sister . She is Catherine 's anti-matter , and their confrontations reveal much not just about them but also about their father . With her `` To-Do '' lists , which she neatly checks off , her clipped speech , and precise thoughts about Catherine 's future , Claire is the Uber-Yuppie from heck we all fear . The irony is that once we get beyond our initial dread we see that she has some valid points . Even the most elegant solution must be tested , Claire helps . A rich and deeply satisfying film .
 This is the story of a daughter of a brilliant mathematician who has also lost his mind . She 's fearful of developing the same condition . When her father dies , they discover mathematical proofs that could rock the world as we know it . The question is -- did her father write the proofs or did she ? This is a fascinating and intelligent drama . I found it difficult to follow due to so much of the story being told in flashbacks . In many ways , due to Hopkins 's excellent acting , the flashbacks were far more real than the storyline they were trying to portray in current time . Hopkins was almost too good of choice for the father -- he far overshadowed either of the lead 's performances .
 Gwyneth Paltrow returns to high drama after experimenting with some other material . A highly respected actress she finds her niche in this role with no trouble . She played the part on stage and obviously has it down cold.The story starts with her character seeing visions of her father -LRB- Sir Anthony Hopkins -RRB- who recently died . He was a brilliant mathematician who slipped into mental illness for a short time . He recovered briefly but then regressed back . During his regression and before his death , the two of them , sharing the same intellect , spoke of doing the greatest Proof ever.The main idea of the story is her fear of inheriting her fathers mental illness . Particularly when it looks like she may have tried to plagiarize his work . Her sister does not make it easier due to her thinking she slipping away as well , just as their father did . She attempts to take control of her life and get her the ` help ' she needs.The performances in this movie are top notch . Paltrow proves once again she has range beyond many of her peers . Gyllenhaal continues to gain notoriety with strong roles like this and Brokeback mountain , making him one of the best young actors out there as well . And there 's always Sir Anthony Hopkins , reliable as ever , giving an outstanding performance . The chemistry between him and Paltrow is the best thing about the movie.Although the dramatic element draws on the ` Proof ' , it 's mostly just a shell of a reason to get these characters together for the performances that they give . Underneath the drama is something of an empty shell . We do n't really care about the Proof and it could be emphasized a little less . But in any case , it is an integral part of the story .
 After seeing this movie countless times on DVD , I 'm baffled by the negative reviews . Even though the story is a bit contrived , taken at face value it is very entertaining . Wonderful acting by Gwenyth Paltrow , Hope Davis , Jake Gyllenhaal and Anthony Hopkins and an intriguing original score make it a complete package . Flashbacks keep the suspense high until the end . Definitely worthwhile !
 I recall reading some tepid movie reviews of PROOF when it came out , despite its pedigree -LRB- an award-winning play -RRB- and sterling cast . Thus , I was somewhat ambivalent about seeing it.My mistake , as this movie was entirely captivating . Despite its potentially polarizing subject matter -LRB- advanced mathematics -RRB- , PROOF delivered the goods on all counts . Each of the four principal actors is excellent , producing a sum greater than the individual parts . Special kudos to Hope Davis as a yuppie with considerable and misguided energy , and to the excellent Gwyneth Paltrow , who is not afraid to look un-glamorous . The story develops with plenty of unexpected twists ; thus , despite its subject , it is anything BUT formulaic . -LRB- Hey , a math joke ! -RRB- A truly terrific film .
 `` Proof '' is one of the most intelligent movies I have ever seen.It is the story of a mathematical genius -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- who has developed schitzophrenia in his later years , and his Daughter -LRB- Gwenyth Paltrow -RRB- who cares for him during his ongoing illness.While everyone who comes in contact with him sees a crazy man , on the inside of his gifted mind he is solving a mathamatical proof that has eluded mathmaticians for years ... or so we think.The Father dies , andonly the Daughter knows of his work , until she gives it to her boyfriend -LRB- Jake Gyllenhaal -RRB- as a sort of gift , as he knew her Father well , and was one of his students.She later confesses that SHE wrote the proof , and we are taken through flashbacks of when her Father was alive , to see who after all wrote this groundbreaking equation.We find out in a very revealing unforgettable way , when the Father reads his out loud.His `` proof '' is nothing but a bunch of gibber-jabber that makes absolutely NO sense . - something about the months of the years and so forth.After being forced by her father to read it out loud , Her heart breaks for her him , because he is so senile , and she puts HER proof in HIS drawer , and locks it , and there it stays until she retrives it and gives it to Jake Gylenhaal.Another drama that plays out in this movie is that the Daughter thinks she is also mentally ill like her Father , and will end up like him.Hope Davis , who plays her sister also believes that her sister is crazy , too.I , myself , did not believe her to be crazy at all , only a little lonely , and isolated from caring for her father , yet the worry about it plagues her.I have read some of the other reviews where people say this movie was so confusing . I think it made perfect sense the first viewing . The flashbacks were merely to explain the mysteries , not put there to confuse.This movie makes you question if there is any truth to the belief that there is a thin line between genius , and maddness.This movie is based on the pulitzer prize winning play , and is well worth renting , or better yet , adding to your collection ... You WILL want to own it .
 By reading some of the previous reviews , I get the feeling that some people may have been disappointed by the fact that the plot of the movie is somewhat simple . This is not an adventure movie ; it is a character study , a journey into genius and madness , the complexity of family ties , and of relationships growing from intellectual and sentimental attraction . Some call it a thriller and I agree with that . It is a thriller to people who like sensible movies.The performances of lead and supporting cast members are flawless , believable and touching . Gwyneth Paltrow delivers a performance that I find much more admirable and challenging than the one in `` Shakespeare in Love '' , and if I had to choose , I 'd give her the Oscar for this one which I found much more interesting by all means.Jake Gyllenhaal makes an adorable Hal -LRB- even when you wonder about his motives -RRB- ; his confident performance rings absolutely true -LRB- he must be every geek 's hero now ! -RRB- . Sir Hopkins is his own , usual perfect self.Hope Davis ' character is truly irritating , so I guess she does a great job.Interestingly , `` Proof '' does not deliver one single breathtaking moment to replay over and over . It is not `` memorable '' that way . It is the mood of the whole movie that sticks with you . Dialogues can be quite funny at times -LRB- the `` jojoba '' lines are funny and the `` dating the doctoral advisor 's daughter '' , very sweet -RRB- , and I actually found the `` theatrical '' sound of them pleasant and interesting.The editing work is excellent ; the flashbacks are carefully spread out through the movie to help build-up and understand the complexity of the `` present '' . If anybody finds the succession of past and present scenes confusing , one must consider that maybe there is a relevance to that . The main character is confused and has lived in confusion for several years , to a point where she is afraid to be `` like her father . '' And she is not thinking about his genius when she says that ... This movie is delicate and sensitive ; it will still be as true and interesting as it is now in ten or fifteen years from now . It has timeless qualities .
 Proof starring the gifted Gwyneth Paltrow is extraordinary . The film is directed by John Madden who also directed Paltrow in her oscar-winning performance , Shakespeare in Love . Proof also stars the legendary actor , Anthony Hopkins , Jake Gyllenhall and Hope Davis . They all play a vital role involving Paltrow 's character who feels she is insane like her deceased math genius father -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- . Her character struggles for sanity after the death of her much-respected father . Gyllenhaal 's character is a former student of Hopkins and Davis plays Paltow 's older sister . I like the ending , how the credits start to flow across the screen before the last scene is even done . Intelligent , low-key film . Check it out some time .
 This is a movie about a young woman who 's life has been put on hiatus while she cares for her mentally ill father . As she follows in her father 's foosteps as a mathematician she fears that she will follow him into insanity as well . Add a condescending and somewhat meddlesome older sister and you have the emotional framework of the movie . In my humble opinion the story , the whole story , is about the struggle to regain her identity after her father passes away . Will she be able to finally start her life or will she sink into the same madness as her father ? A groundbreaking mathematical proof can validate her abilities but will it doom her to her father 's madness . At the end of the movie you are left with the hope that she 's back in command of everything and that the proof she wrote will propel her to greatness and not madness.One last thing , the director 's commentary was as dry , boring and insulting as any I 've ever heard . The director prattles on , pointing out the obvious , and acting like the audience could n't have possibly understood it . I came away with the impression that his understanding of the story was shallow at best .
 I enjoyed the movie . The math is just window dressing but who would expect anything else ? Just good characters and a nice way to spend 90 minutes .
 this was one of my very favorite movies ever . The acting was incredibly believable and to be able to make a proof interesting is quite a feat in itself.mathematical genius , family realtions , friend relations and the ties that bind them . Fantastic movie .
 Gwyneth Paltrow plays Catherine , the daughter of a brilliant , but mentally-ill mathematician who has just died . Jake Gyllenhaal , playing one of her father 's students asks permission to look through the books of myriad nonsense which he wrote during his illness , on the off-chance that he might have done some useful work . He is amazed when he discovers a proof of monumental importance to the mathematical community and his amazement grows when Paltrow claims authorship of the proof . Things become more complicated for Catherine when her sister arrives from New York and treats her as if she had the same mental illness as her father . This is a movie with a wonderfully-written script which is brilliantly played by the actors . It is highly recommended viewing .
 This is n't the type of film where you are mildly entertained and then forget about the movie within a day or two of seeing it . Instead , the directors have tackled the formidable challenge of adapting a successful Broadway show to screen and , in the process , it sometimes works in much better ways than the stage play , broadening the possibilities and losing some of the claustrophia of the limited stage sets.It is hard to say exactly what ` genre '' this play fits as it equal parts thriller , mystery and exploration of the human spirit.On the surface , the film focuses on a formerly briliant mathematical genius -LRB- played by Anthony Hopkins -RRB- who went from flashes of brilliance in his early 20s to utter insanity as he got older -LRB- with brief remissions -RRB- . His daughter seems to show promise as well but she fears that the same mental instablility which plagues her father will someday strike her as well . She is a sad , often bitter , person.Gyneth Paltrow is so exceptional in the role of the daughter , Catherine , a woman who is complex , difficult and anxious , that it is hard to imagine anyone else doing justice to the role . After her father 's death , she is left to pick up the pieces with the help of a math student who is researching Catherine 's father , in both his glory and illness.In addition to hundreds of illegible journals left behind by her father , one stands out , possibly leading to a breakthrough moment in mathmatical history . It is , in short a great proof ... but who wrote it ? Did the genius father in one of his rare moments of remission ? Or did his talented -LRB- but unacclaimed -RRB- daughter do so?Needless to say , this raises issues of trust as well as how you prove something which is very hard to prove . Catherine has been a recluse for years , caring for her ailing father . She disappeared from academia and her reputation was never established . Contrast that with the history of her father and it his hard to decide who was most likely to be in a state of mind to come up with an elegant , groundbreaking proof.As doubt rears its head , Catherine seems to be suspected by everyone around her , from her boyfriend to her sister . She nearly cracks completely under the pain and pressure and the film does n't lead to a neat , pat resolution.The word `` Proof '' revolves on so many levels in this lovely movie , hinting that some things are ultimately unproveable and must be taken on a certain degree of faith . Catherine nearly loses her strength , her spirit and her confidence in the process but she is stronger than she thinks , although her sister does her best to sabotage her confidence and whatever shreds of self-esteem she has left.This is a deep , rich movie that makes one think about how we commit to people and ideas , how we prove that our accomplishments are our own -LRB- when all evidence seems to point to the contrary -RRB- and but how it is always a the leap of faith to trust others . In that regard , these is no ultimate proof .
 `` Proof '' is based on the play by David Auburn , who contributed screenwriting skills as well . The film was directed by John Madden , who previously directed Gwyneth Paltrow in a successful run of the play in London . So both Madden and Paltrow come to the film with a lot of experience . They are joined by a superb film cast , most notably Hope Davis , in bringing this intriguing story of family and identity that revolves around an important mathematical proof to the screen . Catherine -LRB- Gwyneth Paltrow -RRB- is the daughter of a brilliant mathematician -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- who struggled with mental illness . Catherine is very much like her father , so much that it scares her , and was very close to him . She gave up 5 years of her life to take care of him when he was overcome by psychosis . Now her father is dead , and Catherine 's fastidious , controlling sister Claire -LRB- Hope Davis -RRB- , has arrived to put everything in order and take control of Catherine 's life , which she fears is heading off the deep end . A former student of their father 's , Harold -LRB- Jake Gyllenhaal -RRB- , is determined to look at every piece of gibberish the great man wrote in his last years in case any important math found its way through his madness . Catherine relents and leads Harold to the prize
 A nice movie . The story needs to be developed further . Otherwise , this movie is a bit closer to the reality of the life of a mathematician than two other movies -LRB- `` Good Will hunting '' and `` The beautiful mind '' -RRB- .
 going to see this film , i did n't know whether or not it was going to be worth my time . i ended up wanting to see it again because it was fantastic . the casting of the movie was very well done and gwyneth paltrow 's perfomance , especially , was outstanding . this is a great movie with a wonderful story and feeling that is not just all about mathematics . Outstanding Film !
 she played well as the role in the movie should be . not bad screenplay in addition to paltrow 's performance , otherwise it wo n't hold the audience too long to hop into the next viewing room . ms. paltrow so far never disappointed us with her great performance and had obviously salvaged many films that were just okay instead of great enough . without her involvement , this movie is actually a quite boring movie .
 `` I did n't find it , i wrote it . `` i mean . . how can it be more desperate ?! in the middle of talent , love , insanity and trust , this film is full of humanity and emotion , the director of `` Shakespare in Love '' , John Madden , once again bring us another passionate picture , that 's nothing more i can say abouit Gwyneth Paltrow and Anthony Hopkins , seeing is believing , you 'll understand why suddenly have rumors about Ms. Paltrow is about to win her second Oscar 's Best Actress this year ... . this might not be the best picture of the year , but definitely is one of those you have to watch ...
 Based on David Auburn 's Pulitzer Prize-winning play , `` Proof '' revolves around Catherine -LRB- Gwyneth Paltrow -RRB- , the daughter of a brilliant , recently deceased mathematician -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- . Although Catherine has inherited her father 's mathematical genius , she fears that her knowledge might come with a heavy price . Her father had a history of mental illness for many years , and Catherine is worried that the disease has been passed on to her . To make matters more complicated , Catherine 's pushy sister -LRB- Hope Davis -RRB- returns to town for her father 's funeral and is intent on bringing Catherine back to New York City to stay with her . However , when Catherine shares a breakthrough mathematical proof with her new lover , who also happens to be her father 's former graduate strudent -LRB- Jake Gyllenhaal -RRB- , tensions arise as the authorship of the proof is questioned . Did Catherine 's father write this amazing proof before his death , or is Catherine its true author?I thought this film was an excellent adaptation of Auburn 's play . Paltrow gives an outstanding performance as a young woman coping with the death of her father , her own personal regrets , and mental instability . Hopkins also delivers a great performance as the delusional father figure , although I wish he had a bit more screen time . The only performance I was slightly disappointed with was Gyllenhaal 's , who is kind of a putz . However , his character is a bit of a putz , too , so I guess I ca n't hold it against him too much . `` Proof '' is an excellent movie about family obligations , mental illness , and self-discovery . Put this one on your must-see list .
 John Madden and Gwyneth Paltrow first collaborated on `` Shakespeare in Love , '' one of the most intelligent , lush romantic comedies of all time . They reunite to make a completely different kind of magic in `` Proof , '' a film adaptation of a wildly popular play in which Paltrow also played the lead . `` Proof '' is steeped in the culture of mathematic academia , where words like `` proof '' are used with hallowed reverence , and the leading figures are considered to be gods by the `` mere '' professors and grad students . Paltrow plays Katherine , younger daughter to a mathematical genius -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- , who `` revolutionized the field twice before he turned 26 . '' But Dad recently died after a long mental illness , and Katherine put her own academic life on hold to care for her dottering old man as they rattle around their big Chicago house together . Katherine insists that Dad has some lucid times where he was working again , working on something great ... could it be found in the hundreds of notebooks Dad left behind in his study?Grad student Hal -LRB- Jake Gyllenhaal -RRB- is plowing through the books as fast as he can . -LRB- One has to suspend a little disbelief here , believing that any university has lookers like Paltrow and Gyllenhall in the same math department . -RRB- Hal and Katherine also have a bit of a thing going , but both of them move with the caution bred from working too close for too long a time . I 've never really been a fan of Gyllenhaal before `` Proof , '' but he gives a sincere , restrained performance that is just perfect.And then there 's Claire -LRB- Hope Davis -RRB- , Katherine 's older sister , who has flown in from New York to help out . Claire has clearly abandoned mathematics as a career and has moved on to more practical , lucrative pursuits -LRB- although her job is never explained -RRB- . Claire has the disadvantage of being a merely `` talented '' person born into a family of geniuses , and it 's pretty clear that she 's got plenty of her own issues . Davis , giving yet another fine performance , conveys much of Claire 's repressed frustration with brittle mannerisms and inflections , but neverteless she conveys a lot.But Paltrow is the true shining light here . Far from the radiant beauty she plays in virtually every film , Paltrow here is haggard , worn thin by her years of caring for Dad and also the worry that she might be `` like him '' in both good ways and bad . It 's pretty clear that every character Plus , she 's carrying a secret . Either she has gone beyond her father 's genius and discovered a new proof that had eluded the old guy , or she has stolen his work and tried to pass it off as her own . Paltrow , one of the sunniest of actresses , here comes of as believable as a soul in torment.This is a `` little film , '' clocking in at 90 minutes and with a tightly focused plot and cast . That does n't mean that it is n't excellent . Along with `` Wonder Boys '' and `` The Squid and the Whale , '' `` Proof '' stands firmly in the short line of recent fantastic movies about academics and academia . Check it out .
 To be quite brief , this is one of the best movies I 've seen .
 Adapting Proof is not an easy task . David Auburn 's play of trust and maddness is one of the best plays you can find in the modern age . The whole story only involves 4 characters , 3 of them are in the tear and wear family and one is an outsider . Watching the play in the theatre is such an engrossing experience that you will be thinking about it again and again.Gweyneth Paltrow as Catherine gave a very emotionally draining performance in the movie . She managed to display the fears , hatred , disappointment etc. in Catherine 's journey of love , trust and betrayal . However , there is a bit too much crying in the movie that actually taxed quite a bit of the character in terms performance . Anthony Hopkins as the father is just flawless . The way he portrays the father who thinks he still possesses a brilliant but in fact `` out-of-order '' mind is just right to the point . Delicate as a piece of well crafted china . The casting does make it right for him . Hope Davis as Claire is as annoying as ever - the control freak sister who thought of redeeming herself through the taking over of matters from her abandoned sister , after years of avoiding caring duty of her father . Nonetheless , her affection for her sister does make up a lot to her distant approach in the past . Jake Gyllanehall as Hal could be regarded as the weaker character in the movie . Probably after Brokeback Mountain , people will expect a lot from him . Not that he is bad , but the character itself is n't as multi-layered as the other three , which in a way put him on a disadvantaged ground right from the beginning.In all , this is a very faithful adaptation of the play and if you like the play , you will like this movie . One thing we could appreciate at least is that the director managed to turn a play that only happens in the set of a single house into a more geographically spread experience , which breathes a sense of real life into the play itself . Also scenes written to bridge different time frames and background stories were very well done as they all managed to tie into the original plot of the play . It is definitely a movie that had made good full use of the play . It 's a pity that this movie was overlooked during the took over of Miramax by Disney , otherwise it would have a better standing in this year 's award season .
 Proof is one of the best movies that I have ever seen . I missed seeing it when it was firt released . I have watched it many times on the Starz channel and then I finally bought it . The story is fascinating , the cast which largely consists of Gwyneth Paltrow , Anthony Hopkins , and Jake Gyllenhaal is the best that one could hope for . I would hope that many people who are intelligent will see it if they have n't already done so .
 ` Proof ' plays out with a lot of similarities to the brilliant ` A Beautiful Mind ' , but it approaches its subject differently enough to make it its own film and not a carbon copy of success . Adapted from the play of the same name , ` Proof ' covers the week following the death of brilliant yet mentally disturbed mathematician Robert -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- . His youngest daughter Catherine -LRB- Paltrow -RRB- had been taking care of him for the past five years , sacrificing her dreams of higher education to watch after her lonely and dying father . After his death she has to deal with his ex-student Hal -LRB- Gyllenhaal -RRB- who is searching through Roberts notebooks in order to find proof that even in his insanity he was still brilliant as well as her sister Claire -LRB- Davis -RRB- who never gave either of them the time of day but is determined to help now that their father is dead.What makes this film memorable is the layered performances by the entire cast . Gwyneth gives a very structured performance , giving us varying degrees of emotions and unraveling her characters inner workings to us gradually . Anthony Hopkins is such a wonderful treat here , truly mesmerizing , and Hope Davis takes the whole unsympathetic sister role to the next level . I truly hated her even though I 'm convinced she did n't mean any harm . To me Jake Gyllenhaal is really stepping up to plate . He had an amazing year last year with three brilliant performances , one of which lead him to an Oscar nomination -LRB- all three of his roles , from Brokeback Mountain to Proof to Jarhead were wonderfully layered and all three different from the next making him a true cinematic chameleon -RRB- . Although his character is minimal in this film he really commands the screen while he 's on and makes for a wonderful treat.While I 'm not a mathematician , nor do I even understand half of what made the characters in this film so smart -LRB- all that talk of proofs and primes goes right over my head -RRB- one can still be enthralled by the underlying and motivating factor to this film . This is a film about grief and acceptance , especially of ones self , and realizing that we are all capable of great things . As Catherine deals with the loss of her father whom she no doubt loved very much she also is faced with the idea that she may very well have not only inherited his genius but also his dementia . And when those closest to you are convinced you 're following in his downward spiral you begin to believe in the possibility , almost convincing yourself of what you are certain could never be . While not as brilliant or emotionally abrasive as ` A Beautiful Mind ' , ` Proof ' still works hard to strike the right chords , and thanks to impressive performances by the entire cast it hits most of them right on the head .
 Truly a must see , especially for any father of a child more brilliant than himself , whether either is insane or not . Touches very sensitively on the mutually developmental parent-child relationship ; and the difficulty of loving a parent , watching that parent erode , and knowing , with both sorrow and joy , that the child will surpass the father 's loftiest accomplishments . Beautifully nuanced performance by Gwyneth Paltrow -LRB- Gyllenhall and Hopkins are good , too , but Paltrow is the show -RRB- . Taken together with her appearances in `` Bounce , '' `` Emma , '' `` Sylvia , `` and `` Shakespeare in Love , '' among many others , this provides strong evidence that she is one of the best actresses ever .
 Film is able to make a very good representation of schizophrenia w / obsessive compulsive traits with Hopkins ' performance . Powerful script that was very well adapted to the big screen . I saw the play performed in Buenos Aires , Argentina . Great story ... totally worth seeing it .
 Compelling drama , unusual subject matter with complicated characters , well written script and superb acting by Paltrow , Hopkins and Gyllenhaal .
 Not a lot of movies with female genius mathematicians , the movie has little bit of everything , smart comedy , romance , and some math .
 A small movie that takes you into a very confused mind and leaves you thinking about so many things . You can look at Jake or truly appreciate Gwyneth .
 Well acted and an engaging story . It was easy to identify with each of the characters and to empathize with their respective positions .
 If you liked a beautiful mind you will like this movie - Paltrow is a young women suffering from the loss of her long time mentally ill and former genius father . She put her life on hold to care for him and never got to develop her own genius . She also fears that she is becoming mentally unstable like her father - Personally I just thought she needed a vacation and some therapy . Paltrow is very convincing though I thought Gyllenhaal 's character was not as convincing . You will like this movie .
 Gwyneth Paltrow is Catherine , a young mathematician who is the daughter of Robert , a legendary mathematician ruined by mental illness and played by Anthony Hopkins . The lives of mathematicians revolve around their ability to craft coherent answers , or proofs for elaborate mathematical questions . Few mathematicians successfully and single-handedly arrive at a significant proof in their careers and , as `` Proof '' suggests , most mathematicians hit their peak in their mid-twenties . Robert managed the first hurdle , but as to the second - his life degenerated into an existence trapped in a house of math books and notebooks riddled with incomprehensible figures . Catherine , having dropped out of school to care for her father , already wonders if she 's destined to suffer the same life of mental illness as her father . She `` loses '' time , and endures spates of depression that keep her bedridden for days . However , when she 's up and about , her sometimes lucid father engages her in number games , and urges her to work on proofs while out of school - he himself suddenly feels competent enough to work out a new proof , one which will compensate for years wasted looking for alien messages in Dewey-Decimal codes at the local library . Mathematics is both home and prison for all mathematicians - it 's absorbing , and those steeped in its ways find themselves undone trying to rely on it to explore and explain their reality . And when a possibly groundbreaking proof is found in one of Robert 's many notebooks the script turns into a battle of wills between Catherine who claims to have written it , and Claire who thinks that Catherine is using the proof to hold onto a bleak existence in Chicago where she will follow her father 's path into madness.Robert is already dead when `` Proof '' starts , and we only meet him in flashbacks that hint at both his and his daughter 's sanity . In the `` present '' , in the aftermath of Robert 's death , Catherine must deal with Harold `` Hal '' Dobbs -LRB- Gylenhaal -RRB- , a young mathematician who may represent Robert 's opposite - sane but also mediocre . Hal loves her , or maybe he 's in love with being the boyfriend of the daughter of a legendary mathematician , and he 's obsessed with finding the shreds of a master-proof buried in hundreds of notebook pages of scribbles . Then there 's Claire -LRB- Hope Davis -RRB- , Catherine 's older sister , an established financial analyst in Manhattan -LRB- the story is set in Chicago -RRB- . One of the best scenes in the flick -LRB- and easily the funniest in what 's not quite a laugh-riot movie -RRB- is the first meeting of Hal & Claire . Already beginning to suspect that Catherine is well on the road to emotional instability , Claire drills Catherine on details about Hal - always referring to him by his full name , as if he were a delusion of Catherine and needed first and last name to ground him in reality . In the next scene - driving up to Catherine 's and finding Hal already there , Claire points at him with angry vindication - `` Harold - Briggs !! '' . -LRB- The script slyly suggests that Claire may be at least as insane as her father , but found in her job and home an existence that accommodates her mental state . -RRB- When the disputed `` proof '' is first found , Harold becomes the battleground between Claire and Catherine - the older sister convinced that their father found lucidity before his death to author a last heuristic hurrah.This was a great film , though largely on its performances - the story itself seems unfinished , with a too-pat ending . I never thought much of Gylenhaal , though he 's incredibly mature if befuddled by Catherine -LRB- if you did n't like `` The Good Girl '' because of him , he 's still great here -RRB- . The deft script makes him a cutting composite of a man who genuinely feels for Catherine while also being exactly what Catherine hates about mathematicians - geeks who hit their peak early and spend the rest of their lives bragging about conferences they attend , playing in horrible rock bands , poking holes in the proofs of others and paving the way for the next generation of mathematicians . Hope Davis makes the most out of Catherine 's extremely unlikable sister , in a script that has little patience for her . The movie of course belongs to Paltrow who seems to be both fighting a losing battle for sanity and fighting off those who might try to rescue her from it - it 's her least `` Hollywood '' performance , prickly and unfriendly yet oddly beguiling . Catherine has already learned that math is a prison , but spends the rest of the story trying to find something other than the disputed proof to save her from that cell .
 `` Proof '' was a thoroughly thought-provoking screenplay . Clever plot points and reveals , executed by master actors , especially by Paltrow . In fact the whole cast was at their best ; even the minor , supporting roles . The frustrating thing , though , was that even while the story revolved around mathematics , there was zero math . At least , in that other great movie about math , `` A Beautiful Mind , '' they explained the theorem he was famous for , the Nash Equilibrium . In `` Proof '' there was no proof . You just had to take the writer 's word for it . It would have been nice , even for those of us not mathematically adept , to have had a little taste .
 According to the Merriam-Webster dictionary , there are several definitions of the word `` proof '' that apply to the movie of the same name adapted from the David Auburn play . The etymology of the word can be traced back to the Latin `` probare , '' meaning , `` to prove . '' Both parts of the first definition of `` proof '' as a noun come into play
 I had a psychiatry professor in medical school who advised us about recognizing depression in our patients . `` If you start to feel depressed being around them , then they probably have depression '' , we were told . A different psychiatry professor gave us a lecture on the sometimes grey area that exists between `` genius '' and mental illness . For example , he proposed , if modern miracle anti-depressant medications like Prozac were available , would you have treated Van Gogh - preventing him from disfiguring and ultimately killing himself , IF you knew that by treating his `` illness '' you might also be depriving him -LRB- and the world -RRB- of his `` genius '' . That is a good question that has no definitive answer . This film explores that nebulous area ` twixt genius and madness . It also looks at relationships , trust and `` love '' between father and daughter , between sisters and between lovers . The reason I began this review discussing how it can make you feel depressed being in the company of depressed people is that watching this movie made me feel a little depressed.Gwyneth Paltrow stars in David Auburn 's script , adapted from his play , as Anthony Hopkins ' daughter , Catherine . Hopkins ' Robert was a math genius , twice making `` life-time achievement '' kind of discoveries in the field before age 27 , at which time he began to become ill with a mental illness that caused him to deteriorate until his death many years later . Much of the film is told in flashback . Catherine took care of Robert for his last half-decade . Did she do it out of daughterly duty ? Did she do it to be near her father 's mathematical genius as she was working out her own mathematical proofs ? Did she do it to avoid moving forward with her own life and academic career ? The film suggests perhaps all three , and leaves the viewer to your own conclusions . Jake Gyllenhaal portrays Hal , one of Robert 's graduate students , smart enough to understand the high world of mathematic academics , but not quite genius enough to make the kind of revolutionary breakthroughs that make you legend . After Robert passes away Hal asks permission to read through Robert 's copious notebooks where he scribbled down page after page of gibberish , hoping that a spark of genius will appear amid the mad scribbling . Hope Davis appears as Robert 's other daughter , Claire . Although Catherine may have inherited some of Dad 's genius , Claire is the one who seems to have her life in more order - for the kind of folks who think lives should be orderly . Claire flies into town for Robert 's funeral as well , hoping to interject some order into Catherine 's life.The film does not delve into deeper mathematics . Rudimentary arithmetic is not required to view `` Proof '' . The movie looks at the lives of these people and presents the characters `` as is '' . We see that Hal also plays drum in an alternative rock band made up of math grad students . One of their pieces is called `` I '' after the imaginary number that equals negative one when squared - this song consists of the band standing silently on stage after telling the audience the name of the song . If you 're the kind of person who might find such things entertaining - this may be the film for you.The storyline concentrates on Catherine and explores whether or not she may have inherited her father 's genius , or his madness , or both . Although the film is filled with the fine acting you 'd expect from a collection of Academy Award winners and nominees , it was not the most pleasant thing for me to watch .
 PROOF turned out to be an extraordinary film of 2005 . It was intellectually and intelligently done , and it even stars two of the most versatile actors today , Jake Gyllenhaal -LRB- Hal -RRB- and Gwyneth Paltrow -LRB- Catherine -RRB- as well as seasoned actor , Anthony Hopkins -LRB- Robert Llewyln -RRB- and supporting actress , Hope Davis -LRB- Claire -RRB- . The core of the film centers on Catherine coming to terms with her father 's passing , and what evolves from her experience is her struggle with her identity . Who is she ? and What is it that she really wants to be or does not want to be ? The film goes through the process of her grasping and grappling with the reality that she too is a mathematician as her father , but she appears to deny it or hide it for fear of upstaging his work . In addition , Catherine temporary loses her ability to make pertinent choices that would reflect her own life.The film is intense and perplexing . The direction by John Madden and the screenplay by David Auburn and Rebecca Miller were highly effective in showing the complicated storyline , and their use of flashbacks allowed the viewer to understand Catherine 's relationship and her witness to her father 's debilitating condition . Also , the investigative technique used to reveal the truth behind Catherine 's father 's notebook and Catherine was quite intriguing as well.I recommend this film for anyone who likes a thought provoking film . You certainly do not have to be a mathematician to solve this Proof , but it will keep your mind reeling .
 This is one of the better movies that I have seen in sometime , although it does not hold a candle to the much similar A Beautiful Mind ... Paltrow and company do a wonderful job with the material in this one ... it is gripping , interesting , something that you will watch with wonder . I felt attached to most of the characters in this movie , and I felt as though I was really in for a ride with them at every step of the way ... great movie , not to be missed ... '' -RRB-
 Great actors like Hopkins , Hope Davis and Jake G help this movie out in a big way . Great idea for a story , but it drags in some critical moments . Was a little disappointed in Gwen 's performance.It 's worth seeing , but you need to be patient with it .
 This is an entrancing movie which marvelously tells an engaging story ; the four cast members who totally dominate the film all deliver superb performances . Gwyneth Paltrow reprises the role which she played on the London stage , twenty-seven year old Catherine , the daughter of Robert -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- , a mathematical genius who has died days before the first scene in the film occurs . Robert 's worshipful former student Hal -LRB- Jake Gyllenhaal -RRB- , who is currently a university lecturer , is beginning the task of reading through the multitudinous notebooks which Robert compiled in his final years in the hopes that he will find some traces of Robert 's former brilliance amid the voluminous ramblings . The audience soon is presented with the bare bones outline of the central element which forms the backdrop for the remainder of the film , Robert had increasing succumbed to mental illness during the last four years of his life and Catherine gradually withdrew from all aspects of the life which she was leading to provide full-time care for him in order to avoid his institutionalization . The final element of the story which we are to watch unfold during the remainder of the film is soon introduced in the person of Catherine 's super organized older sister Claire -LRB- Hope Davis -RRB- , who arrives from NYC not only to attend the funeral as Catherine has expected but to also to quickly get her father 's estate in order and help provide Catherine with a new direction for her life.The juxtaposition is startling , Claire is as self confident , assured and ready to take charge as Catherine is apathethic , confused and withdrawn ; Paltrow and Davis play off each other to develop the contrast between their characters extremely well . As the story unfolds through very frequent flashbacks interspersed with a gradual progression of action in the present , the complexity of the backstory and how it has affected both of the sisters is developed in a very nuanced way which succeeds in keeping both of them -LRB- especially Davis -RRB- from becoming the caricatures which could easily have resulted . An additional element of the story is the tension of Hal 's relationship with Catherine , both because he is attracted to her and wants to help her escape her angst and also in her role as the daughter of his `` hero '' and the person who controls the access to Robert 's notes , which might allow Hal to jumpstart his career.The key moment in the story occurs soon after Robert 's funeral , when Catherine allows Hal access to a notebook which has been locked away separate from all her father 's other work and which contains the PROOF of a mathematical puzzle which not even the most brilliant mathematicians have been able to solve . Without giving away the details which make up the rest of the film , Claire and Hal suspect that it is a work which Robert completed in his lucid moments during the periods of remission from his madness which Catherine 's care afforded him ; Catherine soon reluctantly declares that it is in fact her own work and is crushed and completely withdraws emotionally when they both refuse to believe her . While we have previously seen very brief hints that she has inherited her father 's genius , she herself seems ambivalent about the implications of this fact for her future life . Of course , by attempting to help her sister Catherine regain her equilbrium , Claire instead accentuates Catherine 's fears that she has inherited their father 's illness as well as his genius and thus both effectively making Catherine appear a more pathethic figure while emphasizing the worst elements of her own overbearing nature.David Auburn 's play received both the Pulitzer Prize and a Tony award , and he and Rebecca Miller have adapted it marvelously to the screen although in many ways its structure still has substantial elements of a stage presentation -LRB- which I wish I had seen -RRB- . Despite the fact that Robert dies before the film begins , Anthony Hopkins ' performance is so complete and the directing and editing so deft that the moviegoers soon forget that they are watching a dead man . There are several comedic moments to lighten the otherwise almost constant tension , but this is a film for those interested in a serious well told tale.CAVEATS
 Proof of a mathematical equation and proof of madness are the two driving forces in John Madden 's film . Catherine -LRB- Gwyneth Paltrow -RRB- who cared for her brilliant mathematician father Robert -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- is afraid that she 's inherited his other `` gift '' - mental illness . Catherine cared for her father Robert during the end . When Claire -LRB- Hope Davis -RRB- Catherine 's sister arrives home for the funeral she expresses concern for Catherine 's mental state . Catherine begins to doubt her own teetering sanity . Robert 's assistant Hal -LRB- Jake Gyllenhaal -RRB- rummages around Robert 's papers the night before and after the funeral trying to find an important equation her father was working on before he died . Featuring a group of strong performances , `` Proof '' is a compelling drama about grief , madness and emotional seclusion . Although Madden 's drama suffers from the stage origins of the play but the emotional high wire act the cast performs makes it worthwhile . Whether or not there 's `` proof '' of this film being a `` great '' film is based on how drawn into the drama you are by the appealing cast . A warning about some of the other reviews here -- there good reviews but some of them have spoilers that give away a lot of the plot of the film . If you want to be surpised and enjoy the ride then I 'd suggest you skip reading these reviews . `` Proof '' looks extremely good here with natural skin tones , sharp image quality and nice definition . The 5.1 audio is n't exactly designed for the format since this a dialogue driven film but there is nice ambient sounds evident in the other speakers.A clinical but interesting commentary track by John Madden is interesting to listen to but would have been enlightened by the cast 's contribution . We also get deleted scenes none of which are revelations `` From Stage to Screen '' covers the adaptation of the stage play to film . One of the challenges was staying true to the stage roots while opening up the player and making it less stage bound . Producer Allison Owen makes an interesting comment-she imagined the film as the type of film that would have been made in the 70 's where moving and powerful drama was still king in theaters . The cast and Madden discuss their characters and what attracted them to the project . Madden comments that many audience members thought that the play was like watching a movie which is a bit unusual but that was because of the fact that the play was told from a variety of different points of view and the staging.A fine film that touches on madness , emotional isolation and the fear of what lies down the road for anyone ; `` Proof '' is a fascinating drama that works amazingly well due to the strong performances . Madden who worked with Paltrow in `` Shakespeare in Love '' clearly connects with Paltrow and Anthony Hopkins .
 It 's interesting that most people tend to have a problem with the screenplay for this movie , when it is almost word for word the stage play , which is renowned for its elegance and simplicity . Perhaps the issue comes up in the flashbacks and the ending , both of which disagree with the play . Still , as a stage adaptation to film , Proof does the job beautifully . The characters remain true to their original 2-dimensionality ; it is the apparent lack of emotion that actually lends itself to intense feelings from the viewer .
 PROOF is one of those rare films that transfers a superb play directly to the screen without losing a bit of the power of the play , but enhancing the story with the advantages of the camera . With a tough story like this one it takes a brilliant cast and director to fine-tune the work and in this instance it all works to perfection.The story is well known from all the PR of the theatrical screening
 John Madden , who directed Shakespeare in Love -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , and David Auburn , who wrote the script -LRB- adapted from his play -RRB- , have put together a moving story about mathematical genius admixed with mental instability much in the manner of the life of John Nash who was the subject of A Beautiful Mind -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . Nash was a paranoid schizophrenic who was tormented by voices in his head warning him of dangers and conspiracies that did n't exist . Like Nash , Robert -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- is a brilliant mathematician who , having done spectacular work in his early twenties , goes crazy . Unlike Nash he is never able to regain control of `` the machinery , '' as he calls his mind , and is never able to do any worthwhile work again.Or is he ? As he is taken care of by his mathematically astute daughter , Catherine -LRB- Gwyneth Paltrow in a most affecting and beguiling performance -RRB- he fills scores of notebooks with intense writings . At one point he seems in remission and at another point Catherine rushes home to find him in out in the backyard in the middle of a snowy night fired with enthusiasm about his latest work . At another point , he and Catherine work together on a project . And herein lies the crux of the matter . As we discover , this project turns out to be a proof of a difficult mathematical theorem or conjecture that will be internationally celebrated if it is correct.Jake Gyllenhaal plays Hal , one of Robert 's students who is going through his mentor 's papers in the hope of discovering something wonderful . Catherine tells him that among the 103 notebooks that her father filled during his days of mental instability there is not a single one that has anything of value in it . But when Hal wins her heart she produces a notebook that was locked away in a drawer . It turns out that this notebook contains that most amazing proof mentioned above . And it is here that Catherine says -- in line that is so very well set up that her expression fairly takes your breath away -- `` I wrote it . `` Well , did she or did n't she ? Because the work seems to be in her father 's handwriting and seems to be well beyond her abilities , her sister Claire , played in that clever but somewhat annoying style that Hope Davis has so perfected -LRB- About Schmidt ; American Splendor -RRB- , claims that Catherine is deluded and could n't have written it . To Catherine 's grievous disappointment Hal reluctantly agrees , and this seeming lack of faith in her sends Catherine toward the precipice of insanity . This is the key question of the plot . Who wrote the proof ? Its resolution will be the denouement of the story.Clearly Claire believes that Catherine is so like her father that she is about to go crazy herself . So she tells Catherine she wants to sell the house now that their father is dead and bring Catherine to New York where she lives so that she can take care of her.Will Catherine go or will she trust her heart and begin a life with Hal?This movie does not play well with some audiences I think because the wonderment that some of the characters feel -- the absolute awe that transfigures them when they behold a great mathematical proof , is not entirely appreciated by the average person . Madden makes sure that Catherine , Hal and one of the mathematicians form on their faces an expression something akin to a religious enthrallment when they understand the thrilling logic of the proof . I suspect that for many viewers something was lost in the translation . Consequently , although many others , including myself , believe this to be one of the outstanding movies of 2005 it only rates a 7.0 at IMDb and was not nominated for any Academy Awards . Paltrow won the Best Actress Oscar for her performance in Shakespeare in Love , also directed by Madden -LRB- he seems to bring out the best in her -RRB- , and that award was richly deserved . But here in Proof I believe she was every bit as good -LRB- in a different way -RRB- although she was only nominated for a Golden Globe award and did not win.Another thing about this movie is that it is strangely affecting emotionally . You might find yourself misting up a bit as you watch . I know I did.See this for Gwyneth Paltrow , a gifted actress giving one of her best performances , and for John Madden , a director who makes beautiful movies with style and finesse .
 Proof boasts prize-winning source material and an excellent cast . What more can one ask for?The film stayed very true to the original stage play , telling the tale of a young woman named Catherine -LRB- Gwyneth Paltrow -RRB- , who dropped out of college to care for Robert , her mentally ill father -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- who also happens to be a famous mathematician . After Robert passes away , Catherine -LRB- already a little socially awkward -RRB- , is lost , rambling around his old house by herself . Graduate student Hal -LRB- Jake Gyllenhaal -RRB- requests her permission to sift through the copious notebooks that Robert produced during his decline , hoping to find the next mathematical breakthrough in their pages . Catherine assents , and the two begin a tentative relationship . When Catherine points Hal to a locked drawer in her father 's study , he is thrilled to discover a very important , groundbreaking proof that he immediately attributes to her father . When Catherine divulges that she herself wrote it , both Hal and her estranged sister Claire -LRB- Hope Davis -RRB- , who has flown from New York to Chicago to attend the funeral , doubt her assertion . Catherine already fears that , with her father 's talent for math , she has also inherited his tendency towards madness . She reacts strongly to the betrayal , and Hal must try to prove that he does have faith in her.What 's interesting about the script is that the audience does n't know until the end just which of the characters to believe . Did Catherine write the proof , or did she steal it from her ailing father ? Did her father still have possession of his faculties in his decline , or was he incapable of writing the proof ? Is Hal sticking around because he really likes Catherine , or does he want her to let her guard down just enough to allow him to make off with the mathematical prize he 's looking for ? This tension makes the film -LRB- and the play -RRB- work . The material 's no slouch . David Auburn won both a Pulitzer and a Tony for the play this film is based on.All the performances in this film were very strong . Paltrow particularly shined , rendering Catherine as shy , awkward , and afraid of her own potential talent/madness . I thought her treatment of the character was very original ; I have n't seen her perform in a role like this before . She played this same role to stellar reviews on Broadway , and her reprisal of Catherine in the film is delicate and layered . I really enjoyed her .
 Having seen the play -LRB- with Liza Weil as Catherine , using the same unique tone -- melancholic/bitter/superior / anxious -- of voice that she uses on `` Gilmore Girls '' -RRB- , I thought the movie would only be mediocre . Instead , I really enjoyed it . Such a contrast in characters , especially between Catherine and her older sister . I loved the scene on the porch when her sister is asking her if she tried the shampoo she bought for her . `` It 's supposed to make your hair healthy , '' she tells her . `` Hair 's dead , '' Catherine replies.But the sister goes on and on about how great it is , it 's organic -LRB- `` but organics can be chemicals , '' notes Catherine -RRB- and blah blah blah . So true . It 's amazing how her sister can go on and on about such irrelevant things.Grrrr to those who were skeptical that a young WOMAN could solve difficult proofs . Viewers can see how tough it is to live in the shadow of a genius parent -LRB- or sibling , for that matter - her sister was `` successful '' in her own way -RRB- . It 's rare for other people to accept you at -LRB- and above -RRB- that genius level , but sometimes it works the other way ; if you have an older sibling who excels in some area , others might expect you to be just as smart.But mostly , I think that if Catherine had been male , it would have been easier for many to view her as the legitimate author of the proof.Hopkins was excellent . I 'm never too thrilled with Paltrow , but she was ok for this one - though it was harder for me to accept her as a math genius at the start of the movie . By the end , I felt that she was somewhat on that level , but I think I replaced her with Liza Weil 's exquisite , intelligent depression in my imagination .
 It 's easy to dismiss `` Proof '' as a `` Beautiful Mind 2 . '' But it 's a film that has stayed with me and left a lasting impression . For me , that 's an indication of quality.Director John Madden -LRB- `` Capt. Corelli 's Mandolin -RRB- re-unites with the star Gwyneth Paltrow from 1998 's `` Shakespeare in Love '' that resulted in a Best Director nomination for him and a Best Actress Oscar for her . Paltrow got glowing reviews for her performance as Catherine in David Auburn 's play on the West End stage in London . The mathematics-laden premise translates fairly well to screen.At times we are confused . First , it seems that Anthony Hopkins is real and helping his daughter celebrate her birthday . Then we learn through her dialogue with Jake Gyllenhaal 's character Hal that Catherine 's father was a brilliant mathematician who suffered from mental illness and has died . Gyllenhaal who came off a very hot year with an Oscar nomination for `` Brokeback Mountain '' and a lead performance in `` Jarheads '' seems very likeable here . Even so , we 're unsure if he 's using Catherine or if he 's cultivating a relationship.There was a little film called `` The Secret Life of Dentists '' that starred Hope Davis as a dentist having an affair . She gave a complex albeit less than likeable performance , much as she does here as Claire , Catherine 's sister who is persuaded that like their dad , Catherine is also losing her mind . With films like `` The Daytrippers '' & `` Next Stop Wonderland , '' she 's creating an interesting body of work.Although there are some strange notes in the film such as Hal 's band that seems to invade their party , it 's the relationships between the characters that make the film memorable . A daughter 's connection to her father that is strong can inspire her for a lifetime . Seeing Catherine discover her own brilliance and come to believe it is also quite moving . This was a little film that our local cinema refused to bring here to the large screen . It 's well worth investigating on DVD . Enjoy !
 Anyone who has ever been a caregiver to a family member who was chronically ill or suffering from a fatal disease and then lost them to that illness or some other health condition can really appreciate and identify with this movie . I loved Gwenyth 's portrayal of a daughter that loved her father so much that she felt it was her responsibility to take care of him even though she was sacrificing her own life . The story was right on the money as far as being how those situations go sometimes in life . The sister who came into town for the funeral and tried to be bossy and pushy was also very true to life . This is a good movie and I recommend it highly .
 This movie successfully transitions a great play into a great movie . There are three keys to this success
 Gwyneth Paltrow is great in Proof . She appears depressed , creative , brilliant , vulnerable , etc. as the genius-level daughter of a brilliant father . This is the best work I 've ever seen her do . Better than Shakespeare in Love , the film that won her an Oscar . This role seems like it would be far harder to pull off than most , but Ms. Paltrow 's performance is fluid , flawless , committed , and carries a subtle sense of humor throughout . Realistic and inspirational story .
 I must start by noticing we are in presence of one the warmest and intimate movies made in years . An intimate a very haunting story that deals with the missed contact with the reality of a very young talented Mathematics investigator . Her daughter tries the best she can to join the pieces in this intricate puzzle of formulas and theorems he left . She assumes the difficult task to further his investigations.Behind this very painful script , I should remark the prominent acting of Gwyneth Paltrow , who must play a razor edge role between insanity and reality , to create this diffuse atmosphere that will swaddle our rational , analytical and cold logic.It is not easy to direct two Oscar winners , but John Madden faced the dilemma and with discrete lightning and closed locations made a very poignant chamber work .
 Proof is all about the urge to reach out to someone , the painful fragility of both creativity and personal relationships , and the unnerving propinquity of madness and genius . It 's a stagey and talky film , that offers up some excellent performances from its lead cast , and gives them some terrific opportunities to indulge of unabashed histrionics , but too often the film feels strained by its propensity towards fussiness , earnestness , and self-importance . The film begins on a rainy night in Chicago in the home of Robert -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- . Robert is a groundbreaking mathematician , a prodigy who made major contributions to three fields and revolutionized one of them twice before he was twenty-two . His unstable 27-year-old daughter Catherine -LRB- Gwyneth Paltrow -RRB- now inhabits the house and as she sits absent-mindedly changing the channels on the TV , Robert comes in and engages her in conversation about her forlorn state.From the moment Robert opens his mouth , something is not right , and in fact it 's immediately revealed that Robert has just died , setting the film 's plot in motion . Catherine is soon visited by her New York-based yuppie sister Claire -LRB- Hope Davis -RRB- , who begins to take over he life , but also visiting is Hal -LRB- Jake Gyllenhaal -RRB- , a young prot&eacute;g&eacute; of Robert 's who has become a professor in his own right.Soon we learn that Robert 's mind was devoured by dementia ; Catherine who is afraid of following in the footsteps of her father is certain that she 'll inherit the mental illness that laid him low . Robert was not just a genius ; he also was someone who increasingly went in and out of sanity . He 'd had lucid periods , one lasting a full nine months , but the last three years had been marked by bouts of madness that included filling 103 notebooks with compulsive writing.Haunted by her father 's past , Catherine becomes increasingly paranoid - she begins to believe that Hal may be using her to gain access to a new proof , whilst she also comes to the recognition that her controlling sister Claire is fully prepared to sell the house and move her back to New York for `` treatment . `` The Proof of the title means two things
 Anthony Hopkins , although a smaller character in the film , shines brilliantly under the great direction of John Madden . Gwyneth Paltrow is also spectacular in this film , but I want to mention the two actors who make this movie even better . First of all , Hope Davis is perfectly cast as Paltrow 's sister . Her portrayal does everything it 's supposed to . She made me very irritated and angry , but in a way that really boosts the plot of the film . Also , Jake Gyllenhaal , although not a powerful character , has really proven himself this year . With a fantastic performance in this film , along with a great performance in Jarhead and even better in Brokeback Mountain , Gyllenhaal is my pick for breakout actor this year . Bravo to this amazing ensemble cast .
 I doubt that OT Prof Walter Brueggemann would like to see one of his `` nature of God words '' as the third adjective to fit this movie ! I chose to review it , actually to fit alongside several Good reviews from Knoxville , Tenn and Toledo , Ohio ... the cities of my Boyhood and Birth-place towns.We saw this late one evening after being tired enough to be put into Dreamland ... FAR FROM IT ! It was an engrossing story of the great irascible mathematician Father enacted by Sir Anthony Hopkins . His daughters were fearful of him and for his loss of life and his good rational mind . I surely identified with his plight in my own personal history . This many layered yes , `` many splendored thing '' narrative needs several viewings to fathom and possibly discover a clear underscored understanding!I heartily approve and suggest one 's determined endurance enuf to seeking an ending ! Retired but Irascible Chaplain Fred W Hood
 This is a fairly tough movie to give an opinion on without spoiling the end of the movie . Gwyneth Paltrow is the daughter of a famous mathematician -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- who had some incredible breakthroughs in the field . At some point Hopkins had gone mad and Paltrow decided to devote all her time to taking care of him rather than place him in a mental facility . When the movie begins , Hopkins has recently died.Jake Ghyndenhal -LRB- I think that is how you spell it -RRB- is a university student that was being tutored by Paltrow at her house . He wants to examine over 200 notebooks that Hopkins had left behind in the house to determine if Hopkins had made any other breakthroughs that nobody knew of . Paltrow tells him that all the notebooks were gibberish scribblings made during Hopkins insanity however , Jake insists that he needs to look at them . This makes Paltrow suspect Jake of wanting to steal and publish some of her father 's ideas as his own and she even accuses him of trying to steal some of her father 's notebooks . Jake does have one in fact , hidden in his jacket but he claims that he kept it only to give it to Paltrow as a gift because there was a note to Paltrow written by Hopkins in one of his lucid times.In the meantime , Paltrow 's sister comes from out of town to help settle Hopkin 's estate much to Paltrow 's chagrin since her sister wants to sell the house and force Paltrow to move to New York with her . Paltrow always hated her sister 's superior attitude and this angers her to no end.The movie is fraught with flashbacks throughout especially to the one year period where Hopkins had become lucid . During that time Hopkins had wanted to work and tackle mathematics again with Paltrow as his assistant . He sits outside in a snowstorm writing . When Paltrow explains all this to Jake and her sister , the audience is not sure whether what she tells them specifically about this episode -LRB- to say what would be a spoiler -RRB- is the truth or totally made up by Paltrow.The end of the movie presents the audience with a paradox and the audience is not sure whether the claims of Paltrow are the truth or not -LRB- we are never sure if the same madness that had overtaken her father had overtaken her too -RRB- . This movie is pretty slow but intriguing . It is the type of movie that could open a lot of discussion afterwards and I am sure that this could be a good film-English project for a University course . I give it just under four stars .
 Proof is an absolutely wonderful drama . The acting is also top notch . Its a smart drama with unexpected twists that really pulls at your heart stings . I highly recommend it to everyone out there , this is definetly one of my favorite movies out there !
 Beautiful and mysterious ' -LCB- Proof -RCB- ' takes the lives of two math geniuses , a professor at the University of Chicago , Robert -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- , and his aspiring student daughter , Catherine -LRB- Gwyneth Paltrow -RRB- . Both are gifted and both suffer from mental illness . Ingeniously , we see the movie from inside Catherine 's fragmented consciousness . Her perception of scrambled time with memories that are elusive makes us passengers inside her struggling mind . She is his caretaker , but she assumes the independence -LRB- and talent -RRB- to go to Northwestern and materialize her education . In the meantime , her father has died , which shatters all the time frames . Sister Claire -LRB- Hope Davis -RRB- comes from New York to the funeral . We find her an irritating presence , but she is intriguing . Is she thoughtful to Catherine or not ? Everything from shampoo conditioner to funeral arrangements is taxing for Catherine -- and it shows . She finds some needed love and reassurance from her father 's understudy , Hal -LRB- Jake Gyllenhaal -RRB- , and this is where the split comes between audience and protagonist . Paranoid , she suspects he is some opportunist trying to feed upon her and her father 's legacy . Although even her suspicions are logical.The film posts some important questions for us to ponder . How crazy was Robert during his lifetime ? How much of a genius ? And , especially how much do these two dynamics fit in for Catherine ? She does n't know herself . It is hard for Catherine to sort out the truth from fiction in her scattered consciousness , but she finds out the truth , and so do we . The way the story is presented is fascinating and emotionally rewarding . Based on a Pulitzer Prize winning play by David Auburn . Kudos for director John Madden , who gets us into Catherine 's skin , taking advantage of film in a way that the theatre ca n't . ' -LCB- Proof -RCB- ' is sometimes a beautifully heartbreaking film with revelations that are poignantly presented . -LRB- 4 1/2 * 's -RRB-
 ` Proof ' is from the director of ` Shakespeare in Love ' and starsAcademy Award Winners Gwyneth Paltrow -LRB- Best Actress , ` Shakespeare in Love ' -RRB- and Anthony Hopkins -LRB- Best Actor , ` The Silence of the Lambs ' -RRB- ; As well as Academy Award Nominee Jake Gylenhaal -LRB- Best Supporting Actor , ` Brokeback Mountain ' -RRB- and Hope Davis . ` Proof ' tells the storyof Catherine -LRB- Paltrow -RRB- a young woman taking care of her brilliant fatherRobert -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- . Well , Robert was brilliant . He used to be a famed mathemetician who made an incredible breakthrough in his twenties . Now he 's crazy and just writes nonsense in a never ending series of notebooks . But then Robert dies and a former student of his , Hal -LRB- Gyllenhaal -RRB- volunteers to go through all the notebooks . Meanwhile , Catherine 's sister Claire shows up and claims that Catherine 's sanity is slipping ... And maybe it is . Well , anyway , there you have my synopsis of the movie . I do recommend the movie , it 's entertaining and interesting . All the actors are great , especially Hopkins who 's not even in the film that much . The movie was adapted from a play and in most cases -LRB- unless you 're Tyler Perry -RRB- movies transition well from plays . Well , hope you like it.GRADE
 I have to admit , I was surprised by this one . I was convinced it would bore me to tears ; but quite the contrary . The cast is uniformly excellent -LRB- surprised at no recognition for Davis and Paltrow at award time -RRB- . Anyway this unfolds like a mystery and surrounds itself with a hint of depressed madness . Dour sounding - but it 's not . Gyllenhall brings great energy to his scenes and Hopkins is all demented gusto.If you are looking for a thought-proking piece of drama , stop here .
 Ebert like the tie into Chicago and gave this movie 4 stars . I liked it and my son goes to UofC so I liked the Chicago tie-in too . The acting is strong . The characters are interesting . The dialog , especially between the daughter and her father is always at multiple levels . The conversations interweave logic , math , and interpersonal concerns . My favorite part is where the Anthony 's character -LRB- the father -RRB- encourages Gwenyth 's character to stop moping and start working . He uses the properties of the number 1729 to good effect.The movie is a little slow and predictable so I knocked a star off . If you did n't have a tie into it like `` math '' or Chicago , I could see where it could drag . The flashbacks are supposed to be slightly confusing . She 's having problems with the death of her father and her mental states . I did n't understand the criticisms of the other reviewers of the movie based on the flashbacks . Some of the confusion was intentional.The movie was elegant and thoughtful .
 As a former acting student , I 'd like to concentrate on what I liked about the performances of thefour lead actors in -LCB- PROOF -RCB- . Gwyneth Paltrow , as Catherine , plays the daughter of a genius father who has recently died . Her sense of loss after caring for him for the previous five years , and her fear that she might have inherited his insanity colors Paltrow 's performance throughout . The subtleties Gwyneth uncovers of her character 's dilemma remind me of a well rehearsed symphony . There are no wrong notes anywhere.Anthony Hopkins , as Robert , the father , expertly portrays the agony of a brilliant man losing his ability to do his life 's work . In the hands of a less experienced actor , this could have been over-dramatically done . But , in the hands of Hopkin 's , every time he was on screen , I had just the right amount of sympathy , hope , and affection for his character.Jake Gyllenhaal , who plays Hal , Robert 's zealous former student , plays this multifaceted character with all the uncertainty inherent in his desire to bring glory to his former professor , satisfy his desire for Catherine , help her solve her dilemma , and finally to bring glory to his own career . Gyllenhaal is one of those actors that in theater terms is someone who has stage presence in spades . I have to watch everything he does and says on film.Hope Davis , as Claire , Catherine 's sister , plays the over-confidant , irritatingly organized , much-too-late to be really helpful sibling to perfection . From the minute she shows up , I 'm turned off , and as I see that she and Catherine 's personalities mix like vinegar and water , I despise her character more and more , but was forced when the film was over to admit , `` Wow , she did that really well . ''
 After we saw this movie , my husband and I both agreed that `` Proof '' and `` Doubt '' are twin -LRB- if not identical -RRB- productions , and would make a great theater/film class assignment
 Outstanding performances , riveting , winding and weaving through family crisis centered on a deceased , enigmatic father figure . I ca n't give away any more than that . But there is a story about mathematical discovery here , not a bad one ; and contrary to what other reviewers have assumed , there are mathematical anecdotes , some proof , the details we 're left imagining belong to any number of questions that have been asked about the prime numbers . That is secondary , this movie is about a struggle between the dramatized popular mythos of intellectual productivity ; and the catastrophe of American anti-intellectualism . Again , a movie is a byproduct of culture , working people in a contemporary setting who 's creative output engenders their own misperceptions -- it is not a documentary about mathematics , and the movie construct in consumer idolatry does n't presume to play umpire
 Proof is a great adaptation of the theatrical play to the big screen . The movie feels quite a lot like the play and so the audience is treated to intelligent dialogue and acting . Gwyneth Paltrow 's performance is , in my opinion , her personal best while Anthony Hopkins and Jake Gyllenhaal both give solid performances . This is an intelligent movie which delves into the love of a daughter towards her father and how such an obviously real human emotion can never be analytically proved .
 Everyone is this movie is phenominal . As always Anthony Hopkins is awesome and Jake Gylenhaal is great . But Paltrow is PHENOMINAL ! I think she should definitely be nominated for an Oscar Best Actress and so should Anthony Hopkins for an Oscar Best Supporting Actor . Ca n't wait to buy this on DVD .
 Friday two people mentioned seeing DVD Proof , Saturday my Tai Chi instructor recommended it . Sunday I watched the director 's voice over version -LRB- Special Features
 Let me start by stating that dramas are not typically my cup of tea . I enjoy who-done-its , thrillers , and action movies but periodically venture into other categories -LRB- and thankfully so -RRB- . This movie tells the story of a brilliant mathematician -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- who suffers from a mental disorder such as schizophrenia . Catherine -LRB- Paltrow -RRB- is the mathemetician 's daughter who drops out of college to care for him while Catherine 's sister moves to New York . After Catherine 's father dies , a mathematical `` proof '' is discovered in the house by a former student of the father . This proof is believed to have huge significance in the field of mathematics . There are many facets to this movie but at the center is a mystery
 PROOF proves two things that I 've always thought obvious . Theoretical mathematicians can attain fame but not riches , and , unless they jam in a rock band in their spare time , are unlikely to find sexual partners.As the film opens , renowned math professor Robert -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- has just recently died of a ruptured aneurysm , leaving his daughter Catherine -LRB- Gwyneth Paltrow -RRB- alone in their rambling Chicago house . The funeral is to be the next day , for which Catherine 's estranged sister Claire -LRB- Hope Davis -RRB- is flying in from New York City . Also intermittently present is Hal -LRB- Jake Gyllenhaal -RRB- , one of Robert 's former students and now a mathematician in his own right , who , when not casting smoldering looks of longing at Catherine , is going through 113 of his mentor 's handwritten notebooks looking for mathematical insights of genius worth publishing . The thing is , Robert had been `` insane '' for a good part of the last several years , and those notebooks contain nothing but gibberish.This film is as good as it is because of the exceptional performance of Paltrow , perhaps the best of her career , and which should be worth an Oscar nomination . Forget the romantic comedy fluff she 's appeared in previously . Gyllenhaal , Davis , and Hopkins are also strong in supporting roles , but the viewer may not notice.The obvious conflict is between Catherine , emotionally battered from years as her father 's sole care giver while trying to complete her own math studies at Northwestern , and the perky and obnoxious Claire , who 's been off in the Big Apple leading a real life . Then , things heat up when Catherine shares with Hal a notebook squirreled away in Dad 's old desk - a notebook that apparently contains a long-sought mathematical proof that would , if validated , turn the discipline on its collective ear . Hal first believes the proof was authored by Robert because it appears to be in his handwriting . Then Catherine claims that the astounding find was her doing . Unless true authorship can be determined , getting it published will be problematic.Compared to the undoubted power of Paltrow 's dramatic performance , I thought the plot relatively weak . -LRB- Perhaps it 's because differential calculus caused me to flame out and crash as a college frosh decades ago . -RRB- Robert 's mental malady is unconvincing because the audience never really discovers what ails him , and he actually seems pretty normal in most of the flashbacks in which he appears . But weakest was the issue of the proof 's questionable authorship . Well before the film 's conclusion , the audience knows who really wrote it ; Hal strongly suspects , but still ca n't see a way to prove it . OK then , why not just have the pages of the notebook dusted for fingerprints ? The true author would have left them in droves to the exclusion of the other candidate . Hal needs to get out more.As fine a film as this is , tossing out the distractions of Hal and The Proof could have made it a leaner and meaner story of sibling conflict , albeit less of an offbeat love story .
 The product details are so wrong.The man returning to find his girl engaged is not ` Jim Halsey ' , but is ` Jeff Lundy ' . And he does not do stuff to get his girl back - quite the opposite - after his first attempts to change her mind , he does all he can to keep his distance so as not to hurt his good friend , Betty 's now-fiance ' , Gus . The title ` Mr. Reckless ' does n't really encompass the movie ; but does get a bit of a show in a few spots.There are a few funny sides within the program , and a few too-serious subjects presented - one is gambling that gets a hold of Betty 's father , Hugo , and causes serious effects . Another is anger and revenge and causes danger and death because of wrong actions ; the jealousy shows a real bad side.There is some sadness because of the wrong actions . -LSB- I wish they had come up with a different scenario for one part of the ending , but I wo n't say which one , or it would give away the ending . -RSB- Some real-life situations dealt with and some tough action , along with those few humorous sides , makes a pretty good movie . ` Jeff ' does a good , strong job , I think , and presents a side you might want to meet again . : -RRB- Family can watch it - it has no offensive language - it is kept pretty ` clean ' -LSB- outside of the ` oil spills ' :-RRB- ha ha ! and hard-working dirt on the guys ! -RSB- but probably more for ` over 12 ' and ` adult ' preference , mainly because it would probably not keep younger interest and especially not little kids -LRB- an adult could explain the wrong actions of some of the people and how it can be so harmful to others and themselves . -RRB- Worth watching . Glad I discovered it on the Amazon list . :-RRB- -LRB- Amazon , you need better ` proof-reviewers ' to really ` watch ' the movies before they write the details ! I may not know all the actors/cast , but I am glad I watch the program for myself sometimes and not always take the ` details ' word-perfect ! -RRB-
 I really enjoyed this series , it has humor and drama . The actors are very talented also . I recommend this series .
 Having enjoyed this show since it first aired , the beginning of this season took a bit of getting used to -- after all , Lenora Crichlow is essentially the only one left from the original cast.This season is all about resolving her storyline in a grand way -- one that provides her with a door in the most meaningful way possible . But , I 'm not going to lie , it was a wonderfully heart wrenching premise ... I just think it was done in a very poor fashion . The writers attempt a bait-and-switch with what appears to be the enemy-cum-hero . Quite frankly , I did get emotionally invested in the storyline , but reflecting back on it , it has its obvious flaws like any show would.All in all , the new characters are promising for their ability to fill the roles left vacant for them . I especially enjoy the bromance between Hal and Tom , their antics are fun to watch . It 's a different relationship than the one between Mitchell and George , whose friendship always seemed so tragic to me.Following in Annie 's footsteps after the natural conclusion of her storyline , Alex is a wonderfully snarky character filling in the role of resident ghost . Having already explored the dynamics of being a ghost with Annie over the past three seasons , Alex stepped into her fate rather quickly and without having to walk down already well-trod ground.By the end , they introduce a new group of characters known as the Men in Grey , who prove to be very good at hiding supernatural messes . They are seen several times in this season , but are not officially introduced until the very end.So , I gave this 4 out of 5 stars mainly because there are so many things working for them
 Great acting and better story line than the American version . It is both comical and dark . A great dose of both .
 Well written and enjoyable to watch . With a well mixed cast and no fear of final endings and quirky beginnings .
 excellent balance between humor , horror , and humanity ... the show has done a great job of replacing cast members while still maintaining quality ...
 Love this even though I had already seen it on Netflix and did n't know it was the same one but great series .
 Have tissues at the ready ! Thus season is a roller coaster ride which I believe the cast thought was the final season making its end episode all the more poignant .
 I was watching the US version and decided to watch the UK version . Be careful ... very addicting ! It is similar but very different if that makes any kinf of sense .
 Who would ever think that a story about a killer vampire with a conscience , a sweet werewolf , and a ditsy ghost could be so insightful , thought provoking , and just plain entertaining.You ' l laugh out loud , cringe , and maybe even cry -LRB- I did ! -RRB- .
 spoilers alert !!! ************ Wow , how many people can they replace in one season !!! It was an enjoyable season .
 SPOILER ALERT - If you do n't want to know what happens in season 4 , then do n't read this review ! I was sorry to see the last of the original main characters exit in this series , but I was happy with the ending . Great humor , good acting and fun all the way around . Looking forward to season 5 , maybe a new twist with the new characters ?
 With the character changes I was n't sure I would like this season but I loved it !!! Hal is my favorite !!
 Still a good show and the BBC has just started into its 5th season . The story line is totally off the deep end . Should n't complain too much about bizarre story line when the main arc of the story follows a vampire a werewolf and a ghost . I would have liked to see this go in a different direction .
 A ghost , a werewolf , a vampire , and a baby ... living together as a family . It works ! I have enjoyed the entire four seasons and am looking forward to being able to see the final -LRB- sob ! -RRB- season soon .
 I was n't sure how I was going to feel about the major cast changes starting this season but the show is so well written and well acted that it turned out to be just fine .
 Being Human season 4 has turned out to be quite an epic drama.The overall story about the vampire invasion and the war child prophecy leads to a slam bang climax . The familiar faces and the new series characters all face their own moments of truth . It is a seamless transition from the character-driven first three seasons to ... whatever will come next.What I liked most about this final episode is how Annie deals with the situation - she has to make a choice , with none of the options acceptable for her . It turns out heart-breaking and uplifting and ultimately satisfying.I can not wait for the next season .
 Okay , I was very uncertain about continuing this series after finding out that not only did the show lose Mitchell 's character , but George and Nina too ! However , because I have yet to see any bad acting whatsoever in this series and I 've become seriously hooked on its particular weird cross of Supernatural meets Monty Python I decided to stick with Season 4 . And I 'm very glad that I did . Both the new actors who bring the characters Hal and Tom to the show bring their characters to life and continue to charm me . I do n't really think of them as replacements for the ones who 've gone , but simply new friends in their own right . And of course Annie is lovely and sweet , but shows us in this episode that she is n't quite the pushover that she used to be . The first few episodes of the season were a bit shaky for me with so many new people coming onto the scene , but this episode is the one where the new set of friends finally , really click . You get the sense that Annie has once again found a home with her new vampire and werewolf friends and the three are united in their efforts to keep a young baby safe from other supernatural forces that want her dead . Sorry , not giving anything away . If you want to know what I 'm talking about you have to watch the show.Without giving anything away I 'd say if you had been shunning Season 4 , because you ca n't reach for the remote without sobbing then it 's time to dry those tears and keep watching . Because the one thing this show is n't ever going to be is dull and boring .
 sets the weird bar just a little higher . if you like unusual premises and totally unreal situations , youll love this . pure entertainment .
 After Season 3 's shocking ending , I was worried how the show could go on ... and when I saw the new `` three '' housemates cover , I was worried even more ... But ... Fear not!BEING HUMAN Season 4 is turning out to be , if not the best , then as good as the first three seasons . The writing is sharp , the direction is crisp . While Season 1 started with the housemates ' friendship already established , here we get to see how the three supernaturals learn to live - and love - each other , which is great.Truth be told , I do miss Mitchel 's intense private suffering and Annie 's inner demons - Season 1 was about the personal trials of the people who tried to remain human when they were not , the show 's focus had increasingly shifted toward external threats . Season 4 is full-on about the war and how it affects the three housemates . It is more elaborate , taking on a global proportion and it is loopier than ever -LRB- The season starts in the future , of all things -RRB- . It may not be quite as intense as the first seasons , but it is quite enjoyable in its own way .
 Ive been watching the show since season one and ive never once been able to predict whats going to happen in the episode or season . Its one of the only shows out there thats not afraid to kill off main characters . Definately worth watching .
 Being Human is a secret indulgence for me . The former werewolf and vampire were great -LRB- especially Russell Tovey -RRB- but their story had run its course . The two new actors , sorry I do n't recall their names , add some new twists to a very overworked genre .
 I am a huge fan of the British version of this show . I do n't want to spoil it for others so no plot details . American viewers of the entire series need to realize that the cultural references are often quite opaque to us . The colloquial languages of Britain sometimes should be subtitled when exported . The Scots do it . However , I myself enjoy listening to the various dialects and find the challenge worth it . The entire series is wildly absurd , comically serious and somewhat philosophical . Those are just the qualities which the American version does not capture .
 I assumed that season 4 would be the final season . I just do n't see how the show can continue and remain as strong without any of the original cast members . While this season was the least favorite of mine , I found the last episode to be a very satisfying ending to the series . -LRB- If that 's what it was . -RRB- Definitely the best episode of the season .
 I love this show , as far as I 've gone with it , which is only to the totally killer -LRB- ! -RRB- , entire box of Kleenex ending of the 3rd season . I 've never been a huge fan of paranormal characters , but I found that this show really grew on me , or , rather , inside me , with the tenacity of something from Alien . Particularly , I NEVER thought I 'd give a damn about a vampire , but this is the show which finally changed all that . The first 3 seasons build in an interesting way , as a series of back-flashes in which we learn more and more about the 3 main characters
 I agree with the previous reviewer 's comments that this is the best season so far , and the great news is that Season 5 is currently in production . For those of you who may be familiar with the U.S. version of this show , the British version , produced by BBC , is the original . I enjoy both versions , and am happy to say that with the exception with the similarity of a few of the episodes in Season 1 , each version has gone in entirely different directions and has different storylines . So , if you watch the UK version , you wo n't be getting a duplicate of the US version . I am hard pressed to say which is better , though I guess I 'm leaning slightly towards the UK version , but both are very well thought out and well-worthing watching .
 I have been a huge fan of the BBC Show Being Human since it first made its way to American shores from Great Britain . The actors are great and I love the concept of supernatural beings like vampires , werewolves and ghosts all trying to get along in the world and coexist side by side with humanity in ways that one can relate to . They have many of the same problems we all have
 I hate how they turned this into the show about the ghost . She evolved from a frightened murder victim to empowered supernatural being over the first three seasons . But killing off all the characters but her , it 's essentially a different show - and worse for it .
 I want to know what the song is in the rewind . I love it but nothing tells me what it is or where i can buy it . If someone could tell me what it is that would be fantasmic .
 I am not one to buy something when I can have for free so to speak , but thank you Amazon.com for providing this series in it 's entirety uncensored.If you have watched the last 3 years of this program you of course have doubts as to how it could possibly go on with so many changes , believe me it works . This is a new day with new problems and believable characters which are brilliantly acted . There 's a surprise around every corner , I ca n't wait for next week.As to why buy it now and here , well ... I tried watching on our American version of the station that runs it , talk about disappointing ! We yanks are amazing , show body parts and violence but say a `` naughty '' word and it just ca n't be done ! This program I watched the day after airing uninterrupted and in it 's entirety ! What a pleasure . I highly recommend viewing this show through Amazon Streaming , came through crystal clear on my computer I did n't even need the HD version , ca n't wait for next week . Costs less than a cup of coffee per episode!The show gets a 5 star from me for being creative and well done ... shockingly well done . Amazon gets 5 stars for offering a fabulous service in a timely manner delivered to so many of my devices , well it 's a go for this viewer . Enjoy season 4 of Being Human UK and enjoy watching it thru Amazon.com !
 The end of the third series had been dramatic with the killing of Mitchell by George . But nothing is simple in this fourth series . Nina has disappeared because after giving birth to a girl she does not have time to name she is destroyed by some vampiristic mob . George is paranoid about the prediction that the baby is the saviour of humanity and has to be killed by the vampires when they come to take over the world , he understands it as if she had to be killed for vampires to be able to take over . He is unable to survive very long in that paranoia and thus he leaves Annie and the baby with an unfinished job , in his mind at least . If he knew the truth he would really be frightened . But the house is a real crossroads for vampires , werewolves and ghosts , provided they are all detached from the real monstrous things they may represent and they are trying to live human lives.A young werewolf comes back , Tom , and he is known of us so he is easily accepted and integrated even before George disappears . But he is still a kid and he has to learn how to fight and kill vampires since werewolves have that divine task to do.The vampire is more difficult to find . He is Hal , but in fact this is a nickname and they learn in due time he is an old one who has decided to leave the flock and wean himself , which he has been doing for fifty five years now , a short time after all when compared to the extreme length of his living dead survival he calls a life . And being this old one he is also the future king of the vampires when they take the world over . He is Prince Harry , a common name for a prince since Shakespeare and quite popular nowadays.But this series has a new tone in a way because it is the series in which the old ones are coming to take over the world and they have to be destroyed . But the problem is the prediction . The baby called Eve by George on his death bed is the saviour of humanity . But is she the one who can protect humanity by being alive against the vampires ? Or is she the one who can stop and destroy all the old ones by dying ? Or is she the one who can open the gates to vampires by dying ? The same question is at the heart of these questions
 I loved seasons one through three . The companionship , the turmoil , everything was perfect . The emotions that tore at the soul was exquisite . Season four is dull . Each show with the exception of the first is awkward with everyone trying to fit into this new little family . That fake doll they 've got playing Eve is creepy because it is so obviously fake . I do n't care about the new vampire and his OCD ways . Love the werewolf but who does n't love puppies ? Even Annie is boring . How the heck can she not know that she can send a vampire flying through the air and why does n't she do it ? Episode 5 has no sound and the thing is I do n't care cause I 'm not missing anything . I know it 's open for another season , but if it does n't pick up soon , I 'm gon na bail and stick to the Scyfy version . Gads ! I never thought I would say that.update 1/30/13 Must of been in a bad mood when I wrote the review for I have continued to watch season 4 multiple times . I think I needed to get over the shock of the characters who left the show . It did leave me so sad and it all seemed so futile . But the dead must continue on living and I do love the new ghost and I 'm enjoying watching the new wolf grow up . The new vamp ... I think he can step up to the plate when needed . Not nearly as hot as Mitchell , but I think he 'll grow on me.I also enjoyed the new characters that were introduced in this season - granted they are mostly dead-dead now as well , but it was good writing and good story telling . I 'll be happy when season five arrives . As for the Scyfy version - BBC is still way better . : - -RRB-
 I was certain that when Mitchell was killed at the end of season 3 that the show would never be the same . However , George was my favorite character and he would be there with Annie and Nina.When I realized that George and Nina would not survive past the first episode of season 4 , I was very upset . But I kept watching because Annie was still there . She is a wonderful character.I soon realized that the show is so well written and acted that new characters can come on be just as wonderful as the previous characters . Such is the case in season 4 . I soon fell in love with the new werewolf and vampire characters and enjoyed them as much as Mitchell and George.All previous seasons are fantastic and season 4 is no exception . Buy or watch season 4 without any hesitation . It is worth your time and money.As another reviewer said , do n't compare it to the US version . The British version is superior in every way.Thank you .
 Just streamed this in because i missed the BBC-A broadcast and i have to say that Instant video has gotten loads better since Season 3 . The broadcast was continual and there were no issues , which was a nice.Season 4 of Being Human picks up where Season 3 left everything , with Mitchell dead and the roommate 's in a spiral . It is not the only thing to have happened , however , and the happenings are huge . By the end of this episode the show will have gone through an enormous change and it leaves a lot of questions up in the air . I do not want to ruin any of that , because it kind of shocked me just how much they were willing to rearrange things . It also made for quite the show.Switching to scenes from 2037 , there is a storyline being developed here that deals with George and Nina 's baby , the War Child , and a prophecy that vampires have on it . I liked that idea , and the way the show was presented made me really wonder what was happening . honestly , I was afraid this would be a `` getting over Mitchell '' episode but it was far from that . It was a `` changing everything forever '' kind of show that makes me think that maybe the show is going out and going with a bang.I really liked the fact that they put some human in here , too , keeping some parts very serious and some parts light . The beginning kind of sits a tone there , contrasting the protective George and the seriousness in the home . There is also the introduction of some new faces , lots of them , and a new trinity of roomies that may be a new focal point . Combine that with a lot of `` go '' and you have the episode.I 'm really looking forward to the show this season - 5/5
 Being Human , Series Four , is the epitome of good television writing.While most stories go downhill after killing off a single main character , Toby Whithouse and his writing staff manage to lose their ENTIRE core cast and cunningly write an 8-episode season that is as witty , entertaining and heartfelt as its initial debut . Series Four will leave you crying tears of sadness and joy , and begging for more.The character deaths are handled with love and respect -- each character 's exit feels natural and is meticulously purposeful -LRB- no deaths for ratings and shock value -RRB- ; fans who hung in for the ride will be greatly rewarded in the season finale . Additionally , the new characters have as much individual depth and chemistry as the original cast -- and without the slightest attempt to be carbon copies nor campy foils of their predecessors . What you get is a fresh start , that mourns WITH the viewer and is hopeful without being patronizing.Even for the most sentimental and skeptical fans , Series Four is definitely worth a try .
 First things first : PLEASE - Do not compare the BBC version of this show to the Americanized version shown on Sci - Fi which is a pale copy at best . How they can call it `` A Sci - Fi original series '' is beyond me.Now onto the review : Havent gotten the disk yet but having watched the full season I will be purchasing this on Blu Ray as soon as it comes out.While I will miss Mitchell , George and Nina , I find that the new additions to the cast to be at least equal to the old . Hal - The Old One , Tom , Alex are great . Cant say enough about the heart of the show AnnieThe only thing that needs to be said of the story arc is that ... . The Old Ones are coming !
 Being Human cast are mesmerizing . The story line is engaging . I love this series !!! I hope they keep making the series .
 Bought all the other season and loved them . Can not wait to watch this season and will be waiting for the next season to come out .
 I love the american and british version of this series ! I think the British version is a bit better though .
 i saw this one over the weekend i love this one it was so good . love almost all the actors i just didnt see no reason why the son was there just a waste of a check .
 This play was like so serious ! I loved it ! The actors were excellent and the storyline wasnt predictable . I just happened to watch it on GMC , because I did not feel like changing the channel and I am sooooooo glad I did . Alot of familiar faces , good music , good everthing ! LOVED IT *
 I love anything Elise Neal so that pretty much sums it up but anyway it is definitely worth watching witha fine cast and very good acting
 I bought this play solely off of the reviews that I read about it and I have NO regrets about buying it . This plays is soooo good . The dvd arrived at my house in record time and in excellent condition . This play and the seller get 5 stars from me ...
 This was awesome with twist and turns and you could not predict what was going to happen next ! New characters with some old , all cast members did an excellent job!This is great clean fun for the whole family our children enjoyed this and so did we!Even though a marriage looks like it is over or at it 's worse , does not mean things ca n't change ! And whew the secrets that are in this wow you will have to watch this to see . . Do n't want to spoil this for viewers!You will be entertained , you will laugh , cry , and be inspired , you will be encouraged . This is a must see and should be seen by all married couples and ones that are deciding to get married.Great to add to your collection ! Whew clean fun!If they do it with you , remember they will do it to you ! My grandmothers words she taught us years ago ! Words of wisdom throughout this play!Keep plays/movies like this coming !
 This was a really good movie and i recommended it to everyone I know . It has wonderful messages but some did need a little more depth before the movie ended - that was the down side . I love how they showed a women cheating instead of the man for a change.I really enjoyed it because for a few parts you got a different out come then you masy have thought . I will be watching it again on the amazon rental , yet I will also be buying it to add to my collection . I love plays that have the gospel and a great message . And I really like that i can watch them now before i buy . Thanks amazon you never fail to amaze me !! A great company surely on estop shopping . Does any body have any more play recommendations ?? This movie also gave me somethings to re-evaluate .
 I thought this was a good play , I really enjoyed it . The guy -LRB- ca n't remember his name -RRB- from the Martin Lawrence show was very , very funny -LRB- enjoyable -RRB-
 Just got this movie . It is good but I think it needed to run a bit longer for the themes to be well drawn out . For a stage play it was very clear and audible . The acting was good , just needed more depth .
 I love the actors in this play . I think the quality could have been alot better given all the great actors . I would have loved this a gift , I 'm just sorry I paid as much as I did .
 I rented this from Amazon online & I liked it . The actors were good and not over the top . The play also had a relateable scenario . I would definetly recommend it .
 Great historical drama from 1949 of the great discoverer and his ups and downs - trying to convince the rulers of Spain that the world is indeed round . Features great costumes/sets , and performances by a wonderful supporting cast , with Frederic March in title role . I rate it even with another favorite 1949 epic , The Prince Of Foxes -LRB- Tyrone Power -RRB- - although this one was filmed in color . 5 stars !
 A must see ! If you enjoy old movies to begin with , this is the one to see ! The details are great , acting wonderful . i was not disappointed . A real keepsake . This was when movies were MOVIES !
 I am grateful that there are these old time movies ! They have higher morals and less gore . This story of Columbus showed a good perspective about him which we do n't get now . The acting was good and the plot was enjoyable .
 Frankly , I had lost my interest in this show the past two years before this seventh season because I felt the show had gotten too freaky , too far out instead of just being the steady solve-the-crime -LRB- s -RRB- program it had been . Well , I gave this seventh season a look on DVD just the past few weeks and was rewarded big-time ! This was the CSI I had known-and-loved from the first four years.The writers tried something brand new , and it worked . They had a serial killer story which stretched the entire season , a little bit at a time . It was the fascinating case of a person who created little `` miniatures . '' You know , those tiny little replicas of rooms , whether in a house or a business , like an old-time soda shop . Only in these , the miniature scene was exactly how CSI workers found the real thing , complete with a murder victim ! It was very well done , and you got just enough every few weeks to keep your interest while other crimes were being solved weekly by the team.Yes , `` Catherine '' had one rough episode , as did `` Greg , '' but the `` Grissom-Sidle '' romance was hardly touched on and , unlike previous years , there were no soap opera episodes . This was a season for crime stories ... period , which is the way I like it.Overall , this has to be one of the finest , if not the best , season of this long-running program .
 Not much difference in the early vs. late stories of the series . I still think they 're interesting and the shows go by fast . I like the development of the characters over the life of the series , made me attached to them . The episodes still overly gory in my opinion , what is ever left to our imaginations these days ? Having the dvd means I can fastforward through the gory parts and I do n't have to sit through commercials . I am collecting the whole series on dvd .
 We have watched the season twice so far and love it - probably the best so far .
 My daughter has all the seasons 1-8 on her list . She is majoring in the Sciences in college and took a forensics course and liked it ! Thanks for a speedy delivery !
 The seventh season of the original CSI -LRB- Las Vegas -RRB- is a wonderful rollercoaster of suspense with the minature killer storyline and even some light hearted fun with the episode Lab Rats.The commentaries are really interesting and the behind the scenes featurettes add more light and shade to the episodes especially ones about the minature killer . If you are a fan of Cirque du Soleil and CSI all your dreams come true in the opening episode when a dead body is discovered at Cirque 's Las Vegas show KA . There is even a featurette that shows how the episode was filmed and behind the scenes at KA .
 great . i collect all the csi programs . am addicted to them and many other american stuff ... fantastic keep up the good work
 THis season is better than the sixth !! More story is given about Grisham and Sarah . The miniture killer was strung all the way through the season . It was great ! It seems like the show is going to continue to get better . The ending is left with a cliff hanger and that is the only negative .
 i am a big cis fan and have found the 7th season to be the best yet . . great directors and story lines . .
 Every CSI season , has it 's best episodes & this season is no exception . In addiction , to the Miniature Murders , this season also offered , something special for my fellow , Joe Penny fans . Mr. Penny , is best known for his roles , has Nick Ryder , of Riptide , Jake Styles of Jake & the Fatman & now Frank Darnell of Hallmark 's Jane Doe Series.Giving an amazing performance , Mr. Penny , appeared has Jack Oakley in the episode
 CSI Season 7 was an absolute masterpiece . The plots were tight . The subplots even tighter -LRB- especially the dynamic of Greg killing a young man in self defense , the emergence of Hodges as an unsung hero , the addition of the ultra-talented Liz Vassey to the cast , the chemistry between Catherine/Keppler and Grissom/Sara . -RRB- The miniature killer theme is right up the alley with Hitchcock 's finest , and the acting performances put this CSI above all other CSI and Law & Order shows . Every single episode during season seven was done with the trademark of Bruckheimer and Zuiker 's unyielding excellence and class . It was impossible to take your eyes off of the screen , whether you are wondering what the miniature killer will do next , or watch Marg Helgenberger give her best career performance in the episode `` Leaving Las Vegas , '' or the lab techs come within an eyelash of solving the riddle of the miniature killer in `` Lab Rats . '' For fans of this show , thinking back through the episodes , it is just amazing places season seven took us , and the cliffhanger that will lead us all into season 8 serves as only a small slice of the tasty treats that this show is capable of offering . After all these episodes , it never gets stale or contrived . Every now and then , a show comes along that defines a generation and a genre , much like Seinfeld did for sitcoms during its run , and Star Trek and Twilight Zone did nearly half a century ago for sci-fi/horror . This show is one for the ages . Pick up this DVD . Push play , and let this cast take you for one unforgettable ride!Episodes from Season Seven IN ORDER : -LRB- 1-2 -RRB- Built To Kill Part 1 & 2 , -LRB- 3 -RRB- Toetags , -LRB- 4 -RRB- Fannysmackin , -LRB- 5 -RRB- Double Cross , -LRB- 6 -RRB- Burnout , -LRB- 7 -RRB- Post Mortem , -LRB- 8 -RRB- Happenstance , -LRB- 9 -RRB- Living Legend , -LRB- 10 -RRB- Loco Motives , -LRB- 11 -RRB- Leaving Las Vegas , -LRB- 12 -RRB- Sweet Jane , -LRB- 13 -RRB- Redrum , -LRB- 14 -RRB- Meet Market , -LRB- 15 -RRB- Law of Gravity , -LRB- 16 -RRB- Monster in the Box , -LRB- 17 -RRB- Fallen Idols , -LRB- 18 -RRB- Empty Eyes , -LRB- 19 -RRB- Big Shots , -LRB- 20 -RRB- Lab Rats , -LRB- 21 -RRB- Ending Happy , -LRB- 22 -RRB- Leapin Lizards , -LRB- 23 -RRB- The Good The Bad & The Dominatrix , -LRB- 24 -RRB- Living Doll
 The seventh season of the smash hit , original C.S.I. found the show still going strong , as opposed to when many network hits fizzle out by this time in their life . The season opens with Grissom -LRB- William Petersen -RRB- and Sara -LRB- Jorja Fox -RRB- keeping their relationship secret as a mystery unfolds regarding a killer who leaves behind exact , incredibly detailed , miniature replicas of the crime scene . As the rest of the season unfolds , Greg -LRB- Eric Szmanda -RRB- finds himself in a predicament he never foresaw , Catherine -LRB- Marg Helgenberger -RRB- finds herself playing the role of victim , and when Grissom goes out of town , a shady transfered cop named Keppler -LRB- the excellent Liev Schreiber -RRB- arrives on the scene ; culminating in one of the best storyarcs the series has ever seen . As the season winds to a close , the CSI 's close in on the miniature killer , and the season concludes with one of their lives in jeopardy , and the others desperate to make things right . Undoubtedly one of the best seasons of the show in it 's entire run , the original -LRB- and best -RRB- C.S.I. remains one of the best crime dramas to ever grace prime time network TV , and the seventh season is a prime example why .
 This , by the way , is the second review I 've written for this - do n't know where the first one is . Having said that ... Each season I keep saying the same thing , - this show keeps getting better and better . I feel this show always manages to stay fresh and interesting and I love it more and more with each new season . I ca n't wait for this release.The first episode in this season is Built To Kill where we are waiting to see more of what we found out in the last episode of season 6 - that Grisolm and Sara had gotten together . My favourite episode is Happenstance where identical twins have been seperately killed and the team try to work out whether the case is related or not . If you want a total recap of each episode then here it goes : Built To Kill 1 - Foul play is suspected when an apparent suicide victim still has the gun in his hand , and a flower delivery woman is found crushed to death in the middle of a Cirque du Soleil performance . -LRB- Look for a special appearance from John Mayer.Built To Kill 2 - Grisolm investigates the murder of a rock star , which is complicated by the discovery of a miniature replica of the crime scene at the house . And Catherine tries to determine if she was raped after waking up nude in a seedy hotel.Toe Tags - A group of dead bodies in the Las Vegas morgue get to know each other while CSI tries to solve the crimes that got them there.Fannysmackin ' - -LRB- another favourite of mine -RRB- A gang of street thugs is beating and killing people all over the city . Greg witnesses one of the crimes taking place and becomes a beating victim himself.Double Cross - A lounge singer is found crucified inside a Catholic church , and the church 's new pastor fails to disclose that he knows the victim from all the way back to high school.Burn Out - A pedophile arsonist maintains his innocence in the disappearance of two young boys , but he is also willing to help the investigation by giving Grissom insight on the potential kidnapper 's mindset.Post Mortem - Greg has his day in court for running over and killing a street gang member right before his own beating , and a second crime scene replica is found -- this time after the murder of an elderly woman.Happenstance - CSI investigates the deaths of estranged identical twins
 still highly entertaining . But , do n't buy it here . It is dollars cheaper at Cosco , Sams and Best buy ... Why they overprice it here I do not know , but you get a better deal else where .
 This was the strongest season to date . It had a season long story arch that involved everyone in the show . This also had the appearance of a new face while Gil was out of town . This added a nice break from the dynamic that we have all gotten used to . It also had one of most entertaining episodes in years -LRB- Lab Rats -RRB- . I ca n't wait to get my hands on this one .
 There are various things going on with the people this time around . Whether its Gregg witnessing a gang beating and becoming a victim himself `` Fannysmackin '' . Katherine having a little too much to drink and winding up in a motel and wakes to wonder whether she 's been assaulted or not . It 's a lot going on in other episodes as well with various issues . It goes without saying that you wo n't be bored anything or character in Season 7 of CSI as they continue to up their game and keep finding more interesting cases to tackle and underlying stories between the office as a whole.After 7 seasons one would think that CSI would be slipping up or become complacent about its longevity . But that is so not the case especially with Season 7 . Each episode has a little something different to it whether its `` Lab Rats '' where the other workers in the CSI office take a front seat to try and help Grissom solve the mystery behind the miniature killer . This is an ongoing arc throughout this Season and it requires all the characters help in piecing together exactly who 's doing this and better yet why . `` Living Doll '' , it ends with a cliffhanger as Sarah has been kidnapped by the miniature killer leaving things wide open on what will actually happen to her will Grissom , Katherine and the others make it to her in time.Some of my favorite episodes from this include : `` Built to Kill , Part 1 '' `` Fannysmackin '' `` Living Legend '' `` Lab Rats '' `` Living Doll '' the season ender with a big cliffhangerThe whole season is worth purchasing in any respect as in also includes Special Features - `` Inside Built to Kill '' , `` Miniature Murders '' , `` Who Are You ? Inside Living Legend '' , `` Las Vegas
 to be honest i loved this season , for several reasons . the creators finaly exploited another aspect of show , they focused more on cast social life 's than overly flexed forensics angle -LRB- we were tired of same forensics stories bening twisted and repeated -RRB- we saw more and more of the cast 's personal lifes being bought on screen and their relationships with each other and thier demons . the season started with a bang and ended in the same way , the plot arcs and stories were very enjoyable . -LRB- some of episodes were best of the series here -RRB- but my only problem with season was the anti-shocking finale , they were setting it up beautifly all season long for a great climax , only to throw it all away -LRB- i wont go into details of what happend -RRB- but the finale was anti-climatic apart from one subplot , and they gave it away very cheaply and poorly , apart from that its was an excellent season for the cast and creaters .
 As usual with this series , it 's great . I do n't always get to watch the series during the regular season , but do always buy it when it goes to DVD . It 's laid out nicely and easy to follow .
 This is my favorite season of CSI because of two great story lines . The first one involves the team 's hunt for the elusive Miniature Killer , which ends in a truly gripping and haunting climax . The second one involves the introduction of a new CSI , Michael Keppler -LRB- played by Liev Schreiber -RRB- . The Keppler story line has a great film noir feel that will delight fans of crime fiction .
 Does anybody still wonder why CSI is the # 1 TV Series ? I guess that 's no secret
 In its seventh season , CSI is as strong in it 's story-telling , as it wasin its first season . The stories were original and kept the viewerinterested . The miniature-killer storyline was an especiall good nail-biter . CSI seems to have kept its high standards , unlike other showsthat slowly die out .
 CSI is one of the programs that continues to get better and better . The story line improves every season with constant spirals of character development . I am already watching the next season and I can not believe how it continues to remain interesting . If you were thinking about getting into a program and like crime shows , this would be my recommendation .
 I ordered this from Amazon when the local Best Buy did not have enough copies to sell off the shelves . This occurs sometimes and I can always rely on AMAZON to come through with what I need for my video collection . I was pleased with the product , it arrived in excellent shape and , as usual , was just what I wanted . THANKS AMAZON!Barry Willard
 Must have for any fan . Special features on the last DVD in the set gets better and better with every season , and this is no exception . See how the whole Miniature Killer story line came to be and the the making of the models . Plus , the commentaries with episodes are good show choices . As Greg would say , `` Sweet ! ''
 A great thriller . . marking another series and more drama in the world of Crime ... . After Series 5 this has to be the best series with the Minature Killer dumb-founding even Grissom ! Tushay to him as the standard template of Hero vs Villan -LRB- Hero winning in the end -RRB- really aint everyones kettle of fish . CSI Series 7 is action packed and will keep you guessing till the very last disc ...
 I have been watching CSI since it started . I had to have the episodes with the Grissom/Sarah romance . I 'm a hopeless romantic and I just love forensic shows . I learned so much from the show and had quite a few laughs . This show is so interesting and it keeps my attention throughout each episode . I favor certain seasons over others as you can see , but the show keeps getting better !
 CSI Season 7 is stellar and shows why this show is the best crime drama on television . Hodges , Greg and Sara are showcased this season and grow as characters . Sara and Gil 's relationship is revealed , the terrific Liz Vassey joins the cast . The miniature killer takes center stage and provides a proper nemesis for the CSI crew , staying just one step ahead of Gil & Co throughout the season and culminating in the cliffhanger finale . The combination of great casting , brilliant scriptwriting , and the vibrant cinematography make this show one for the ages .
 I must admit , I 've grown tired of CSI . However , I had to rent this episode as I love Lady Heather 's character . I only wish she was with Grisom instead of Sarah , who is a total snore . Great episode .
 CSI is an amazing drama that centers more on forensics , than everything else that goes along with a crime / medical series . This episode as well as part one , show that the characters are well built , close and human . they are sybject to the same world in which their `` clients '' are , indeed !
 Received the product within reasonable time after purchase , 3-4 days . DVD 's arrived in good shape and played very well on my dvd player w / no problems .
 This item arrived quickly . It arrived in excellent condition . It worked exactly like it was supposed to . The item met a special need very well . Thank you Amazon for having it .
 the product was better than expected and went well with other products I purchsed from this vendor thanks for the buy
 I am a big fan of CSI I have all the seasons except the newly released season 11 ! I love crime shows I like to see that somebody actually cares about justice ... I like CSI Las Vegas because it was the first one I ever watched I grew to love all the actors , especially Grissom he is soooo smart it 's actually quite sexy . . The way he is always calm , focused & sharp witted . . I like the story lines that always leave you guessing when ones love interest in another started . . It 's very subliminal but yet not . . I recommend this particular series because it gives the viewer a taste of what Vegas looks like , but has story lines of why they say what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas . . Happy viewing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This CSI Season is another great one ! Stories are always interesting and enjoyable . Peterson is one of my favorites . Would highly recommend !
 I am one of those people who chooses not to pay for cable so I buy the programs I enjoy and know that will enjoy watch many times . This series is one of my favorites and I have just about all of the seasons . I really like William Peterson so I am not sure I will buy any more once he leaves in season 8 or 9 . I find that when I watch them again I see something I missed the times before so it is well worth the money to be able to have control over what I watch and when I watch it .
 I love all the old seasons , this one is no exception . The cases actually start getting more hard to guess though , I used to be able to call it half way through the show , now it keeps me guessing til the end .
 Roger Daltrey is excellent playing a bad character , he did a great job on `` Living Legend '' for CSI !!!!!!!!
 As many people said this show kept getting better each year.The crimes are interesting and the cast is believable and solid.The introduction of the new Character Keppler was a great move although his sudden demise due to a corrupt cop is this seasons one strained aspect . After all if the corrupt cop was going to kill his partner he would be unlikely to do it in Vegas when he 's from Trenton . However that 's not implausible and he was after all blackmailing Keppler . So people do things all the time that do n't make any sense even bad cops . So even a strained episode of `` CSI '' is still top rate entertainment.Overall the series was at it 's peak during this season and the next.The ninth season is excellent too but long time viewers are without three of their favorite characters . As many posters pointed out this is one of the entire series best seasons and that 's true enough because it remains a fascinating show and thankfully there 's no techno soundtrack like on later episodes of `` CSI New York '' . -LRB- which is a great show otherwise -RRB- . And that 's just another reason to enjoy this wonderful show .
 The CSI team gets caught up in some topical , racial issues in this season . With a wrongful death lawsuit and all kinds of political turmoil to deal with . It gets kind of tenuous for a while but as always our brilliant CSI team with their religious adherence to the pursuit of truth via the scientific method wins the day . But I do n't want to spoil it for those who have n't seen this season yet so ... I 'll leave it at that . Enjoy the pursuit . There 's nothing like unraveling the gory truth with CSI Nevada !
 CSI LV , CSI Miami , and CSI NY are the best series I have ever seen , and they keep getting better . I own all the series seasons and I am planning to purchase CSI NY Season 3 , CSI Miami the 5th Season , and CSI LV the 7th Season as soon as they are available . I sincerely hope they continue to produce new series for all 3 . I can not wait to purchase them because I like to watch every episode together , of all the series out there , CSI and House MDHouse , M.D. Season Three Disc 3are the best in my opinion.C.S.I . Crime Scene Investigation - The Complete Seventh SeasonCSI Miami - The Fifth SeasonC.S.I . New York - The Third Season
 Empec&eacute; a ser fan de esta serie ya en la temporada 5 y de una vez compr&eacute; todas las dem&aacute;s temporadas hacia atras.Siempre ha sido sensacional , esperar cada semana el pr&oacute;ximo capitulo para ver qu&eacute; cosas habr&aacute; para resolver.En esta temporada mi ansiedad fue al l&iacute;mite . No pod&iacute;a esperar toda una semana para saber lo que iba a ocurrir . Fue tanta mi desesperaci&oacute;n que tuve que abandonar la serie y me dedique sencillamente a esperar que estuviera disponible en dvd para sentarme tranquilo y sin interrupciones de manera continua a ver todos los capitulos.Gran sorpresa la m&iacute;a al terminar con el &uacute;ltimo cd . No apto para card&iacute;acos ni personas con altos niveles de ansiedad como es mi caso.En fin , entretenimiento de alto nivel , muy razonable por el precio que se paga.Robert Santos.-Republica Dominicana
 This particular season is excellent . I cant wait until season 8 lands on Amazon.CSI is far superior to the other CSI shows -LRB- New York & Miami -RRB- . Season 7 ends with a bang and leaves you drooling for more , like every other season.Great series , great acting , great stories !!!
 Every year CSI gets better . This is no exception . Willows is hot . She gets better with age .
 it was 54 $ at best buy we will not do this on line if this is what you get to pay more + shiping WE LOVE AMAZON BUT YOU ASK FOR WHY TO MUCH NOW!U WILL SEE USE
 I first started watching CSI during the second season and promptly bought the first on DVD . I buy every season when it comes out . I agree that this show is still going strong into its 7th season . I 'll be sad when this season ends in a few episodes as a result of a writers ' strike that I fear will last several months.I only have two issues with CSI . This also applies to the others to some degree . -LRB- I love Miami and NY as well . -RRB- I 'm tired of all the darkness . Any real police officer/CSI would turn on the lights before scrutinizing an indoor crime scene . That 's why I deducted a star . I 'd like a little more light on the subject.My other issue is that I think this DVD set is starting to push the limit on price . So glad that Amazon discounts so heavily . Best Buy wants $ 99 ! Usually they give a pretty good price the first week , but in this case they are asking more that list price .
 I love CSI so I was not disappointed . This season had some twists and turns that at first I was not so sure I was happy with , but came to be ok with . What can I say ? I am a BIG CSI fan and am ultimately happy with every season . I have no trouble watching them over and over again !
 Got this for the Roger Daltrey episode . Although known as a rock God , his acting talent is something to be seen . He is a very underrated talent in this area . It 's a side to Roger you 've never seen and should experience .
 This has got to be the best season so far . Each episode only gets better .
 This was exactly what I needed and with fast delivery and easy payment it was perfect for me . .
 Even in its seventh season , CSI continues excellence in complex storylines , compelling characterizations , exotic settings , and development of the theme that evidence speaks loudest for the victims of crimes .
 My daughter asked for this for 2 years in a row ! Great price ! Great communication ! Speedy delivery ! What else could anyone ask for ?
 C.S.I. Crime Scene Investigation - The Complete Seventh Season DvdQuick Delivery ! New Condition . Excellent series.HIghly recommend Amazon !!
 Sarah Laine -LRB- Marie Clifford -RRB- , Brad Johnson -LRB- Jay Clifford -RRB- , Sandra McCoy -LRB- Elena -RRB- , Dina Meyer -LRB- Kristen Richards -RRB- , and Linden Ashby -LRB- Michael Morrison -RRB- , star in this third episode of the `` Wild Things '' movies.Marie is a spoiled eighteen-year-old who stands to inherit two very expensive diamonds from her late mother 's will . However , step father Jay has decided to challenge Marie 's inheritance . He owns a construction company which is deep in debt , and he 's fighting off the advances of local loan sharks to whom he owes money . He wants the diamonds for himself so he can pay off his debts . Enter Elena , the towel girl for Marie 's swim team . Jay starts flirting with Elena at a diving meet and invites her to Marie 's birthday party . Upon seeing Elena arrive uninvited , Marie attacks her , and they begin fighting in the pool.Jay arrives to break up the fight . He then sends all of the party-goers home and invites Elena inside . The following morning , Officers Richards and Morrison show up at Jay 's house and place him under arrest for raping Elena . After a trial , Jay is found guilty and sentenced to fifteen years in prison . But did he really do it ? Marie arrives and pledges to help Jay , but Jay , having no more money , ca n't figure a way out of his mess . Marie suggests that they use the diamonds for money . Jay readily agrees and signs off on his interest in the will . Marie is now free to gain access to the diamonds , but will she keep her word and help Jay ? Hang on , the twists and turns are just beginning!This movie keeps in the same tradition of the first two ; lots of twists and turns to make your head spin . But you become so engrossed that you want to make sure you follow everything through to the end . Also , this movie has the beautiful girls and obligatory sex scenes that viewers have become accustomed to . Make sure to keep watching when the credits begin to roll , because there are some added scenes that will help you straighten all of the twists out . I 've liked each of the previous movies in this series , and I liked this one as well . The plot again is twisting and will keep you guessing until the very end , and , of course , the girls are fun to look at . Watch this movie and experience the twists and turns of yet another `` Wild Things '' adventure in Blue Bay .
 I think WT3 is a pretty decent movie , much better than the second , but do n't expect a clever movie cause you 'll be disappointed . The plot does n't differ too much from the first movie , a man accused of raping a young girl plus the difficult relationship with his step daughter -LRB- Sarah Laine -RRB- with the diamonds in the middle . The low class girl in interpreted by Sarah McCoy as Neve Campbell did that role in the first . Both girls are very good looking especially , Laine . There 's treason , blackmail and a well-thought scheme -LRB- at least in the minds of the characters -RRB- . The revealing ending shows with flashbacks during the credits the key points of the plot , a surprising finale that is hard to anticipate . If you like the first movie , you 'll like the third one .
 Like the origninal Wild Things , this 3rd installments has the same premise , and the twists and turns . It does have its cheesy moments , but when you look back at everything after watching it . Everything comes together and it makes sense . The ladies in the installment are knockouts , and some great scences with them too , if you know what I mean . Not as good as the first one , but much better than the 2nd one . Check it out
 Third installment - the hottest of the bunch . Skip number 2 , yikes that was bad . Number 3 , pretty much the same story as number 1 . There 's no reason to watch this for the story . Get real , watch this for the action . OK , volleyball is gone , traded in for diving . Better choice , wet girls , no sand , same bathing suits.Yeah this is the same old story . Who cares . The two stars get it on a lot . There is a lot of nakedness . A lot of really sweet naked women . Sweet sweet naked women . The first best scene , two kids making out in the garden - oh man she was super sweet and you get a good long look . There is a ton of girl girl action between the two stars . They have the nicest , perkiest , sweetest bodies . That 's all you really need to know , get it for the four or five hot scenes . It works . But remember , there 's no kitty cats shown and no roosters , remember this is r rated main stream stuff.Remember to stick around after the show - during the credits there is a locker room shower scene that is sweet.Horrible story - who stole what , who belongs to what , who double crossed who - bahhhhh - forget it . For this one , there 's no shrinkage Kevin Bacon running around . Grab number 3 for the t and the a , and just enjoy the ride .
 WILD THINGS -LRB- the original -RRB- is the best film in this set ; the film has a real cult following , with its twisted plotline and humid sexuality . The menage a trois featuring Neve Campbell and Denise Richards in a blue swimsuit has attained the same cinematic immortality as Sharon Stone 's scene in BASIC INSTINCT where she crosses and uncrosses her legs , sans panties . Time for a cold shower!The rest of the WILD THINGS movies are direct-to-DVD releases that copy the original but never match it . Still , they are very much worth watching if you 're in the mood for some titillatingly mindless time in front of the TV eating popcorn and wishing you were there .
 ADULT THEME MOVIE I AM SURPRISED A MAJOR STUDIO RELEASED IT . BUT MONEY IS MONEY
 I own the first WTs . And I love to periodically watch it . It seemed like a great send up of a classic film noir , but with a really good modern smutty feel to it . The score on both these is really effective IMO . Someone has labeled it `` Trash of the Gods . `` I own this one too and it 's fun to watch on occassion . Part of the fun is just vicariously living the life styles of the nasty rich , but also being glad you 're not like that.If you have n't noticed this is not the same quality as the first , very straight to video , soft core , mostly unheard of actors . The two lead `` sluts '' look like leftovers from porn . Very rough faces , which no one notices because they 're half naked most of the time.Great fun if this sounds like your cup of tea or you want a guilty pleasure .
 At least the first movie is . The other 2 suck ! If you can find the first movie only for cheaper , do it .
 Pretty good . Story line ok and little bit of the sex scenes . Worth a good buy . I do recommend a viewing
 The 1st Wild Things movie was the best of all 4 of them , the other 3 are pretty much copycats of the original . The movies are good .
 I had the first movie and Ilove it so Iorder them in DVD 's and I love both of them they are great all 3 of them .
 I love Susan ward I just had to get it ! I also love the other movies ` Ive ` already seen all of them but I had to replace my dvds the other ones got lost lol my fault . I was so rooting for Brit she really just seemed like a nice girl ! trying to get what she wanted .
 Wild things 3 is a collection of the three Wild Things movies of the 1990 's and 2000 's in one 3-DVD package . Very fun movies and convenient and inexpensive means of acquiring these movies .
 DVD was entertaining.DVD arrived in a very timely fashion.DVD arrived in excellent condition .
 Good movie ... If you liked Wild Things 2 then you will surely like this one as well
 I love the fact that I got such a great deal on three movies . packaging them in a bu ndle definitely saves on space and plastic . great movies ! definitely recommend buying movies and music on amazon .
 Very well made documentary . Good to see a more comprehensive story on royal families across the globe . Well done National Geographic !!
 This documentary asks compelling questions
 This movie is the best I 've seen in a long , long time . It is sweet and funny and heart-wrenching . -LRB- ... -RRB- I know a good movie when I see one . This is a good one . It also follows the book very well , and the book and the movie -LRB- for me -RRB- are exactly the same on the `` I Love This Story/Movie ! `` Meet Max Kane . Max is a mentally slow boy , but huge in size . The son of a murderer who killed Max 's mother , Max is the only witness to the murder . Max 's father is put in jail . Max then lives with his grandparents for years.Max then meets Freak , who 's his age but very small . He had a birth defect , and was born very small . But Freak 's very bright . More of a genius , really . The two slowly become best friends , fighting villans and saving damsels -LRB- sorta -RRB- . The only problem I gad with this movie was how everyone said how Sharon Stone was the star of this movie and blah blah blah , when she only actually had about three scenes in the entire movie , with about ten lines total . To me , Kieren Culkin and Elden Henson were the real stars of this movie . Great job , guys!Buy this movie and hold it near and dear to your heart-never forget what this movie teaches : love , hope , and faith in that there will always be someone there tomorrow .
 Then this is THE movie for you ... Keiran Culkin -LRB- MacCulley 's younger brother -RRB- plays Kevin , a young man with a serious disease which his internal organs grow faster than he does , which leaves him physically disabled for a lot of things ... Elden Henson plays Max , a big kid for anybody 's standard , but huge for an 8th grader , who thinks he is quite stupid , and lets everybody else believe that also . There is a group of really mean boys while Max and they are in Gym class playing basketball , the mean boys play `` bowling for cripples '' , and aim for Kevin , and just like bowling ball pins
 The Mighty is one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen , and deserves to be considered as an all time classic . It is the kind of film that the industry rarely makes , a masterful direction , a marvellous journey that blends fantasy , camaraderie , and basically life . all actors/actresses gave their best performances to date -LRB- inc. sharon stone -RRB- . The film made me cry , laugh , and stayed with me for a long time , and this is ingredients of cinema like it should be ! Buy It !
 I am just totally in love with this movie , `` The Mighty '' , I am sad to say that there are not enough movies of this nature out there these days . This movie is unique , fresh , simple , and very touching . It displays with great emotion what it is like to be an outsider and how to overcome this by going back in time to some distant place . Kieran Culkin and Elden Ratliff are superb in their roles ; The other acting done by Sharon Stone , Gena Rowlands and Harry Dean Stanton is also fine . I ca n't say enough good things about this movie
 This movie is great for familys . I really enjoyed it . The movie is funny and has a great theme . I believe all ages will enjoy this movie .
 I rented `` The Mighty '' on a whim . I have never been more pleased with a spontaneous video rental.The movie stars Elden Henson -LRB- aka Elden Ratliff , who you may have seen in The Mighty Ducks movies ... he was the kid with the wicked shot -RRB- as Max , a slow 14 year old who is virtually a giant of a boy ; and Kieran Culkin as Kevin , a child who has a dibilitating disease but an intellect advanced well beyond his years . Do n't let the movie box fool you - this is NOT a Sharon Stone movie . In fact , Ms. Stone is in maybe 4 scenes , maximum . Sure , her performance is ok , but this movie really belongs to Henson and Culkin . Henson , to be frank , is excellent . The character of Max has a wide range of emotions throughout the movie - pain , bewilderment , fright , joy , sadness ... He never `` overdoes '' a scene . He BECOMES Max . Absolutely amazing.Culkin is n't so shabby himself - and let 's be honest here , he 's the REAL actor in his family . He plays the role of a boy who knows that sooner or later , he 's going to die - but lives life to the fullest.Ok , this IS a `` feelgood '' movie . But it 's the best of its kind -LRB- forget `` Simon Birch '' , please ... besides , this movie was finished way before `` Birch '' was released . Miramax screwed up royally be releasing `` The Mighty '' late , and not promoting it enough -RRB- . The imagery is awesome , and Henson and Culkin have great chemistry together . I ca n't wait to see more of these two -LRB- and it looks like we 'll at least get to see more of Henson ... he has 3 movies coming out this year -RRB- . Do yourself a favor
 I agree with all the other reviewers . There is something so inexplicably charming about this movie that makes it most unforgettable . The acting by Henson and Culkin are sincere - with Sharon Stone and Gillian Anderson as great supporting characters . The theme of Arthurian knights is a nice touch on this excellent story . I 'm saddened by the fact that this movie did not do as well at the box office . However I do n't believe for a moment that the financial earning of a film is a mark of its excellence .
 I am 12 years old . I watched The Mighty in school , after reading the book Freak the Mighty . The movie and the book were very different , but I 'm not saying they were bad . The Mighty is a story about a boy named Max Kane who is not the smartest person in the world . He befriends a crippled boy named Kevin , and together they become Freak the Mighty ! Slaying dragons , going on quests and `` finding treasure . '' The movie was AMAZING !!! It shows how friendship never fails ! Watch this movie !!! I 'm telling you , you wo n't regret it !!!
 Have you ever noticed that just because someone is different does n't mean that they are a bad person ? This movie is an inspiring peice with great actors and a wonderful heart-felt script . I would gladly reccomend this movie to anyone who wants a good story with a few tears involved .
 Freak the mighty is a book about two boys who are diffrent from everyone else and how they form a friendship . Each one has a quality the other needs and together they become something incredible . This unlikely friendship begins by Maxwell getting a paper bird out of a tree for Freak.This book is exciting and emotionally moving at the same time . Everyone who reads it will be able to relate to the feeling of being different . This book rminds us we are all very similar . I loved this book .
 This movie reminded me of some of the friendship themes of REMEMBER THE TITANS and STAND BY ME . The relationship that develops between the 2 boys seems both mythical and yet believable . Some of their adventures are laughable while others are poignant.Sting 's song FREAK THE MIGHTY not only supports the action on screen but also strengthens the link between medieval fantasy and presentday life that the boys enjoy . Elden Henson is impressive as `` Sir Max '' and could be an excellent character actor for years to come .
 Ithink the mighty was a great succes . It could have used a little more detial about kevin 's father . I think the mighty would be great for other people to watch . the movie did n't tell much of kevin 's pastand how he got the decease . I think the movie could have been a little longer than usual . the mighty was a mix of emotions . this movie teaches us that we can do any thing we put our mind to and if we try hard enough we can succeed . than you for listening to me
 Some folks like to `` put down '' movies that are obviously meant to make a person feel good . This movie really struck me deep down to the core . I was transported back to my own childhood to relive a little pain because I related so much to both of the main characters . With that little bit of pain , I also got to relive a whole bunch of joy , because I also related so much to their triumphs !!! Buy this movie and let yourself feel good .
 This is a very good movie that we saw in class . Chesie 's favorite part of the movie was when Max took Freak to see the firework show at carnival . She enjoyed this part of the movie because Max was reaching out to Freak . He started uderstanding Freaks disability a little more . Ashely 's favorite part of the movie was when Max was in the room waiting for his tutor . Once Freak came in , Max looked shocked . That showed just because people have a certain disability it dose n't mean they 're completey dependent . `` The Mighty '' was a good movie ; however , it was sad at points . Overall it was a great movie because of the lovable characters and lesson that together we can accomplish more than we can on our own .
 Laura and Jessica enjoyed the movie The Mighty on November 13,2003 . The Mighty was a movie that we experienced in our social inclusion class.We liked the fact that Max was able to overcome some of his fears.One of his problems was trying to read.When he met Kevin they knew they would become good friends.We enjoyed the fact that the movie teaches ways to learn and make friends . The most touching moment was when Kevin 's heart overgrew his body and he died.It brought many tears to our eyes throughout the movie.Many things in the movie we could relate to as teenagers.Our favorite parts were when Kevin went to save Max from his father , and when they became friends and stuck up for eachother.We recommend this movie because it 's a good lesson in life to live on .
 The Mighty may not be destined to become a classic , but it scores a lot of points for dealing insightfully with the offbeat theme of two kids who use imagination to overcome the bad hands life has dealt them . It has a lot of heart -LSB- I know that sounds corny ! -RSB- and even more soul.Maxwell Kane -LSB- Elden Hensen -RSB- appears to be the dumbest kid in Cincinnati . He is easily the biggest student in seventh grade because he has failed it twice . Despite his size , he is quiet and passive . He lives with his grandparents , whom he calls Gram and Grim . This is not a happy house . Its inhabitants are haunted by the past.Into the neighborhood come Kevin Dillon -LSB- Kieran Culkin -RSB- and his Mom -LSB- Sharon Stone -RSB- . Kevin is suffering from a rare disease which has caused him to become a virtual cripple and has given him a hunchback . He is extremely intelligent , has a sharp sense of humor as well and lives in a dream world.The boys ' first two encounters do not go well at all . When Maxwell is sent to remedial reading class , he finds to his embarrassment that Kevin , who is two years younger , is his tutor . But Kevin turns out to have a great deal of patience and decides that Maxwell must read King Arthur and the Knights of the Roundtable . He says that words are part of a picture , sentences are pictures , and imagination puts the pieces of the picture together . It is through imagination that the bond is formed.One night at a fireworks display , where little Kevin can see nothing , Maxwell impulsively hoists him onto his shoulders . From that moment on , this becomes the way the two travel together . Kevin is the brains , Maxwell is the strength , and in their own strange way , they become one . Together they can get through almost anything . They have many experiences and adventures . These are all very real . Some are dangerous and scary , but in their heads , they have become a knight called Freak the Mighty . In the end , both must confront their separate demons , but because of their friendship , they are able to handle them.The adults in the cast play second fiddle to these remarkable young actors . One or both of them are on screen in nearly all the movie . These are difficult roles . Kieran Culkin seems to be on track to become the actor his brother , Macauly Culkin , once seemed destined to be . Elden Hensen is equally serious about his career.It is difficult to categorize The Mighty . Its themes are too mature for most children , and many adults do not like movies about children . The subject matter might at times be considered grim , yet there is a surprising amount of humor . I suspect that it is one of those films which will become cult favorites after a decade or so .
 I just got the soundtrack.Its awesome !! get it please
 Freak and the Mighty is about a kid named Kevin -LRB- Culkin -RRB- who has no friends and a boy named Max -LRB- Ratliff -RRB- , `` That 's what we call a couple of freaks '' . The type of movie is Drama . Max has trouble reading so Kevin helps him by saying `` Every word is part of a picture . Every sentence is a picture just use your imagination to connect the pictures '' . This movie relates to another movie called `` The Gonies '' these kids escape from these killers and in the movie `` The Mighty '' two kids escape from the Doghouseboys . I would rate this movie a 4 star movie becouse this movie is a good movie and you can learn a lot from it .
 The Mighty is one best movies I have seen in a long time . It is the kind of movie that really makes you feel something .
 I loved the movie , & so did all of my classmates.But honestly , the book was much better . I cried , I laughed , I was totally moved by the story.I really do suggest for anyone to read or see this movie .
 I read the play a few years ago and liked it , but I saw the movie and loved it ! Gillian Anderson 's preformance was hysterical -LRB- totally different from her x-files character , Dana Scully -RRB- And the whole movie/storyline was heartwarming and touching .
 Everyone in this movie did wonderfully . Sharon Stone was a different character than she usually plays , and she was wonderful . Gillian Anderson played a crazy biker woman and did beautifully . Gillian proved in this movie how wonderful her acting is and that she can do anything . She 's not just Dana Scully . She 's a brilliant actress . Everyone in this movie was wonderful . This movie was a great topic . See it if you like the people in it !
 When I first watched this movie I had no idea of what was coming . What I had expected was a mediocer film that I would spend two hours of my life watching then forget about , but when it finished I was struck by the beauty and power it held . The Mighty is a strangely moving film , filed with uplifting and heart-breaking moments that will leave you stunned .
 This is a wonderful movie that has a great plotline and is incredibley heartwarming . I sobbed at the end , and lightly cried at other sections . I recommend renting this until the price goes down , but definately see it ! Something you should buy is the book , `` Freak , The Mighty '' , It is the original version of `` The Mighty '' , and is just as wonderful !!
 I Loved this movie . The acting is excellent and the story is heartwarming and well writen . Loretta Lee is by far my favorite character , she keeps an strange , yet kind twist to the movie . Gillian Anderson does a magnificent job potraying her . Kudos to the cast and crew for making this enjoyable movie , buy or rent it today : -RRB-
 Refreshingly entertaining , The Mighty grabs your imagination and takes it for a wonderfully emotional ride . For any parent or teacher searching for a way to show children that being different is acceptable , The Mighty is the movie for you . If you liked Simon Birch , you 'll love The Mighty .
 new fave regarding bullies . I recommend it for everyone . I noticed one middle school using it this year ! Great Find !
 Got it on time and in good shape . Am very pleased . Will order again , if I find something I need .
 THE MIGHTY -LRB- 1998 , 100 minutes -RRB- was an odd little film that I recall seeing new . I only remembered to review it because I just saw it again last night . It made something of an impression back in '98 and then I just forgot it.An oversized junior high school student -LRB- Max = Eldon Henson -RRB- who has failed to enter 8th grade twice already , meets a small 7th grader -LRB- Kevin = Kieran Culkin -RRB- who is terribly deformed and brainy as Einstein . The two team up , and that 's it.As it happens , Max requires remedial reading which he can barely handle . Little Kevin is his reading tutor , and together the two manage to embark on a reading adventure about King Arthur , which spurs them into their friendship and a union something like two lone knights on a quest . In this film , it is a quest not for `` normalcy '' - it is a quest to obtain and appreciate self-respect . In a weird and -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- unnecessary twist to the story , Max 's murderous father is released from prison - a nightmare scenario for Max - and of course goes straight for him , kidnaps him , blah blah blah . I saw no reason for such a ` low-blow ' -LRB- my term , do n't steal it -RRB- in the story . A ` low-blow ' is when some false pretense of awful drama is inserted into a film without rhyme or reason.I did not expect such a remarkable performance from young Culkin , who has stood in his vacant brother 's even more deformed shadow all his life - yet this hard-working young fellow has had his small share of interesting supporting roles , most notably as the gay roommate inScott Pilgrim vs. The World -LRB- see my review -RRB- . With the talents of Harry Dean Stanton , Gena Rowlands , and Sharon Stone .
 My grandson loved it . At first I cold not figure out why he wanted this one until he explained what it was abou .
 I am very pleased with this DVD . What a good movie . My students were reading the book , so we all voted to view the movie after reading the book . Everyone loved it .
 This may be an oldie , but it 's a perfect family movie ; very moving ! My 12-year old son and I loved it , and have recommended it to family and friends .
 I teach 9th grade English and we read the book `` Freak the Mighty '' which is what the movie is based on . The movie is a close representation of the book and the kids really enjoy it .
 Really good movie which can accompany the book . Perfect after reading the book Freak the Mighty . I used it as a great tool for discussion for literature with eighth grade students .
 The Mighty is one of the best stories I 've ever read . It 's geared toward the 6th grade level , but it appropritate for students higher and lower . The DVD is rated PG-13 for some cursing , but it 's not too bad . Read the book first
 Wonderful family movie with inspiring life lessons . All ages in our family have enjoyed this great movie , truly a family favorite .
 This movie was based on the book written by Rodman Philbrick Freak the Mighty the book was very good also but the book is sad and great it is my second favorite book but the movie was so good but a little different and a bit sadder . if you read the book i reomend you get the movie .
 I am currently teaching a class to men based on Robert Lewis ' book , `` Raising a Modern-Day Knight . '' When I saw `` The Mighty '' on flight from SF to Atlanta , I went into an immediate search for the video . The movie shows how the ideals of knighthood can give us a vision for the best of manhood instead of men behaving badly . I agree with a previous review that shames Miramax for not advertising this fine , inspiring film .
 This is a definite 4 tissue movie ! Not only are we shown the value of friendship , but of kindness , honor , and dignity . This movie contains a lesson for all ! Anyone with a heart can relate in some way to Max and the Freak , and can come away from this experience refreshed and more aware of all that we take for granted !
 This movie has the power to reach into your chest and squeeze your heart 'til it hurts . The characters are amazing . Max and The Freak are inspirations of how we humans should be . How we should treat one another . Dignity , honor and respect resonate in this work of cinematic art . Shame on Miramax for not putting more press around the release of this movie so it could have gotten the attention it deserves ! Gillian Anderson was wonderful in this offbeat , quirky role . The most credit goes to the boys and thier amazing acting abilities . Especially the actor playing Max . He is too good for words . `` We will be brothers and we will fight for all those who ask for help '' spoken by Max in The Mighty.YOU MUST SEE THIS MOVIE !
 This story of two very different boys on the cusp of adolescence is a great adventure and is a must see for anyone who wondered about fitting-in . The young actors who play these roles are terrific and the nobility of the characters and their stories is inspiring . I hope the video is inexpensive because I intend to buy lots of them as gifts .
 This is a film that shows us that we can all overcome limitations if we have faith , imagination , and friendship . Two pre-teen boys , both misfits in their own way , form an unlikely friendship that provides growth and new experiences for both . Through a series of adventures they learn to trust each other , have fun and conquer old fears and self-imposed limitations . A great movie to watch with 7-12 year olds of all ages . One of the very few videos I would buy for my library .
 I currently teach Rodman Philbrick 's book to my 7th grade students -LRB- who absolutely fall in love with it after the first chapter -RRB- and I saw this movie at a special screening . To say the least , I smiled , laughed , and cried . I ca n't wait for it to be out on video so that my students can watch it !
 The people who made this movie obviously have a very powerful sense of knowing what is right and what is wrong . This movie has good guys and bad guys . The good guys are always shown in a sympathetic light . The bad guys always get what 's coming to them . Actions have consequences . This movie has a very strong moral center , and it is exactly what children need to see . I think that it is absolutely absurd that the MPAA gave this movie a PG-13 rating . This movie was designed with the intention of being seen by people of all ages . As a 28 year old man , I have never once cried while watching a movie , but this movie is the closest that I have ever come . This movie needs to be seen by children . And it especially needs to be seen by children who are `` different , '' and who get teased a lot . It also needs to be seen by adults who had experienced such teasing in their youth . When I saw this movie , I felt as if it had been made with me in mind .
 We watched this movie bc our child read the book for school . I did n't know anything about it beforehand . Loved it , but it was also sad .
 Wonderful movie ... everyone should see it . Great for kids to see what they look like when they are in similar situations.One use of the Lord 's name which could have been left out with no effect .
 This movie is a great example of kids who see the best in each other and forge a friendship that will have life-long impact .
 Of course you need to read the book but the movie did a great job at bringing the book to the screen . A movie about believing in yourself and living with disabilities . Loved it and recommend it .
 This movie is great on so many levels . Few movies can bring me to tears , but this is one of them . Such a heart-warming tale of personal discovery and growth . A must-watch .
 I brought this movie after the class and I read
 My family loved this movie after viewing a rental copy from Netflix , so I purchased it from Amazon . People should be aware that the version at Amazon does not contain subtitles -LRB- for hearing impaired -- this is a movie about disability , after all ! -RRB- , or any other languages . It does not contain closed captioning either . And the version I rented from Netflix had bonus features -LRB- interviews with director and cast , among other things -RRB- that are not included on the version for sale at Amazon . If you like to turn on the subtitles when you watch a film , you will be frustrated by this edition .
 This story , and also a book , is a great story for boys or girls to read over the summeror anytime . It would appeal to ages 10-15 , an easy read , especially for kids that maynot like to read ... it will hold their attention . It is about 2 kids that are misfits insociety and how they both have gifts also , to offer each other . They form a bond that isheartwarming . A good book to read also as we deal with bullying in our society , as thecharacters are misfits but have their own admirable strengths .
 I understand it is un understated film for many , and as a owner of `` Simon Birch '' -LRB- yes I like that film -RRB- , I feel that folks have under rated , appreciation of this film . I ca n't speak for the DVD quality , because I do n't have this movie -LRB- yet -RRB- . I still can talk about this movie from the perspective that this film is presented ; as a person who was bullied , disabled , and needed some kind of mythos in life to parallel what I faced as a kid/teen . I think most kids need this form of understanding in their life to feel empowered and not just pushed around -LRB- either by other kids or by parents -RRB- , but to know that their lives have power in and of their own making . Yes , Simon Birch does demonstrate this as well -LRB- `` I know I was sent here for a reason '' -RRB- , but perhaps to the average person , too vague and too obscure . Yes , I know that the ` knights of the roundtable ' has been done -LRB- or over done for years -RRB- as the myth base , but you need only look at the size of Max to realize why he would choose king arthur as his myth . It follows also the hero 's journey of someone who reluctantly must face a journey they do not intend to go on , but come out vanquishing fears and saving their humanity ... this is what Joseph Campbell talked about for some 80 hours at the Lucas ranch about ; the importance of the hero 's journey to mirror and parallel in our lives.Is it realistic from a disabled perspective ? Well , not as realistic as it could have been , if they actually had used a disabled person to play in the movie -LRB- like they used a little person in Simon Birch -RRB- , but then again , we can set that aside for a minute . Was it realistic about finding out about one 's family , etc ? Yes . The bullying was pretty standard to what most people face -LRB- Simon Birch on the other hand , was less realistic to the time ; Kids were almost killed by non disabled kids in school , if they could even try to attend . Most were sent to special education schools across town , where education was NOT taught , but coloring was the order of the day -RRB- . This was pre Ed-504 -LRB- 1974 -RRB- , where equal access was simply not even considered -LRB- unless your parents did what mine did , lie to the school district and get me tested after passing two grades so they could n't refuse me entrance to the school -RRB- . I think that if you go beyond trying to have a swashbuckling movie , but are owning it because of it 's warmth , humor and understanding of folks that are clearly different , you will find Mighty , mighty .
 This should be a `` must see '' for all those kids who suffer needlessly with bullying . If nothing else , it teaches them courage to persevere . I loved it and want my grandkids to see it .
 We really liked the movie The Mighty . We liked the action scenes such as the sled ride , the fight in the alley and the carnival , and when Kevin rescued Max . We thought it was funny the way the two boys stood up to everyone , the way Kevin created different characters wearing food , and how he made up names for people . There were many themes in the movie . For example , there was friendship , heroism , and Medieval Times . This is a good movie for all ages .
 It 's a movie about teenager friendship . Sad ending with an awkward attempt to send an uplifting message . Decent acting , GREAT music!Yes , it 's a feel-good movie.Yes , it has a predicatable plot.Yes , it 's unapologetically sentimental.Yes , the knights on horseback scenes are extremely annoying.And yes , I was deeply moved by the movie . I just could n't help it . -LRB- This is from a 30 + old guy who sit through Titanic and could n't stop wondering what all the fuss was about . -RRB-
 Freak the Mighty , a book by Rodman Philbrick , was the inspiration for the movie The Mighty . It is a character-builing story , with two opposites who become a powerful unit against the challenges each must deal with . My eighth graders loved the book when we read it in class ; the movie became a wonderful way to compare and contrast the written and the film depictions of the characters . I have added Freak the Mighty to my list of favorite books and The Mighty to my list of favorite movies .
 I purchased this movie again because I lost my first copy . I used it as a follow up to the reading of the book by the same title . My at risk junior high school students enjoyed both the book and the movie !!! The theme is timeless and the film is well acted . It can be seen over and over again !
 This movie , touching , inspiring , in parts amusing , and adventurous , tells the story of two boys , who do n't fit in , and their adventures based on the credo of Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table , to always champion right and good , to be gentle with the weak , and terrible to the wicked . Ultimately it tells of the treasury of their deep friendship.Elden Henson plays Max Caine , a gentle giant , who is illiterate and seemingly simple , and a social outcast.Kieran Culkin plays Kevin , a severely disabled boy , with a sharp mind and sharp tongue , who has created a fantastic world of books , words and ideas.He befriends Max , and together they embark on a series of adventures , while having to overcome the local lowlives and a villain from Max 's past.Both young actors give a sterling performanceSharon Stone shows her versatility as an actress , as Kevin 's incredible mother . While this is a very different role , to some of the other stuff she has done , she fits the role as Kevin 's beautiful young mother perfectly , and is as just as unforgettable and gorgeous in this part
 The first time I read this book , I laughed , cried , and felt every emotion possible . As a middle school teacher , I made sure I read it to my students . It has become a favorite for the school and most of the students that have read it . The movie is also outanding . This book needs to be a classic ... . If you are reading this review , you need to purchase the book and read it to your children , grandchildren or whoever . They will love you forever !!!
 Must have been a sleeper at the box office but that does not reflect on the movie itself . I loved it . A very touching story about a big kid that is supposed to be dumb and his handicapped friend that teaches him to read -LRB- but does not read him by his cover . -RRB-
 At first I thought this was going to be one of those movies that money could have been better spent elsewhere ; but because of the actresses I decided to hang in there . And I 'm so glad I did . This is one of the best movies I 've seen in a long time . It has a wonderful plot that 's appropriate for , and appreciated by , all ages . In fact , I highly recommend it for young people in their teens - it delivers a very important message that 's sadly missing in today 's society.I 'm 66 , my granddaughter 's 16 , and we both thoroughly loved every minute of it . Just be sure to have a box of tissues handy .
 The movie The Mighty is about a boy named Max who meets a crippled boy named Kevin . Max has a learning disability . People think he has no brain . Kevin has a lot of brains but he wears braces on his legs and has a lump on his back . Kevin also has a disease where his body is not growing but his organs are . Max and Kevin become friends . They help one another throughout the movie . Kevin gives Max a brain and Max gives Kevin legs.There are many similarities between the book and the movie . First , every one thinks Max has no brain . People think this because he got left back twice and he does n't speak to anyone . Secondly , he lives with his grandparents because dad killed his mom . His grandparents hate his dad but they believe he has his mother 's heart . Lastly , Max and Freak become friends . Together they read about King Arthur and go on quest.There are many differences between the book and the movie . First , in the book it takes place during the summer . In the movie the story takes place during the school year and winter . Another difference is max is a bully in the book in the movie he gets bully from some punks . Freak gets sick on his birthday in the movie he gets sick on Christmas . Lastly freak dies on hospital in the movie freak dies one week after Christmas.I give the movie 5 ***** because the movie was good.The characters were very realistic .
 `` The Mighty '' was a very good movie that could make you laugh and cry at the same time . It makes you realize how to make and grow your relationship with your friends . The friendship between Max and Freak makes us realize that both of them would go to any length to help each other . We gave it 5 stars to show that the directors and the actors did a really good job at showing how a friendship should turn out . A good example of what a friendship should turn out be is when the boys , the bullies who picked on Max and Freak , put Loretta 's purse down the sewer . Max and Freak went to get Loretta 's purse out of the sewer and had returned it back to her . In the event of them retrieving the purse the bullies had shown up and had threatened to hurt Max and Freak , but both of them worked together to scare off the bullies . This was our favorite movie because even though it seemed they do n't like each other they continue to grow in their friendship .
 This movie is about two boys who become really good friends -LRB- Culkin & Ratliff -RRB- both have really wild imaginations . Both boys are different from each other and everyone else , but much like one another in many ways . This film is the only drama that did n't make me cry , because everything that happened was expected . Sharon Stone who plays Gwen Dillon -LRB- kevin 's mother -RRB- did a fine job with her part . Gillian Anderson -LRB- scully from the X-FILES -RRB- fit her part very well as an ex-cons girlfriend , who gives max a helping hand . My favorite quote from this movie was said by Stone `` Congratulations , you must be proud . You 've just given birth to a healthy seven pound dictionary . '' I think this movie is much like `` Simon Birch '' . Both Simon & Kevin were born with birth defects , and both found one very special friend who was always there for them . I think this movie was very good and so was the book . You should read the book first before you see the movie .
 A very moving film , which make us enter in a world of dreams , through the sight of two young boys rejected by the others.As we could believe it , it is n't a innocent film at all , because the different symbols in it can be decripted only by those who know how to dream.Gillian Anderson , one of the best actress in the world , has a very funny part -LRB- a role very far from Dana Scully -RRB- and I loved her in it.Sting 's song , FREAK THE MIGHTY , really worth it too.I 'll never forget this movie , that 's for sure ...
 When I first saw this movie it was at 1am on Starz . I have to tell you , it was pretty amazing . I have not read the book yet , but about 30 mins before I wrote this review I ordered the book and the movie , and I cant wait till it comes . Im 16 , I have a 3.9 GPA in High School . I dont have any learning defects or anything of that sort , and I STILL loved this book ... I say this because I see a lot of reviews from teachers or something in that realm who teach 10,11,12 year old children ... Im 16 , great GPA , and I still loved it . So even if you think this book is above you , its not . Everyone should read it , ESPICALLY young children . I reccomend buying this movie very much , and if the book goes well , which I think it will , Ill recommend that , too !
 I ca n't say enough about The Mighty ! I have never seen this kind of friendship and mutual credence displayed in film before . Kieran Culkin gives a humdinger performance as Kevin Dillon and absolutely stole my heart with a funny-tragic cafeteria-eating scene . Eldon Henson is also terriffic as Max the big friend . This film teaches values about friendship , sacifice for those friends , and , above all
 All I can say is perfect
 One of the best parts of this movie is the knights on horseback scenes with the stirring music . The knights look like knights of old . The story line is great and the stars are exceptional .
 This movie has an underlying emotional level that makes it more than just a story of two adolescents who form a friendship . It 's sincerely moving and well written . By the end of the movie you really care about the characters .
 We ordered copies of this DVD after watching this movie on cable . We were impressed by the story line -- one smart short handicapped teen befriends a big slow ridiculed teen . We ordered copies for our grandsons , ages 9 , 7 and 3 . But this is a movie for everyone . Very moving , very hopeful story with some adventures thrown in .
 This is one of the best movies ever made , especially for children struggling with identity issues -LRB- all children -RRB- ! The acting is superb . The story comes from the book , `` Freak , the Mighty . '' Adults enjoy it as much as the kids . My family has watched it several times . Kieran Culkin is a marvelous child actor . It is Sharon Stone 's most domestic role to date , and she does a wonderful job . I love it !!!
 Max had no brain until he met Freak . Freak is a cripple but extremely smart boy . Max is supposed to be an ugly looking boy who had no brain and was dumb . When Freak and Max met it was not a good start . Then Max takes Freak to the carnival . At one special moment Max picks up the crippled boy named Freak on his shoulders . After that they went on quests and adventures . Later on Max finds out the secret about his dad and that 's for you to find out to see the movie and read the book Freak the Mighty.There are many similarities between the book and the movie . First , Max and Kevin are friends . In both stories they become Freak the Mighty . Next , in both stories Max is a big ugly kid who is dumb . Lastly , Max lives with his Gram and Grim because his father killed his mother.There are also many differences between the book and the movie . First , Max is not a bully in the movie but in the book he is called Kicker . Next , gang never asked Max to join the gang in the book but in the movie the gang was a big part of the bullying.I give this movie 5/5 or 100 % stars . I thought the movie was fantastic and mind shooting . The characters told a very important story about disabilities and friendship .
 The Mighty is a well made version of the book entitled Freak The Mighty . It follows the book very well but has some differences . The acting was done well and the story is very moving . I reccommend it highly especially for pre-teens and young teen-agers . It shows us that differences do n't have to seperate us but can bring us together . This movie is a welcome addtion toour DVD library .
 Based on `` Freak the Mighty '' , `` The Mighty '' is a wonderful portrayal of the novel . It is an inspiration to anyone who has obstacles to overcome and is willing to dare to be different . For children of all ages , but especially good for preteens and young teens .
 Now this is the type of movie all young children should read . And maybe a few of us adults as well .
 `` Freak the Mighty '' is such a touching book , so I was slightly disappointed in the movie . However , it still had its funny moments . I showed it to my eighth grade class after reading the book , and they really only got into the humorous parts . I thought the kidnapping scene and the end were very downplayed in the film .
 I think that the Mighty is an inspirational movie and especially suitable for children and family viewing . It promotes very postive messaging around friendship and coping with/overcoming obstacles . Sharon Stone 's acting was great and overall the rest of the cast did well . I thought the music was moving and suited the film.The movie fell short for me in spots because I felt the script was a little too unrealistic and manipulative but do n't let that damper your spirits in considering this as a very enjoyable watch with your children . There are some important messages/lessons to be learned here .
 I really liked this movie . It is definitely a tear jerker ! The only reason I ended up watching the movie in the theater is because they filmed part of the movie in Cincinnati , and they used two of our horses from our stables as the knight 's horses . The brown horse in front is actually MY horse Rocky.But overall it is a good movie with a good message . It does n't matter your size or strength , you can make a difference . If you have not seen the movie yet , buy it and watch it.And keep an eye out for Rocky!amy
 Extremely moving and well acted . One of the best movies noone has ever heard of .
 Great movie for contrasting the difference between the book , `` Freak the Mighty '' with the video version . There are many differences for points of discussion .
 we gave ` The Mighty ' five stars because is shows us that it is ok to get help from other and to help them in return . Max payed a great part . His struggle wiht his father was so good it almost brought one of us to tears . Kevin wsa great with his sarcastic snse of humor , almost made us forget about his physical disability . Kevin 's mom was cool and it was great thatshe just wanted kevin to have a normal life . Max 's grandparents remind us of our own grandparentsand and they both payed great parts . Max and Kevin 's friendship help them over come physical and mental hard shipes.Their dependence on each other help their freindship grow . You see this movie because you will understand the vaul of friendshiip .
 This is a really good heart warmer if you like those kind of movies , i liked it a lot . I recommend this movie to everyone , it was an awesome movie , it 's good to know there are people in the world like Elden Henson 's character , Elden & Kiernan Culkin did a great job . If you have n't seen it , rent it , or you 'll be sorry .
 This is movie restores your faith in humanity . It 's the antithesis of kids shooting each other in school . Against all odds , from the depths of diverstiy , shines a hope bright enough to illuminate the way for everyone who knows one special young man . If you feel you are the only one who believes in `` Might for Right '' anymore , see this film .
 if you like an emotional movie get this one .
 This has been my favorite movie since I first saw it on video several years ago . I am so-o-o glad that it is coming on DVD . Disabled children are picked on in the real world . And , so are children who are smart , overweight , economically and/or emotionally poor , etc. . The underdog soars high in this film . It is a very touching movie that was well acted and well done . The real story in this movie involves the neighbor boy who lives with his grandparents . He portrays many , many of the children who populate our schools . You wo n't regret seeing , or even buying , this film .
 This movie is about two boys who become really good friends -LRB- Culkin & Ratliff -RRB- both have really wild imaginations . Both boys are different from each other and everyone else , but much like one another in many ways . This film is the only drama that did n't make me cry , because everything that happened was expected . Sharon Stone who plays Gwen Dillon -LRB- kevin 's mother -RRB- did a fine job with her part . Gillian Anderson -LRB- scully from the X-FILES -RRB- fit her part very well as an ex-cons girlfriend , who gives max a helping hand . My favorite quote from this movie was said by Stone `` Congratulations , you must be proud . You 've just given birth to a healthy seven pound dictionary . '' I think this movie is much like `` Simon Birch '' . Both Simon & Kevin were born with birth defects , and both found one very special friend who was always there for them . I think this movie was very good and so was the book . You should read the book first before you see the movie .
 As author of the novel upon which this movie was based , I 've been amazed and pleased by the viewer responses posted at amazon.com . Even more pleasing is the fact that so many of the reviewers admit to having read the book . But for the last six months I 've been waiting for the other shoe to drop
 A must have . A very inspiring movie that makes you think and view life . Will bring tears to your eyes and for me the characters reminded me my friends . GREAT !!!!
 This was such a touching movie . If you enjoyed the movie Simon Birch then you will love this movie . It 's inspirational and a tear jerker !
 This film , based on a Scholastic book for young readers , explores the idea of friendship between two adolescent misfits . The cast in the film is excellent , especially the two young men -- Culkin and Henderson both do justice in their parts -- a very difficult task , since child roles are very difficult . As good as the teens are , the adults -LRB- unintentionally probably -RRB- overshadow them , which is a mixed blessing -- since the adults do not play major roles in the film . Gena Rowlands is very good as is Harry Stanton , as a grim , stony-faced couple . Gillian Anderson proves she has range , as a prostitute -- however , the best performance comes from Sharon Stone -LRB- ! -RRB- , as Culkin 's long-suffering mother , who is awed by her child 's superior intellect . Stone 's part amounts to little more than a cameo , yet , she inhabits each scene and does the cinematic impossible -- steals scenes from child actors . Although it is hard , initially , to believe Stone as a hard-working blue-collar mom -LRB- she does a very poor job of `` deglamorizing '' herself -RRB- , her spangly star power notwithstanding , she does an incredible job , imbuing strength and intelligence in her spare scenes . Her powerful performance , and scene-stealing is akin to a good Angela Bassett performance , with equal amounts fire and beauty.The film works on many levels , and has an important message of tolerance of individual 's differences , and would be excellent for junior high schoolers , or high school freshmen .
 the mighty was an amazing movie that was probably the only movie i have ever seen that has brought me too tears . This movie was a showcase for hensons and culkins talent and all i can say is that I will follow hensons career and buy everyone of his movies
 I think that the movie , The Mighty , was a good movie , but I thought that the book was better . The movie followed the book pretty good , but a couple of things were to extreme . Like when Kevin takes off in the van and then wrecks it . If that is n't bad enough , then he goes sledding down the hill on the broken bumper of the van.Besides that , I thoght that the movie was good and it tried to stick to what happened in the book . I just do n't think they should of added that part . Well , if you liked the movie , you must read the book . Now after reading Freak the Mighty , I plan on reading the sequel to .
 I loved this movie so much . It was like somebody was tugging at my heart strings . I would reccomend it to anybody who would enjoy a good cry .
 I think that The Mighty was one of the best movies I have ever seen ! It made me cry , and I hardly never cry in movies . I think it was much better than Simon Birch , and I think that it did n't get as much credit it deserves . I agree with Jennifer from IN , Sharon Stone was only in it for this tiny bit of time , and she got so much more credit than Kevin or Max did . It is pathetic . Oh well , c'est la vie .
 Well done , `` The Mighty . '' I was relieved that the movie followed the same format as the book , specifying the start of chapters within the film as the book also does . This kept the essense of how the character of Max thinks ... How he categorizes his life into thoughts and feelings ... And that we all do this as well . The acting was superb , Kieran Culkin playing a boy dying , but getting his just desserts by his courage and ability to live in the moment ... And by giving hope to a self-depreciating large boy with more of a mind than he ever thought he had . Max was introspective enough to be wonderful . The supporting cast , carefully selected . Sharon Stone was soft ... and subtle in her grieving . Gillian Anderson showed a great ability at instantaneous departure from her Scully . She was amazing and wonderfully different . I 'm looking foward to more of Gillian .
 Men -- young and old -- are too rarely in this day and age called to heroism . This powerfully-written and well-acted tale of a 20th-century teen whose love and heroism are contagious is a summons to heroism , to the finest tradition of gallantry . This film is EN-COURAGING -- a summons to courageous action based on an ancient code of honor that is buried deep in the hearts of men .
 From time to time , friends ask me , do you recommend a good movie ? This is one of the first movies I ever recommend . Performances by Keiran Culkin and Elden Henson are amazing . Elden Henson doing a drama movie such as this and then doing a comedy movie such as Idle Hands shows he has excellent acting range . Supporting characters such as Sharon Stone , James Gandolfini , Harry Dean Stanton , Gena Rowlands and more are all very well portrayed as well.Add an amazing soundtrack by Sting and you 've got a great movie.There are only 2 special features but they are worth watching.PLOT
 The Mighty , the video version of Freak the Mighty by Rodman Philbrick , sends a wonderful message to all who see it . Of course , my recommendation is to view the movie after reading the book on which it is based . I showed this movie to my special education class for severely emotionally disturbed students after we read the book . My students laughed and cried and cheered at times . The friendship between two outcast children seemed to heal the spirits of both . The memories of that friendship will sustain the Mighty -- for the rest of his life . Freak enjoyed the last months of his shortened life going on quests and medieval fantasies with his buddy -- the big guy . Neither played to the other 's weaknesses and both played to the other 's strengths . What a wonderful movie for everyone to see . My only criticism is that the Hollywood people -- trying to be so politically correct I am sure -- altered the name . They should have left Freak The Mighty as it was .
 this movie is such a wonderful story of two boys who help each other overcome their limits and find their strengths . I applaud this story as such a must see for all teenagers and adults .
 Rodman Philbrick ` sFreak The Mighty -LRB- Scholastic Signature -RRB- is the tale of learning disabled Max -LRB- Elden Hensen -RRB- , the son of incarcerated murderer `` Killer '' Kane -LRB- James Gandolfini , The Sopranos
 The Mighty is a fantastic and touching movie that all ages can enjoy . It deals with the friendship of two outcast boys who are quite the opposite of each other , Kevin -LRB- Kieran Culkin -RRB- is handicapped with a degenerative bone disorder , but clever and quick at inventing things while Max -LRB- Eldon Ratliff -RRB- is a slow learner and big for his age , who lives with his grandparents . Both learn from each other the importance of friendship and the values of honor , bravery , helping others , and accepting yourself . The cast works really well in all the roles , and all of the acting is very good -LRB- especially from the young actors -RRB- . Sharon Stone surprised me in that she played the role of Kevin 's mother well . The end of this movie was so sad despite being a bit predictable , but I thought it was beautifully done although I wished it ended differently , but then I realize how it completes the story . All in all , I found this movie really enjoyable in every way . The characters are endearing , the music is touching and the story is at times humorous yet very touching . The Mighty proves to be a heart-warming movie about friendship and life . Definitely a must-see !
 This movie is the best movie that I have ever seen , featuring Max Kane , a 14-year old teased for his enormous size and his best friend , Kevin , a 14-year old genious who teaches him the real meaning of life . I would recommend this movie to anybody . After reading the book -LRB- Freak the Mighty -RRB- , I just HAD to see the movie . It 's just as good as the book . Anybody can enjoy this fantastic story .
 I just loved THE MIGHTY . It 's about a 14-year-old boy named Max Kane -LRB- Elden Ratliff -RRB- who is an outcast because of his unusual giant-like size . Max lives with his kind grandmother - his father had been put in jail several years ago . When Max starts doing poorly in school , he has to get a tutor . The tutor ends up being a 14-year-old disabled , but intelligent boy in Max 's school named Kevin Dillon -LRB- Kieran Culkin -RRB- . Kevin feels like an outcast because of his disabilities . At first they do not get along very well , but soon they become best friends , when they realize that they are just as strong as everybody else when they unit as one . Sharon Stone plays Kevin 's kind mother , Gwen Dillon , who takes care of Kevin while Kevin 's father is also in jail . Gillian Anderson -LRB- `` The X-Files '' -RRB- , plays a woman named Loretta Lee , who helps Kevin and Max in the end.The only reason why people may think Sharon Stone is the main star in THE MIGHTY is because she is the most famous out of the cast . But she is only in like , a few sceens . It 's Kieran Culkin and Elden Ratliff who are the REAL main stars . Though the whole cast gives surpurb performances , Kieran Culkin and Elden Ratliff 's performances really shine.This film should really have been more commercially advertised , because it is a great film many people missed out on . Ignore those snobbish critics who snubbed this film , because THE MIGHTY is really a wonderful film . The script is fantastic , and so is the scenary . There was not a boring moment in THE MIGHTY . You must see this film.Also , if you love THE MIGHTY , then I also suggest SIMON BIRCH and THE CURE .
 While watching this movie it takes you back to when you were in school . . and the truth about how cruel kids can be . But at the same time how they can stand up for what is right . I have loaned this movie out to everyone I know.They all have purchased it after watching it.Another must see movie -LRB- Pay it Forward -RRB- you wo n't forget either of these movies .
 5 Stars for acting , plot , story . In a class with `` It 's a Wonderful life '' This is what movies are all about . Hiddengem - what I call a sleeper
 Sit back and just enjoy the movie . It 's a nice one to watch , and I enjoyed the actors .
 This is a great story of a very special friendship shared by two middle school boys , Kevin and Max . Kevin is a victim of a very rare physical disability , and it prevents him from living a normal person 's life . Kevin is a very intelligent boy , and he lives in the world of his imagination . Max is an obese boy who suffers from emotional problems and a learning disability . He has failed the seventh grade several times . The boys start becoming friends when Kevin starts helping Max with his reading skills . Here is where the journey begins . These boys have nothing in common , but they can relate to each other about being outcasts , and being abandoned by their fathers at a very early age . Kevin 's magical world of knights and their journy for justice is closer to reality than the two boys might think . Through their adventures , they not only become best friends , they become brothers .
 As an avid Gillian Anderson fan from one of my all time favorite series , The X-Files , I knew I had to see this movie . I was unable to see the movie in the theaters but was able to rent it when it went out on DVD . This movie has got to be one of the most inspirational movies I 've seen . I loved it so much , that I wanted to have my parents see it . My Dad , ever the critic , said it was better than he thought it would be and my Mom said that it was one of the best she 's seen.Sadly , this movie did not get the recognition it deserved in the box office . If you 're looking for an inspirational movie that leaves a good message in the end , then this is the movie for you ! : -RRB- I admit , I originally saw the movie only because Gillian Anderson was in it . If she had n't been cast in the movie , I would have most likely not seen the movie at all . If you guys do see it for the first time , please tell your friends and family about it . A movie like this these days is a ` diamond in the rough ' .
 I think that the movie THE MIGHTY was one of the best movies I 've ever seen in my life . It followed the book pretty well which is good and the casting was very good . The book brought tears to my eyes and the movie did too . If you like drama , this is a touching story that is good for the whole family . I really enjoy watching it .
 As of this writing , there are 108 reviews for this film , detailing the plot , the cast , and the plot . I 'm not going to repeat any of that.I 'm just going to say that this film was very enjoyable to watch , and certainly worth an evening . This is more than a message film , that the least of us have worth , that good can triumph over evil , that one person 's shortcomings can be filled by another 's strength.The Mighty is all of that , but it is entertaining as well . There are life lessons to be learned here , for sure , but the inventiveness and imagination of Kevin , the disabled boy , brings a touch of whimsy and light humor to the film that might be unexpected.It may not follow the book -LRB- which I have not read -RRB- closely , but it stands on its own as a sweet film that does n't lay a message on too heavily , but , with the help of an excellent cast , strikes just the right balance between humor , drama , and pathos.Recommended .
 My class of fifteen `` learning disabled '' students read the book `` Freak the Mighty '' . These are at risk students who for the most part , could care less about reading anything . They absolutely loved the book ! Every day at bell time I would hear , `` No , we ca n't stop here ! '' Some even wanted to take the book home and read ahead ! While watching the film , I noticed some 6th grade boys with tears in their eyes and the girls were simply dissolved in tears . This is a wonderful movie for people of all ages but particularly for those kids who sometimes feel like they walk in Max and Freak 's footsteps every day . We also read the sequel , `` Max the Mighty '' and found it equally as absorbing . We are hoping there is a movie sequel ! Thank you Rodman Philbrick for writing such a beautiful , memorable story ! Kudos to the cast of `` The Mighty '' for their performances . I intend to buy a copy for myself and several for gifts .
 How in the HELL did this movie get lost in theatres ? Why did n't every critic in America tell the world to see it?I remember when I first heard that this book , FREAK THE MIGHTY -LRB- by Rodman Philbrick -RRB- , was going to be made into a movie and that Gillian Anderson was going to play a small role . Well , I went ahead and read the book because -LRB- a -RRB- I 'm an X-Files fan , and -LRB- b -RRB- I wanted to know what so drew her to the project that she was willing to play a less than a major role.The book just tore me apart -- it was n't just that I 'd been a misfit myself in my youth , but the fact that it dealt with sometimes amazing , sometimes painful situations in such a clear-eyed way , never pandering to or underestimating the intelligence of the reader.This film , while not adhering to the book to the letter -LRB- but damned close -RRB- kept the SPIRIT of the book intact , and for that I credit not only the director and screenwriter but the cast . Everyone involved seems to be most concerned with truth -- not is it dramatic , is it sad , is it funny , but is it HONEST?While I credit all involved parties with making this film work so well , I have to say that NONE of it would have worked had it not been for the two leads , Elden Hensen and Kieran Culkin . These two ASTOUNDING young men are so utterly concerned with their characters as human beings that there is not a single false note in either performance . Going in , Culkin has an additional challenge/handicap -- the wiseacre type honed by his brother Macauley might well have been expected here , given the no-apologies intelligence that characterizes Kevin/Freak . But Culkin has no interest in just getting laughs -- he seems entirely aware that there are more important treasures to be had from this material.That 's not to say that there are n't moments that make you smile or yes , laugh , but they happen through the comedy of CHARACTER , not situation . There are no cheap emotions on the screen , nor do they try to elicit them from the viewer . When you laugh and cry at this movie , it is because you feel a PART of the proceedings , not that this is something put in front of you merely to entertain . It is obvious why such stellar actors -LRB- Anderson , Sharon Stone , Harry Dean Stanton , Gena Rowlands , James Gandolfini -RRB- were drawn to this project -- there is more than enough well-drawn , intelligent material to go around , even to the smallest of roles . I also felt that the film improved on the novel by giving it a bit more an ending ; the book just kind of STOPPED , and I was glad to see a bit more resolution . These characters deserved it.I give the film 4 stars rather than 5 because of -LRB- a -RRB- the all-too-real violence and threatened violence seems jarring at times -LRB- as it did in the book as well -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- the lack of extras on this edition -LRB- a truncated behind the scenes featurette and NO commentary tracks , which is positively CRIMINAL given the talent involved -RRB- . So even though neither the film nor the presentation -LRB- although the music video by Sting is kind of fun -RRB- is perfect , do NOT let that dissuade you from seeing this film . You will not see its like again soon .
 I had seen the theatrical trailer for this film when the working title was `` Freak the Mighty . '' I suppose someone thought the term ` freak '' to be deragatory ; however , after seeing this sleeper , I 'd be proud if someone thought I had those rare and wonderful characteristics Kieran Culkin 's character , `` Freak , '' displayed in this film . I do n't ever remember this movie coming to Honolulu -LRB- so much for the `` Coming soon to a theater near you '' slogan ! -RRB- , but I was thrilled when it was released on DVD . I rented , and sat at home alone watching it one evening after work . I rented it again three days later when my girlfriend was over so she could see it , and loved it even more the next time . I 've ordered the DVD from Amazon -LRB- it should be here tomorrow ! -RRB- , and plan on sharing it with as many of my friends as possible . This is as touching and heartwarming a film as I 've seen in years . It is destined to become a classic -- it has lessons that all our children should learn , hopefully before they 're too old to be shaped by the story . With little violence , almost no foul language , a marvelous soundtrack -LRB- featuring the title song by Sting -RRB- and an outstanding ensemble cast , you can not go wrong with this film . It is destined to become on of my all-time favorites .
 Ironically , it is not a movie that I would normally enjoy.It is not a love story , has no adventure , and is not comedic in the least bit . However , it is the exception to any and all movies I have seen . It is a touching story about two boys , both outcasts , who learn to conquer the world together . They learn to live life in their world , and be strong . They are two unlikely friends ; one is crippled , the other looks like a bully . They form an unbreakable bond . The ending is sad but very well done . The film has an outstanding cast , including Sharon Stone , Gena Renalds , Kieran Culkin , Elden Henson and James Gandolfini . Itis usually difficult to find good child actors , but Kieran Culkin , and Elden Henson are incredible , and hold the movie on their shoulders . Gillian Anderson , I love from The X Files , yet her portrayel as Loretta is so convincing , she is nearly unrecognizable . It definetly shows her wide range of acting capabilities . She was certainly not type cast . This film is one of my favorites , and it is my conviction that it very well could be yours as well . It is a little known movie , I do n't know anyone whose seen it other than myself , and that 's what annoys me , because it is SO GOOD .
 I watched this with my seven year old son . He asked questions about the way people were treating each other through out the movie.Now , instead of staring at people with disabilities he says `` Hi '' and wants to know as much about them as any other human being . `` Mighty '' did a wonderful job showing him everyone has something to contribute to life and they having feelings and thoughts the same as he does and families , good or bad the same as he does.He wants to know as much as possible about King Arthur too ! Excellent , well written flick .
 Oh wow . I fell in love with this movie from the moment the music started to play . The music is Celtic , and it 's really outstanding . But it 's Eldan Henson and Kieran Culkin who really steal the show.The film starts off with Max Kane -LRB- Henson -RRB- . Max is in 7th grade , but he is at least two feet taller than everyone else in his grade . He is always being teased by bullies for his size , his illiteracy , and his infamous father.Then a kid named Kevin Dillan -LRB- Culkin -RRB- moves into the neighborhood . Kevin is also in 7th grade , but he is very small and has a birth defect that forces him to walk on crutches . He is also extremely smart . Bullies tease him , too.Soon , Kevin and Max became inseparable friends . Max became Kevin 's legs , and Kevin became Max 's brain . By themselves , Max and Kevin were just freaks of nature who were always teased . But when they are together , they are called `` Freak the Mighty '' ! And then what happens is ... what , did you really think I 'd tell you what happens next?The script in this movie is absolutely adorable . Here are some of the quotes : -- `` So you 're a pacifist ... yeah , a pacifist . You know , ` pass on the fist ' ? '' -- `` I said , you 're a cretin ! ... yeah , a cretin ! C-R-E-T-I-N ! Look it up in the dictionary and you 'll find your mugshot ! '' -- `` My father was a magician . He heard the words , ` birth defect ' , and disappeared . '' -- `` Do n't think of it as a friendship . Think of it as a partnership . You need a brain and I need legs . And the Wizard of Oz does n't live in South Cincinnati . '' -- `` Every word is part of a picture . Every sentence IS a picture . All you do is let your imagination connect them together ... if you HAVE an imagination , that is . `` Plus many more . The above quotes were all said by Kevin Dillan . But my favorite quote is the last line of the movie . You wo n't forget it for a while.The script is hilarious . The music is catchy . The acting is all top-notch . And the ending is so tragic ... it all adds up to a truly unforgettable film . If you have a psyche , you will love this film . Watch it ASAP.P.S . Yes , I am only 14 years old , but parents should n't be too concerned about the PG-13 rating . There 's no sex , no nudity , no drug content , no profanity , and almost no on-screen violence . Little kids may be frightened at times , but this movie is overall no more inappropriate than the PG-rated `` Simon Birch '' . If your kids have seen `` Simon Birch '' , then they can -- and MUST -- see `` The Mighty '' ! P.P.S. Does anyone know that Eldan Henson was actually 20 years old at the time he starred in this movie ?
 I watched this movie with a group of friends because we had just fininshed the booked it is based on , `` Freak the Mighty '' . I have to say this is one of the few `` Drama '' movies I can watch over and over again . The ending had almost all my friends in tears . This is such a good family movie . It really makes you think about what you have and others do not . It also makes you realise even if you get called a `` freak '' or you have a disabillity , physical or mentally , it doesnt mean you cant get out in the world and have fun . Both Max and Kevin had problems but that didnt stop them from going out on their quests and having fun . This movie will move you .
 okay , in class we are reading the book freak the mighty , we have not seen the movie yet but i would like to point out one user who posted this review ... Do n't waste your time !!!! , October 15 , 2001Reviewer
 I enjoyed this film from start to finish , and was bowled over by the performances of the young actors . Based on a children 's book , ` Freak the Mighty ' , the film manages to portray the challenges and friendship of two special young people without being patronizing.Max , played brilliantly by Eldon Henson , is a slow boy , big for his age , whose mother was killed by his father , who is now serving a prison sentence . Max is being raised by his grandparents , the appropriately weary Gena Rowlands and Harry Dean Stanton . Max has failed 7th grade twice , and is the butt of teasing and jokes . His life is changed when Kevin , played by Kieran Culkin -LRB- Macauley 's more-talented younger brother -RRB- moves next door with his single mother , well played by Sharon Stone . Kevin is physically disabled , with a degenerative bone disorder . He has compensated for his disability by being a genius . He is also stronger than Max , the only thing he lacks is Max 's physical strength . The two work together , with Max being Kevin 's legs , and Kevin being Max 's brain.The world can be an empty place for people who are `` different '' , and Max learns and grows from his friendship with Kevin . The movie never resorts to cheap sentimentality , and this was one of the first films to make me cry in a long time . I do n't agree with the criticism that Sharon Stone is too attractive to be Kevin 's poor mom . All kinds of people have children with disabilities . There was no need to make Sharon Stone less beautiful , since this film is about the boys , and she is the mom , a supporting role , and her good looks are not really an issue.I was disappointed in Gillian Anderson 's performance as a white trash biker chick . She seems to be borrowing from the Sandy Dennis school of facial twitches , and feels a need to resort to a southern accent to emphasize that her character is from the wrong side of the tracks . Other than that , the movie is excellent , particularly the performance of Eldin Henson , who has a great future ahead of him .
 My husband and I -LRB- we are both age 50 `` something '' -RRB- saw this movie for the first time shortly after a dear family member had passed away . `` The Mighty '' was a real comfort to both of us . `` The Mighty '' is a GREAT movie for ALL ages !!
 This is a story about all souls , lives and beyond.I bought this because I am Gillian Anderson 's big fan from , of course , the X-Files , but it was far beyond my expectation.Gillian Anderson is real surprise , and the rest of the cast are all fantastic.Excellent film ! I could watch it a million times . And , by the way , I would like to read the original book this film is based on as well.This film makes you happy even after experiencing a trasic event . I surely believe that .
 This movie `` The Mighty '' is about two kids overcoming obstacles . One of Max 's obstacles was learning how to read and staying positive . One of Kevin 's obstacles was overcoming his physical disability . My favorite part of the movie was towards the end . Max had the courage to speak up and talk in front of the class . Lindsay 's favorite part was when Kevin got on Max 's shoulder and did a slam dunk at the basketball game . We gave this movie five stars because we really liked it and enjoyed it . You should really see this movie because it was funny and at the same time touching .
 We gave the film five stars due to the kindness the characters show . We liked how the two boys , eventhough they had disabilities , came together and solved their problems.The movie was about a boy named Kevin , who has a disability where his organs grew too fast for his body , and a boy named Max who had a learning disability , met each other and decided to be each others friend . Together they fought off bullies and learned a lot about each other . Both characters showed friendship , courage , and love towards each other . We recomend this movie to anyone who ever thought they where alone and had no friends .
 MAGNIFICENT !! Absolutely beautiful performances brought on by those two boys !! I purchased not long ago and watch this almost every day !! And that ending , just brilliant !! I get this weird feeling every time , you know , where you just want to hold them forever , whoever is going through pain . For those who have seen this , you know what I 'm talking about . Even my sisters could n't shut up about how GORGEOUS those boys were -LRB- but hey , this is a weird family , ya know -RRB- Anyhoo , it 's beautiful !! An absolute must if you have a good heart , just like I do .
 This movie is the best ! It 's about 14 year-old Max Kane -LRB- Elden Henson -RRB- and how he meets Kevin Dillon -LRB- Kieran Culkin -RRB- and how they have some crazy adventures `` slaying dragons '' .
 I 've read many books in my life the book was very good i loved it . But when i learned they made a movie I was very excited i rented it the next day . the movie was great one of the best movies I 've seen.It deserves 5 full stars . The idea of a handicaped boy and a large boy twice the size of a normal boy who are both out casts who come together to become as one is simply guenuis . It is a movie for the whole family . It shows how a good friend can do you good.all together this movie is great .
 I love this movie!I love the plot , the characters , and the acting.I felt a weird chill when Killer Kane took Max away.I LOVE this movie ...
 We all gave `` The Mighty '' five stars because they all did really good acting . Kevin -LCB- freak -RCB- did a really good job acting for his disability , because we all believed he was disabled . Max did a really good acting for his learning disability . Plus he is really large and he has the physical features for the part . They both had a really good relationship with each other even when people are teasing them . We loved the action especially when Max 's dad was in the room , that really scared us . Our favorite was when Max 's window was open , and Max closes his eyes and then opened them , and his dad was there . The Mighty was a really good , and thrilling movie . We all enjoyed it .
 This movie touched me . . the mighty is based on the novel Freak the mighty . This is an excellent movie . . great cast , setting . . music ... this movie blends beauitfully from beginning to end .
 This is a heartwarming story about two teenage boys who are the best of friends . This is a must see for children of all ages and adults . This is Sharon Stone 's best work .
 This is a truly GREAT movie . I ca n't understand why it has had so little play . An extremely underrated film . I compare this to `` Cinema Paradiso '' -LRB- which I really loved ... but this is better -RRB- . Sharon Stone was thrilled to be offered a role in such a quality film and noted that such opportunities are rarely available . I have to agree , films of this level are only made once or twice a decade worldwide.Sharon Stone , Macauly Culkin , music by Sting !!! How does a film like this get overlooked ??? This is Macauly 's best role IMO .
 This is a great movie of two kids growing up and becoming friends and using their imaginations as they pass through several awakening adventures . One is a partially disabled nerdy little guy who ends up tutoring the other and in the course of doing so , brings out a love of books and an understanding towards life and a never ending friendship . A sad , yet well done and very uplifting ending .
 This is an excellent movie . how two under-dog kids can overcome obstacles and find true meaning to life , compassion and helping one another . one of the best movies ever .
 `` The Mighty '' is a great movie because it shows that people with the biggest differences can become friends . The actors who played Max and Kevin really got into character . They got into character so much , it made you get into the movie and pay attention . People with similar disabilities can relate to this movie , because people with disabilities know that they can become friends with people without disabilities . Kevin and Max 's friendship let them accomplish more than they could alone .
 I do recommend this movie ... As a special education teacher , I believe any student with a physical or learning disability should love the book and the movie .
 It 's a very heart-warming tale of two boys that join brains and brawn to overcome the obstacles in life.The characters were well chosen , created a magical friendship and were realistic in their portrail of each individual 's disabilities.The characters included Max and Kevin , both with developemental disabilities . Kevin was a teenager with strong physical disabilities but a very strong mind . He is able to help Max overcome his learning disability through immagination and creativity . Both boys are kind to the surrounding community and part take in many deeds of good service . However , Blade and his gang , do cause many obstacles for Max & Kevin to conquer . A wonderful movie for the entire family to enjoy !
 The Mighty was a great movie for all ages.The classic battle between good and evil.The main focus is the limitations two boys faced on being a large slow minded Traumatized boy and a crippled genius that came together to help one another threw the toughest time in life growing up.Also jamed packed with cameos of huge hollywood stars.A must see for everyone . heart felt and insightfull .
 ` The Mighty ' would truly have to be one of the most tragic films of the ' 98 - '99 film year - but not because of it 's subject matter -LRB- though it is a force to be reckoned with -RRB- , but the simple fact that it just * had * to be made after ` Simon Birch ' . Both films were made with the same subject matter , the old giant and small-man storyline . The film is mainly focused on two boys , Max - who is huge -LRB- could probably kick any bully 's behind in thirty seconds flat -RRB- , but - as he describes it - has no brain . Despite his large stature , a lot goes over Max 's head . The second boy is Kevin -LRB- Kieren Culkin -RRB- , a small boy inflicted with a serious and deadly disease . The boys begin what would be a strong alliance - you see , Kevin has a brain , and Max has legs . Yup . They soon become basically one with eachother , embarking on childhood adventures centered around King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table type fantasies . They run into thier nemesis , however , when they find a wallet stolen from a biker chick livin ' with her biker bad boy boyfriend - Loretta Lee -LRB- Gillian Anderson -RRB- . Anderson proves to us that she can move away from her ` X-Files ' , flashlight toting persona for this wacky , ` far out ' role . She is bearly recognizable , but enjoyably so . Anyways , Loretta 's biker dude boyfriend just happens to be a serious problem for the boys ... . but I 'm not going to say anything else - would n't want to spoil it . I 've just now realized that I 've forgotten to mention Sharon Stone -LRB- who does n't really rock my world in the film -RRB- . Her performance was good , as were Culkin 's and Ratliff 's . Overall the plot , story , film , yadda , yadda , yadda , was very good , and , in my opinion , worth it 's weight in rental movies .
 This movie made me laugh , cry -LRB- a whole lot , get tissues ready -RRB- I loved the joining of one of my favorite folklores and the present day with the young actors . Great soundtrack too by Trevor Jones . Beautiful film and it 's a great movie for older kids to understand that reading any story and using your imagination is a wonderful thing .
 This movie not only has an unusual story , but the actors and actresses make it real . I highly recommend this movie as a great family movie .
 The movie `` The Mighty '' is about two young kids . Kevin Dillon -LRB- Kieran Culkin -RRB- is very ill he ca n't walk on his own and he gets seizures a lot . Maxwell Cane -LRB- Elden Ratliff -RRB- . Max become friends with Kevin . He carries Kevin on his shoulders a lot . Max 's grandma , is a nice character who takes good care of Max . She is married to Grim.Kevin 's mom who is Gwen Dillon , is very nice . She takes care of Kevin and does n't miss her husband . He 's in jail this actor 's name is Sharon Stone . Max 's dad , -LRB- James Gandolfini -RRB- Kenny Kane , has been in jail for a while . Loretta Lee is a nice woman she helps out Kevin and Max in the end . This actors name is Gillian Anderson.I liked the movie . I 'd give it five golden stars . Double that amount . I just think it was a really good movie . That 's all I can tell you so if you have n't seen it go see it now .
 This movie was great culkin and henson where great . I liked the book to it is very simalar to simon birch and just a good . did you know that the boy who played simon birch was orignaly going to play kevin in this movie but changed his mind.if you like culkin and henson toghter you can see them in she all that . i bought this i i hope to watch it agai and again it would make a good double feature with simon birch .
 First I 'm very happy to meet this movie . I like the way the narrator talks and this music is nice . I think this movie is well worth seeing . I hope many people see this movie and enjoy .
 Everyone should experience this touching yet hysterical film about fitting in and growing up . It combines elements of history and present day aspects of courage , honor , and friendship that everyone can relate to .
 I WATCHED THIS MOVIE FOR ONE REASON , GILLIAN ANDERSON . THAT 'S RIGHT , BUT WHAT I FOUND WAS A GREAT FILM . THAT BROUGHT OUT THE BEST IN TWO BOYS . I HAVE NEVER SEEN SUCH A GREAT FILM . NEVER . AND THE WAY IT WAS DIRECTED WAS GREAT ALSO . IT HAS A GREAT CAST OF ACTERS AND ACTRESSES . THIS IS A MUST SEE , YOU WILL NEVER REGRET IT . THIS FILM WILL BRING OUT EVERYTHING IN A HUMAN BEING AND MAY MAKE YOU MIGHTY IN THE PROCESS .
 This movie is about two boys whobecome really good friends -LRB- Culkin & Ratliff -RRB- both have really wild imaginations . both boys are different from each other and everyone else , but much lie one another in many ways . This film is the only drama that did n't make me cry , because everything that happened was expected . Sharon Stone who plays Gwen Dillon -LRB- kevin 's mother -RRB- did a fine job with her part . Gillian Anderson -LRB- scully from the X-FILES -RRB- fit her part very well as an ex-cauns girlfriend , who gives max a helping hand . My favorite quote from this movie was said by Stone `` Congratulations , you must be proud . You 've just given birth to a healthy seven pound dictionary . '' I think this movie is much like `` Simon Birch '' . Both Simon & Kevin were born with birth defects , and both found one very special friend who was always there for them . I think this movie was very good and so was the book . You should read the book first before you see the movie .
 AFTER READING THE BOOK , I COULD N'T WAIT TO SEE THE MOVIE - I WAS ABLE TO WATCH IT TODAY AND ALL I CAN SAY IS - I CA N'T WAIT TO SHOW MY STUDENTS AND HAVE A LESSON ON THE COMPARISON OF THE MOVIE & THE NOVEL - IT WAS ABSOLUTELY THE BEST !
 This film is one of my favorite movies . I had requested before and you did not have it . Read the book and had to have the movie . Excellent !!!!
 This item arrived promptly and was packaged very well . The item was in excellent condition . No scratches , dents , or evidence of prior use . Shrink wrapped .
 I bought the book , and have started reading yet I was n't so drawn into it than this movie . I cry a lot , I am sensitive and I cried a lot . Though I love this movie it 's amazing . It 's funny , I kind of see it like me and my best friend . What a great movie . It 's emotional at the end , but so adventurous . I loved it I would recommend it.A boy who 's very tall , ca n't read well , has a learning disability , no friends , gets picked on , and had a horrible childhood . Than he meets a boy who has a physical disability , lives next store and he handles him self with arrogant people in school . And they work together with a friendship while the boy `` freak '' teaching `` the mighty '' to read and to handle himself with the arrogant bully 's in school . And then there 's more ... you need to watch its amazing .10 stars .
 This movie is so well done , from the very first word to the last image . I dare you not to be inspired !
 This was such a great movie . My foster daughter just loves it . Thanks . I 'm glad they still make decent movies .
 I love this movie and was so happy to find it with Amazon . My sister teaches 4th graders and thinks all kids should learn tolerance ... great movie to share .
 This is a very touching and poignant story about how 2 boys that are completely different can become true friends . The general idea of the story is true to the book , but there are some differences . It is a great movie for children to watch with their parents . Due to the profane language and swearing , I would not recommend it for those under 13 . I was hoping to share it with my class of 8th graders , but found it not to be suitable for the school setting due to the language and profane reference to a woman 's anatomy . Overall it is a great story , but should be viewed with caution .
 This film is part of my English 11 summer school curriculum . My students read an abridged version of the script and then watch the movie . The actors who portray the two boys are excellent matches for their characters . Since VHS deteriorates over time , I wanted to have the DVD version .
 This movie will enchant the heart mind and soul , as a `` mute '' boy comes back to life with the help of special disabled kid named Kevin . Sharon Stone stars as Kevin 's mother trying to make Kevin 's time on Earth a wonderful experience -LRB- all that he has left that is -RRB- One of Stone 's most moving roles , but still I think you should stick with the older stuff such as ... SLIVER !
 I was very impressed by this movie . The reason I saw the movie to begen with was because I wanted to see Gillian Anderson . She did an excelant job -LRB- as always -RRB- , and so did all the other actors in this film . I enjoyed watching Gena Rowlands and Sharon Stone . They were great . This movie has great meaning and is good for the hole family .
 This is a movie to take the kids to and the grandparents as well . As heartwarming and real as anything I have seen . Living near Cincinnati , I was curious as to the locale shots , but most seem to be on the money . The book Freak The Mighty this was taken from is just as interesting and entertaining . One of the few movies to do justice to a book
 I think that the movie The Mighty was very good , but not as good as the book . The movie added a little too much . Like the scene when Kevin rides the bumper of the van down the hill to get to Max . In the book he did n't do that . Although , the movie did the follow the book in amny ways . It had a lot of quotes that Max or Kevin said . It also showed many of the adventures that Max and Kevin went on together . It also showed the many battles with the doghouse boys and Blade . For the most part , the movie did follow the book very good , but like they always say , books are better than movies , and i agre with this one .
 if you only have your kids see one movie this year , make sure its this one . An inspiring movie for kids of all ages , my wife and I watched this with our youngest -LRB- 9 -RRB- , and next day gathered his older brothers -LRB- 12 & 16 -RRB- to watch it . They enjoyed it and we are waiting anxiously to have it released for home purchase . We want this one in our collection .
 A touching movie about two misfit teen boys who find each other , become best friends and give strength to each other 's weakness . Great message for kids and adults alike , as it 's main theme is to accept people who are different .
 I ca n't wait to own this one ! This is truly a great family movie . Very wholesome , with no nudity , mild violence -LRB- no blood & guts type stuff -RRB- almost no swearing , and no drugs . It 's a wonderful story of friendship , acceptance , courage and discovery . It 's a true heart-warming , feel-good movie .
 The Mighty is an excellent film that I had been awaiting for a long time . The cast is amazing but does not let us down when it comes to the storyline . Gillian Anderson proves to naysayers that she is a phenomenal actress , Sharon Stone gives a great performance , Gena Rowlands , Meatloaf , and best of all Kieran Culkin round off this amazing movie . I was impressed by the effect this film had on me and others . I hope to encourage others to view it as soon as possible .
 This is one of those rare movies that not only entertains but draws you into it , educates you , and inspires you to be a better person!About 20 minutes into this movie , my -LRB- 22-year old -RRB- son came by to visit . After a few minutes , he asked me if I minded rewinding so we could watch it together . I did n't , and we did . We both cried , cheered , and cried AND cheered . He has since seen it several times with other friends . My daughter and her husband saw it -LRB- with me -RRB- later , and are recommending it to their friends . I have bought two copies to send to my two sets of nephews , and a copy for myself . Santa may drop copies by my childrens ' houses , but he does n't want them to know ! I have n't seen so many people touched by a movie since `` Amazing Grace and Chuck . `` It may not be a movie for very young children , but if your child is old enough to go outside alone , watch this movie with him and/or her ! Discuss it with them ! Watch it with your mom and dad ! Watch it alone - just WATCH it !
 I have never wanted to buy a video even as I sat watching it ... I will buy this one ! Max is the essence of my son ... all the good parts of them both ! I can not believe the film studio let this out without a huge fanfare ... where are their heads !!!!! I will rent it again ... until the price is down where I can afford to purchase it .
 I think it 's a fairly realistic representation of the Marines . It 's still journalism , but it does touch some of the issues . Better than some documentaries I have seen .
 I am one of `` McCoy 's Marines '' mentioned in this documentary . As a former Infantry Marine , 3-time Iraq War Veteran , and member of the 3rd Battalion 4th Marines , Kilo Company out 29 Palms , CA - this is a great film to help those of us who were there remember what happened as we crossed the border and fought our way into Baghdad in 2003 . From the training in Kuwait at Camp Ripper before crossing the border , to the actual assaults on cities with known enemies present , it was riveting to briefly relive everything we 'd gone through . Semper Fi Marines , and fellow viewers alike .
 I love a well-made documentary , one that allows me to see the world through the lens of another person . This is exactly what this film does . I am not transgender , but , after watching this movie , I felt that I had a much better understanding of what it feels like to be transgender - what the day-to-day life experience is like . Highly worth the time spent watching , as it has impacted my perspective permanently .
 Honestly before watching this I was n't comfortable with the idea of transgender . This film has changed my perspective a great deal . It is about a real person , not the Hollywood or news adaptations that we normally see . It shows a realistic perspective and the struggles that transgender people face . I highly recommend it .
 Really liked the quirky Meris who came full circle to discover what really makes life full . It never is what we think it is when we are young and add in the mix of grunge friends who truly care and life spins for awhile . I watched it twice and see something different every time .
 Though it takes a few aspects of life to the edges of the extreme , there is something in the main character 's plight that is not altogether unlike the woes of others who find their partner to be a much different person in the presence of the crowd they ran with prior to meeting you and leaving your physical surroundings . Once dumped , there is pleasure to having no anchors in one 's life and figuring things out moment to moment . She seemed to have suppressed her true self just as much as he did , and only truly shines when she 's in the company of quirkier personalities - speaking of which ... excellent second tier characters galore . The mute Alex from Everclear is a little distracting and misplaced , but as an ode to my home state , I enjoyed the movie very much .
 This is my new `` favorite '' movie , loved it from beginning to end . Good music , loved he characters and kept thinking is n't he from Everclear ?? Katie O'Grady really made the movie for me as did all of players . Type about painfully quirky !
 Rid of Me is a wonderful movie about a woman who is treated very badly , and starts over again ... I love the scenes in the candy shop - and the community garden :-RRB- :-RRB- The interactions with othersand her journey is really inspiring . It 's an independent film so the music is unique and not something youwould hear every day.There was only one scene that I did not like - as it was kind of gross ... but I 'll let you be the judge : -RRB-
 It highlights the good ol' boy mentality , the whole frat boy and `` I 'm better because I 'm white '' thing . She tries to adjust to his friends and old neighborhood the best she can , but is constantly out of place . Her idea of a happy family , as well as her identity , is gone until she rediscovers herself . It 's quirky and sometimes sad , but worth watching .
 RID OF ME is great indie film ! The actress playing Meris -LRB- Katie O'Grady -RRB- is fantastic . You start out feeling so bad for her and cringing at all the bad stuff that happens . Then you get to see so many different sides of her you end up loving Meris . I thoroughly enjoyed this movie !
 I first caught this movie on a really late night and at first I thought it was so strange . But I kept watching and I could definitely empathize with the main character . I think everyone can-except the people who were cool in high school . This movie is definitely one of my favorites .
 College Grads , Mininum Wage , The Gap , Slackers , Roommates , Disco , Friends with Benefits , Health Clinic , My Sharona -LRB- 80 's song -RRB- , Spoofing `` The Real World `` and MTV , Chain Smoking , and Your Gas Card . Everything 90 's , and Generation '' Slacker '' X , need a course this is your lesson , typical Hollywood ending of course , but nothing short of perfect of an unperfect time with low spectations of a generation . JEANNE GARAFALO HILARIOUS , `` I am Hungry '' . -LRB- conversation assumes -RRB- Lets Order Pizza . I Dont Have Cash . I can write a check . Oh Wait . -LRB- Ryder holds up a gas card -RRB- Garafolo replies , Gas we are going to eat gas .
 Esta es un clasico de mi generaci&oacute;n . Muy buena pelicula , excelentes actores y un soundtrack increible . La recomiendo totalmente !!
 An almost unknown movie , this is one of my favorite Wynona Rider movies . Her characterisation of a somehow disgruntled young teenager wishing to make something of her life as soon as possible is simply brilliant . Ethan Hawke and Ben Stiller flirt around her , and again opposites attract as the beautiful Hawke seduces the belle by going through a lot of happenstances and quid pro quos . In the end , both of them have grown a lot and have changed , become more mature and with eyes more open at life . See it and love it ^_^
 I read all these comments ... no one liked this movie but me !! Come on , what an all-star cast ; Winnona Rider , Ben Stiller , Janeane Garofalo , and Ethan Hawke . Besides having great unique characters this movie is about how Reality does Bite sometimes , and is full of funny lines , mostly by smart aleck Troy Dire ... `` You look like a doilly . ''
 My wifes favorite movie can now be watched for weeks without renting it over and over . Thanks for saving me money in the lond run .
 I watched this movie a long time ago so I do not remember excatly what I thought about it - I just remember I really loved it , and if I will just get my father 's premission to use his credit card ... I 'll buy it as soon as I can.Besides , it was the first Ethan Hawke movie I saw - and ever since then I 've seen more movies of him and he 's my favorite actor now . You can say Winona Ryder is one of my favorite actresses too - I just love her !
 I thought it was a great movie because that is how reality is for some people.I think Ethan Hawke is a total cutie and that Winona Ryder is so lucky . My favorite part in the movie was when Lelaina and Vicki were dancing in the store to that really stupid music.I think that it 's the kind of movie that you could see twice .
 This is one of the best movies that I have ever seen . It is a big appeal to Generation-X , and also with teenagers . It is the story of some kids who just graduate from college and deal with relationships , feelings , and `` the real world '' . It also had a fabulous cast with well acted characters . The fact about this film is that you will either love it or hate it . Just give it a try , and I think you will be happy .
 I think that ` Reality Bites ' has been unfairly labeled as thin and hollow . I actually feel as though the film tackles its issues with grace and delicacy , handling the subject in a way that feels complete when the credits begin to roll . The film was never meant to be a weighty message type film but more a relaxed look at real concerns of the youths of the 90 's -LRB- or ` Generation X ' -RRB- . For what it sets out to do , I think ` Reality Bites ' works very well . When you couple the finely crafted script with the exceptional cast and Ben Stiller 's surprisingly attune direction you have a very entertaining and satisfying cinematic experience.The film follows a group of friends after they graduate from college and struggle to decide what to do with their lives . Their lives in general are being documented by Lelaina , an aspiring filmmaker . She passes around her video camera asking her friends intimate questions and capturing their every moment on film in order to document the struggles of the average young adult . Her friends include the promiscuous Vickie -LRB- Garofalo in a sublime supporting performance -RRB- , the slacker Troy and the closeted Sammy . Together they make for an interesting group , and when you add in Michael Grates , a video executive who takes a liking to Lelaina after a fender-bender causes them to meet.The script allows the cast to really sink into the issues their breed of young adult faces in a world that is not ready to accept them despite the fact that they are finely crafted . They are over-educated and under-appreciated and cast into a world that does n't ` get ' them . Each actor really grabs hold of their character and delivers a strong and passionate performance . Janeane Garofalo is wonderful as Vickie , really getting the sense of her characters fears and ambitions . Steve Zahn is good as Sammy , but he does take a backseat to the rest of the cast . Ethan Hawke and Ben Stiller are both superbly cast as the two opposite ends of Lelaina 's love life . Hawke creates a very believable mess inside of Troy , and Stiller finds new depths of sincerity in order to make Michael a likable and nearly lovable man . The real star is Winona Ryder though , who just illuminates each scene as Lelaina . She had such a wonderful year -LRB- with this and her Oscar nominated turn in ` Little Women ' -RRB- that it is a shame to see that her star has faded to date.In the end I must say that I was very impressed with ` Reality Bites ' , and am pleasantly surprised to say that it is one of the hidden -LRB- or maybe more or less misunderstood -RRB- gems of the year that was 1994 . Sure , the year in general was not overly impressive -LRB- aside from a few amazing films it was rather dull -RRB- , but ` Reality Bites ' is one of the highlights of the year , and is definitely better than the film that ultimately won Best Picture -LRB- do n't hate me because I 'm right -RRB- .
 This movie changed my life . How ? The books that the character ` Troy ' -LRB- Ethan Hawke -RRB- either reads or references in the movie . Sure , it 's a great movie but what meant the most for me was the director 's or writer 's -LRB- or whoever it was -RRB- choice to use or reference the following books
 I LOVE this movie . Its definitely one of my favorite go-to movies , although I do n't think it was/is a very popular one . Maybe I like it because I 'm a girl , -LRB- my husband does n't really like it , but loves Ben Stiller so I made him watch it -RRB- but I think both sexes would be entertained by it . A perfect , early 90 's - era flick about the lives of young 20-somethings . I think it has a really good cast of characters and is very entertaining !
 `` Reality Bites '' stars Oscar nominees Winona Ryder , Ethan Hawke , plus Ben Stiller , Jeneane Garofalo , and Steve Zahn . Ben Stiller makes his fine directorial debut in this film . This is a great coming-of-age comedy proving that being independant is n't as great as it looks . The plot of four college graduates moving into a house together is highly entertaining , especially considering all four people have opposite personalities . All of them combined as one adds lots of laughs
 The first time I saw this movie was on HBO . But then I had gotten it on video and now DVD . It 's timeless and still fits into today 's culture . Since the 90 's of course was n't that too long ago . Winona Ryder who plays college graduate Lelaina Pierce who likes to make documentaries . She is making a documentary of her friends who are played by
 What none of the other reviewers have expressed is the fact that this movie is so much more than just Lanie 's love triangle . It 's not `` just another twenty-something 's movie '' . The makers of this film lead us into the family lives of our new friends . We see why they are so confused . It also shows the audience that there are those of us out there who have college degrees and do n't know what the hell to do after we take off the cap and gown . It is by far one of my all time favorites .
 I Loved this movie ! It had everything
 `` Reality Bites '' is a movie that I found -LRB- and still find -RRB- to be very close to the real life experiences people who leave the safety of college face . If you are in your late 30s or early 40s and kinda settled in your ways and job , you probably wo n't get this movie anymore . You are too grown up and the issues these mid-20 something kids are facing will seem trivial and nonsensical to you . Heck , even the actors , in the movie 's `` special features '' section - especially Steve Zahn and Ethan Hawke , as well as Ben Stiller - do n't really get the characters they played 16 years ago anymore . They talk about how childish their struggles in retrospect seem to have been and how bratty and ungrateful they find their characters now that they themselves have reached their mid-late 30s , early 40s and apparently figured out what life is all about
 A fun movie all around ! Winona Ryder and Ethan Hawke are definately the standout stars ! Eventhough it 's basically a romance movie it still rocks the house ! I looooove the gen X 90 's feeling it has to it . It really took me back . Lalaine 's desire to hustle money was a great learning lesson , too . I also think that she picked the best one in the end . But , the best thing about Reality Bites is it 's great filming location . H-TOWN ! Makes me sooooo proud to be from here !
 I really enjoyed this movie and I 'm very picky about which movies I like . Winona Ryder did an excellent job in her role as a disillusioned college graduate . The script has some great dialog and a lot of pop references ... the scene making fun of the MTV is HYSTERICAL ! I recently rented this movie and watched it two times ... one of the better movies I 've seen in a while . Here 's where my complaint comes in ... the story somehow develops into a love triangle -LRB- I really did n't see the movie as a whole driven by this as many people do -RRB- ... . but am I the only one that thinks Lelaina picked the wrong guy ? I mean I dont want to spoil anything but the one she picked was a real jerk to her ... . Well , watch it for yourself this is n't some GenX cliche . . it 's a very good movie .
 I did n't find this movie stereotypical at all , unlike some of the other posters here . I thought that the dialogue was great , not to the level of Tarantino or Smith , but still very quick and some very good one liners , most of them coming from Ethan Hawke . I liked the relationship between Winona Ryder and Ethan Hawke , and one of my favorite scenes ever is when he confesses his love to her at the end of the movie . Janene Garafolo 's scenes at the Gap are priceless , especially when she 's folding the shirts . This is a really funny movie , and I would definitely recommend it .
 Oh come on . . I loved this movie . Ok . The first time I saw it I hated it . I was disgusted by the way that the characters were trying to be so witty all the time and so on . . -LRB- this was a couple of years ago -RRB- But when I watched this again a couple of weeks ago I realized what a dope I 'd been . The idea is the one I love
 I absolutely LOVE this movie ; so much so , that it is hard to find the words to express to you how much . But I 'll give it `` the ole college try . '' -LRB- Ha -RRB- The screenplay is fantastic , the characters are developed to perfection and the entire cast makes them come alive . REALITY BITES to me is a great example of TEAMWORK . Hats off to everyone involved!I give REALITY BITES five stars because it is clever , emotional , thought-provoking -LRB- lots of `` what ifs '' for me -RRB- , entertaining , and it 's one of a few movies I own that I can watch repeatedly and enjoy each time . -LRB- The first time was the best for me though . -RRB- The entire movie is terrific ; however , I especially enjoyed the love triangle between Lelaina , Michael and Troy . You ca n't see the ending coming because both Troy and Michael have qualities Lalaina wants and needs in a man . But she can only choose one . -LRB- That stinks does n't it ? Ha ! -RRB- I believe she made the right choice for her and the same one I would have made.REALITY BITES is a great date movie , to enjoy with friends , or solo . Bottom line -- you have got to see REALITY BITES . _________________________________________________________________ LALAINA
 I was glad to see that Reality Bites actually has a cast member from MTV 's `` The Real World '' , since the movie is based on the show . Glen Naessens from the second Real World was a good addition .
 `` Reality Bites '' is one of the most funny , refreshing , insightful films in recent years . Filled with realistic characters and multitudinous pop culture references -LRB- which add a great deal to the fun -RRB- , this movie is definitely a winner . The best performance , however , is usually overlooked . That is that of Ms Janeane Garofolo , who plays Winona 's friend , Vickie . That description can hardly do justice to the brilliance with which Janeane creates her character , Vickie , a cynical , funny , dissatisfied yet dedicated person who through much of the film is wondering about whether or not she has AIDS . Her brilliant performance , a mixture of hilarious comedy and deep , touching pathos is what reaches this film to a level above all the rest out there . Admittedly , the role of wisecracking best friend could have been a one-dimensional role but she creates a person out of Vickie -- a person anyone would love to be best friends with . The most hilarious moment in the film has to be the `` dramatization '' she and her gay friend make of how he will come out to his parents . She is a riot . Plain and simple .
 I 've only seen this movie a couple times but I definitley love it because it is one of the best movies I have ever seen ! My best friend Sarah made me watch it one day and i instantly felt the need to buy it ! I definitely recommend it !!!
 When this film hit theatres in 1994 , I was a high school junior who had just scored a 4 on my Advanced Placement -LRB- AP -RRB- U.S. History test , and passed my AP English and Biology tests as well . I was included in the `` Who 's Who '' of American High School students -LRB- twice -RRB- , selected by my high school faculty to attend three prestigious leadership camps -LRB- including a journalism conference in DC -RRB- , and was a member of a popular local R&B group to boot . Oh , and I spoke at my high school graduation too . The point is , I had a lot going for me , so this movie about the utter mediocrity of post-college life -LRB- for some -RRB- meant nothing to me at the time . Except for the brilliantly simple song `` Stay , '' by Lisa Loeb , that grabbed me the first time I saw it on MTV during what I consider one of the best summers for Alternative music - period.Now almost ten years later , the happenings in this film finally resonate with my own life experience . I can relate to Ethan Hawke 's despairing character who seems to have detached himself from his miserable situation and become wrapped up in his own philisophical musings on the futility of life . And I can also certainly relate to the despair that Winona Ryder 's character felt when her dreams were n't exactly coming true for her , despite what she percieved as her gift for filmmaking . The title of the film means so much more to me now than it did before . When I was an overachieving high school student , and super-involved college student at UC Santa Barbara , I thought I had the world in the palm of my hand . I thought life would be a breeze after graduation . Boy was I wrong.The Ben Stiller character is who I thought I would be , and who I still hope to be . Because pop culture really is my passion . More than anything , Reality Bites seems to be a personal statement from Ben Stiller , a hollywood figure who I have seriously come to admire over the years . His brand of cerebral humor is definitely a breath of fresh air . He is able to point fun at otherwise devastating situations -LRB- like shattered dreams -RRB- and I have to hand it to him . I really did feel better after viewing this film.For those of you reading this review , all I will say is this
 Johnny Dept could n't have tattooed it better . He got the Winona Forever tattoo back when they were a couple , and that is what this movie is about . Who will get to spend the rest of there life with her ? In a GenX fashioned love story , Reality Bites tries to show how to fall in love in a commercial and profit based world . Ben Stiller accurately portrays the money motivated individual , who cares more about making it then living life by his own terms . Unfortunately , this is the path that most people must take to survive . Ethan Hawke tries to live life on his own terms , but comes off more like a tool of the Tobacco Company . Winona has to choose between these flawed characters , neither of whom are strong enough to provide her the kind of love she deserves . This is her best role , and her acting is amazing . She looks amazing too . I wonder if director Ben asked her not to where a bra , because there is a pretty blatant change in her posture when she exits a building that 's tough to overlook . But I 'm not complaining . She definitely carries this movie , and even though both guys are idiots - they are the kind of guys most women get stuck with but do n't always know it . In the end , the old feel sorry me approach -LRB- by whom I wont divulge -RRB- , wins over Winona and they 're left together with some satifaction but a little ` what do we do now feeling ' like at the end of the Graduate . If you love this movie , it 's worth owning on DVD for it 's nice picture , letterbox format , and excellent reply value . It 's one of my favorites .
 everything should see this . wonderfully diverse soundtrack , always in play in on form or another in my home ... ok yes buy
 Even though the movie is old , it still applies today . Great combination of actors and actresses.It is worth watching because the actors and actresses work well together . .
 I do n't care what anyone says - I LOVE this movie ! It brings back so many memories from the 90 's - music , clothes , atmosphere . For those things alone , I recommend watching it .
 Love this movie ! Could n't find it in any stores since it 's older . It took a little longer to arrive than some other items I had purchased at the same time , but still within a reasonable time frame .
 I ca n't express how classic this movie is . If you have ever seemed to quetion what the hell you are going to do with your life or questioned relationships with friends , this is the movie for you . It 's funny , sad -LRB- happy sad -RRB- , and the soundtrack is nothing but early 90 's classics . BUY IT ! You ca n't beat the cast ... Winona Ryder , Ethan Hawke , Ben Stiller , and Geneane Garofolow -LRB- ca n't spell her name -RRB- .
 The first time I watched this film I thought it was great and I had to own it . Mostly because I enjoyed the idea of four college friends sharing their lives together , and the fact that Winona Ryder starred!The charcter Vickie is an instant favourite and wonderfully played by Janeane Garofolo ! Also the soundtrack was great and really added the right knd of feel to the film . The documentary idea was a very nice touch . The opening scene where the four friends are on top of the building after their graduation is very amusing - life seems fine until reality starts to bite as the film progresses . One of my other favourite scenes is when they start dancing in the store.However , after watching it so many times I had the urge to write my own ending ! What started out as a film about four friends with a complicated love interest as a sub plot soon became a story about a love triangle ... I do n't think the character Sam was focused enough on and we are left at the end wondering what has happened to him and Vickie.Despite this I really did like the film , it is one of my all-time favourites and I will most likely watch it again .
 the movie is very interest to be watched and besides , it get comedy in it and good actress
 Reality bites marks the directorial debut of a guy that may become the next Woody Allen . With A great cast that includes the wonderful Janeane Garofalo in her best role to date as the best friend facing A life or death situation . This is the kind of movie that all students about to graduate high school or college should see to help them prepare for the reality of the real world .
 Reality Bites is still one of the coolest movies from the '90s . This film was extremely accurate to the times and conditions of those heavy-handed days . Great performances by Winona Ryder and Ethan Hawke . It is kinda weird that Ben Stiller not only stars in this but directed it as well . Stiller did a fine job directing even though his acting is another story . I like the unrequited love aspect of this film , boy loves his best friend but best friend is falling for egostical career dude . If there was one movie to watch about the impossible task of making a relationship work , I would pick Reality Bites as the one to answer all your heartsick questions . Enjoy !
 How can anybody watch Reality Bites and not think to themselves `` what the hell am I doing here ? '' . The movie shows a neurotic yet plausible girl in her mid-twenties twisted through her job , relationships and in altogether life . She is the person you find interesting to look at , to watch , to come in contact with but you do n't want to actually be her . You feel she is what American society has become . A twisted ingenious in which things very rarely go right for but in the end all suddenly comes together . This movie has become a genre all by itself . If you have any thought in your mind that this movie is even close to insufficient you have mistaken yourself . No matter what kind of person you are there is no way I believe anyone can think there is no true point to this movie .
 Reality Bites definitely surprised me with it 's quality . I was expecting it to be a half-assed 1990 's Breakfast Club but I was pleasantly proven wrong . The talented actors and actresses definitely make this movie worth watching . If you want to watch a movie that will leave you with this silly grin on your face and an improved outlook on life , take some time and watch this gem . 5 stars .
 For those of us who lived and breathed the 90s ... This movie rocks ! It totally captures our generation , what seems to be the long gone era of grunge ... before boy bands , Britney , Paris and Bush came along to destroy humanity . Grab a popcorn and get nostalgic .
 The 90 's , in retrospect , were a wonderful time . Oh , the flannel , the Starbucks , the grunge , and Kennedy from MtV . So much great music ! If you 're a Gen X'er longing for those glory days and remembering all those aspects , `` REALITY BITES '' is one of those films that will take you back . Forget about how fast we 're getting old by wasting 90 minutes with this loveable cast . In fact , make it a 90 's memory-lane triple header by watching `` SINGLES '' and `` CLERKS '' as well !
 Just graduated from college , I can really relate to the soul searching and individualism represented in this movie . Young people these days have no real role models , and this movie tries to document the `` reality '' of finding a place for yourself in this world without help from anyone . This is one of the most cleverly written movies I have ever seen . Clever , Witty , Romantic with a '90s kick . Do n't pass up this film .
 All i have to say about this movie is that it was wonderful , funny , and great for us teenagers to view on ourselves and find out about the many struggles that happen in our life !!!!! And Winona Ryder did an excellent job !!! SEE IT !!!!
 I 'm sure everyone knows what this movie is about - Lalaina -LRB- Wynona Ryder -RRB- ca n't seem to choose between 2 opposite men in her life
 can any Gen X'er give this movie less than 5 stars ?? The 80s and 90s were full of sappy love stories . This one had some sarcastic humor and intelligence in it ! -LRB- Many did , but this happens to be one of my personal faves ... -RRB- Personally , watching Winona Ryder 's career -LRB- which I feel has always been diverse and , dang the girl is truly talented -RRB- as an actress morph from her `` Beetlejuice '' and `` Welcome Home , Roxy Carmichael '' days made this movie all the more REAL.Plotwise - let 's all admit it , the movie tackles some touchy subjects , even if there is a pinch of sappy , predictable sweetness in it - we maybe did n't land our dream job right after accepting our degrees . We maybe did n't have this swell Manhattan penthouse we dreamed of . And maybe we 've all been in love , possibly once or twice . And maybe we 've had our hearts broken , once or twice.And God forbid you ever had roommates ... this movie brings out the common `` I getcha '' humor that many of us have experienced
 great beginning directing movie for Ben Stiller who has a good part but then his charater gets a little annoying at the end and I liked that Ryder picked Hawke over Stiller . the funniest thing is that Steve Zahn 's character turns out to be gay , hilarious . Ethan Hawke sings `` Im Nuthing '' in the bar scene and he sings it good , not perfect or awesome , but good . Garafolo is a hoot . its funny and charming and a great start for Stiller , who 's sister and mom appear in this movie along with Renee Zellweger , David Spade and Kevin Pollack .
 I 've seen this movie sooooooo many times and let me tell you it rocks . I know this movie by heart it deals with everyday life but is really funny while doing it !!! If you have n't seen it yet please do so for me !!! it 's well worth it hey I 'll even let you borrow my copy !!! ryder , hawk , and stiller make a wonderful pair in this movie so you ca n't go wrong let me just say ... do n't bogart that can man , are you retarted ? no I 'm rhyming !!!
 and it is really good . superb acting . it makes you wan na watch it over and over again because it 's funny , it 's romantic -LSB- not the titanic-type , please -RSB- and it 's just pure FUN watching these 4 friends getting along and just going completely nuts ! sure Troy talks big and all but oh come on , the movie was just full of sarcasm and clever-wit . what is wrong with clever-wits ? at least each character in the movie -LSB- the 4 friends AND michael -RSB- responded well to them . no one were being put down in the movie . i do n't know . . i really would n't mind these clever-talk movies once in awhile . but the bottom line is - this movie is entertaining from the start till the end . so watch it !
 Reality Bites is by far my favorite film , mainly because the script is so cleverly written . You 'll find yourself quoting lines from each character , and reveling in the humour of every scene . I have n't been able to find a flaw in this film . Instead , every time I watch it I find something new to laugh about . The cast is wonderful , and each character plays his part wonderfully . If you like witty humour and are looking for some pure fun , be sure to check this film out !
 This movie is so fantastic , and , I beleive , a good movie for people of any age . The numerous pop-culture references do have the flavor of a certain American era , but the great humor in those references is timeless . You could n't ask for a better cast , with Winona Ryder as Lelaina Pierce , a college valedictorian who learns that life can be rough to navigate even for someone as smart and hardworking as herself . Both Ethan Hawke as Troy and Ben Stiller as Michael are hysterically funny as drastically different characters who share nothing except a romantic love for Winona 's character . This movie does n't take itself too seriously -- it 's just a really fun time .
 I read the very lengthy review that I saw first , and I must say I was appalled . I do n't know if your from a different generation , thats fine , but no need to criticize the generations that follow . This has been one of my favorite movies for years . We find Winona Ryder , valevictorian of her university working as an assistant for a cocky talk show host . Finally she retaliates against her position working for the man when she is overqualified for the job . Janeane Garofalo , however , is the hippy of the movie . She enjoys 70 's music , and 70 's apparel , working at the Gap . Ethan Hawke is a genuis who feels that anything he does is almost a waste of his time until he gets a family wake up call . Steve Zahn is a man who is coming to terms with his sexuality . This is not a movie of losers , this is four people graduating from college , and dealing with the problems in life . Everything is scary once you graduate , and your parents give you the freedom to go without any more assistance . I think this was a great movie with a great soundtrack and an excellent cast getting their start .
 This film is a `` must see '' for anyone who has passed through their twenties . You do n't have to be a gen x ` er to appreciate it . Life should be like this when you are 20 something . Being 20 something in the 70 's , I can appreciate the `` drugs , sex and rock and roll '' feel of the film . Good character development -- I especially appreciated Hawke 's `` slacker '' character . Well done . I 've known and appreciated many `` slackers '' that are now successful social advocates . On on !
 It 's totally true to life , and funny too . I really recommend it . I saw it last weekend , and now it 's my favorite movie !
 -LSB- Reality Bites -RSB- is the story of four students who graduate and find themselves facing , well , reality . Troy Dyer -LSB- Ethan Hawke -RSB- is an intelligent but shiftless slacker . He plays in a band , but other than that , ca n't hold down a job to save his life . He has a thing for Lelaina Pierce -LSB- Winona Ryder -RSB- but the two fight the inevitable , afraid of commitment , or afraid that their friendship will suffer . Lelaina has a good job at a local TV morning show , but she hates it . She astutely judges it to be insipid , but on top of that , they wo n't give her documentary a chance . She lives with her friend Vickie Miner -LRB- Janeane Garofalo -RRB- who works at The Gap , and is promoted to manager . Her love life is a series of one-night stands that she ends before they can dump her , a pre-emptive strike . She worries that she has AIDS ; meanwhile gay friend Sammy Gray -LRB- Steve Zahn -RRB- does n't have that worry because he is celibate , too uptight about telling his parents to get involved with anyone . Troy , ever the slacker , starts sleeping on Lelaina and Vickie 's couch -- just for a while so he can get a job and pay rent somewhere -- in your dreams.Vickie Miner
 As I would imagine is the case for many post-boomers like myself , this film brings back memories , including those wistful thoughts that there 's nothing wrong with my generation that a savage beating would n't cure .
 This is a very fun movie that is given a boost by the performances , especially Hawke and Garofalo . Not to metion Ben Stiller . The story is essentially a love triangle , between Ryder , Hawke and Stiller , which I feel was a let down . The film forgets about the other characters the last half hour or so . A good film nonetheless .
 This movie rocks afer renting it many times i finally bought it to watch it over and over till i finally know all the lines ... A great story , great actors , and all of us find a little bit of ourselves in Lelaina , `` Troy who ? '' or even Michael .
 Reality Bites is a look at the lives of a group of 20-somethings after they graduate college and begin their lives . Lelaina is valedictorian of her class , but she is stuck in a dead-end job at a tv station . Meanwhile , she makes a documentary of her and her friend 's lives , taking an often very personal look at what each of them is like . Soon she meets Michael , an up and coming businessman who is n't well liked by her friend Troy , a poetic and intelligent man who lacks the motivation to find a real job . What results is a strange love triangle as Lelaina tries to find out who she really is and what she needs.What is really great about this movie is the strong cast that includes Winona Ryder , Ethan Hawke , and Ben Stiller . You can relate to Ryder 's character of Lelaina , trying to find herself in a crazy world that wo n't grant you any favors . I highly recommend this movie .
 Ben Stiller captures the lives of these five generation Xer 's perfectly.This movie is refreshing much to the fact that it is the typical story of the trials and rocky roads of being a young adult in their early twenties . Stiller does not play any of the character 's up to be some type of fantasy , but he is real true to life . This movie really sums up the fact that sometimes ... Reality does Bite .
 Though one main character from the first film has a different actor playing the part , the sequel adds a whole new twist to the first movie 's plot . More eye candy is added and arousal increased over the first film , but the overall entertainment was n't as good as the original . Comedy is in full swing and definitely increased over the original as well !
 `` Eating Out 2
 Wanted to see this only to be told i 'm not allowed because i 'm not american ... since you do n't want my money i 've gone else where
 Kyle recently broke up with his boyfriend Mark , and is whining about it to his best friends/fag hags , Tiffani and Gwen , when he gets a pleasant surprise in their college art class
 Delivers on all counts , well-written , well-acted , etc. . Plus the eye candy is incredible with tonnes of beefcake and male nudity to keep us happy , including the sensational full frontal by Marco Dapper -LRB- make sure you get the unrated version -RRB- . Not to be missed .
 ` Eating Out 2
 Touted as `` the first American gay sequel '' , `` Sloppy Seconds '' achieves the rare trick of sequels -- it surpasses the original . Do n't get me wrong ; the first was enjoyable , yet it did n't quite meet its potential . Their were flaws in the writing , acting & directing . `` Sloppy Seconds '' seems to be a more fully realized production , bringing back the characters Kyle , Gwen & Tiffany in starring status . Blonde hunk Ryan Cairnes is absent this time around , with the role of Marc filled by a brunette hunk and capable actor named Brett Chukerman . The object of desire this time is an unbelievably gorgeous stud named Troy , who is modeling nude for a life drawing class . Marco Dapper is quite the find , beautiful to look at from head to toe . It 's discovered that Troy is sexually ambiguous as he confesses his attractions for both sexes . Upon hearing this , the game 's afoot as Kyle -LRB- the adorable Jim Verraros -RRB- & Tiffany strive to bed the stud . Complicating matters is Kyle 's estranged boyfriend Marc , who plans his own strategy to bag Troy -- by being his gay self . As in the first film , Gwen manipulates Troy into a steamy photo session with Marc , with interesting results.Being a modern screwball comedy like the first film , things spiral out of control as each party screws things up big time with Troy as he discovers their duplicity . Add to this a hilarious subplot about an `` ex-gay '' therapy group on campus -LRB- in which poor Kyle masquerades as a `` reformed '' guy dating Tiffany * ?!? * as part of the plan to get Troy -RRB- and `` Sloppy Seconds '' comes off as a hysterically funny `` Friends '' episode.Helmed by a different director this time -LRB- with Allan Q. Brocka staying on as producer -RRB- , `` Sloppy Seconds '' looks more confident in execution . Deftly directed , with good performances and even sharper dialogue , `` Sloppy Seconds '' is a feast for the ears as well as the eyes -LRB- although the yummy guys in this one ca n't be beat ! -RRB- . And c'mon , guys -- a third movie would be great ! -LRB- Wink wink , nudge nudge ! -RRB-
 A funny comedy of young Americans playing each with other and their surrounding peppered with laugh , sex and easy-going affairs.Entertaining to the edge .
 A friend introduced me to the first Eating Out film a few years ago and I embraced it , although not as much as he did . I liked the film , but it was n't up to par even by independent-gay-comedy standards . I enjoyed it enough , but when I saw that there was a sequel available I was pretty sure it was just cashing in on the first film 's success and would be even worse . By my calculations , this would should have been a terrible film.I wo n't go into total detail with the plot , although it is as crazy as the first film . Kyle and Marc are breaking up . New guy Troy -LRB- a nude model for Kyle 's art class -RRB- is n't sure what orientation he is . Returning from the first film , Tiffani and Gwen convince Kyle he should pretend to be an ex-gay to get Marc in the sack . He goes along with the plot , no matter how unsure , and hilarity ensues . What is better here , though , is the filmmakers have a better hold on what is happening on-screen . I was completely surprised that almost immediately I started cracking up . This is the Empire Strikes Back , Aliens , or Godfather 2 of gay comedies . The script is better , the acting is more confident and assured -LRB- although you can tell Marco Dapper as Troy is a newcomer -RRB- , and the direction moves the story along so well that I was never thinking it should have been more or less . The replacement of Ryan Carnes -LRB- no matter how hot he is -RRB- as Marc is a smart one . The new Marc , played by Brett Chukerman , is better even though I resisted it at first . Over the course of the movie his charm came through . Honestly , the sequel could be a stand alone film as you do n't necessarily need to know the happenings of the first film to get into this one , but it does help.It may not have been a blockbuster , or the best next hit indie film , or the even the next big gay film . But those of us who seek out smart and hilarious entertainment for our homo film collections should pick this one up , no matter your feelings about the original . I loved it from start to finish . It made the first film seem like our own first time
 I really did not like the first Eating Out movie at all . I thought the acting was terrible and the movie just poorly made . But Eating Out 2 is a breath of fresh air and just the type of gay film we need . It is not a message film - not a serious coming out film or a serious aids film . Instead it is a well acted hilarious , fun-filled joy ride.The characters are all so likable and the plot very fun and amusing . Cute guys , sexy scenes - what more can one look for ? The film manages to be very pro gay , pro monogamy and pro sexual expression.I highly recommend this film for any gay person or open minded person just looking for a fun film that will provide lots of healthy laughs .
 I own both Eating Out movies and I loved this one the best . The first one is very sexually charged but this one is both sexy and funny . It 's not often that I enjoy a sequel better than the original . My advice , Buy This Movie !
 This movie is really great and very funny , I can watch it over and over again .
 If you liked the first movie of the series , you 'll enjoy this one even more .
 My title pretty much covers it . Better acting , better storyline , and more laughs . Did n't like the recast of ` Mark ' but the rest of the movie and cast were great .
 I loved this movie ... just as good as the first . I hope there is an othersequel .
 I really enjoyed this movie for so many reasons . The male characters were delicious , and the nude scenes were well worth the price of admission . The females were hilarious , and the teacher ? Well , too funny for words , and soooo typical . I found it a fun frolic and fully lived up to its reviews . Great fun to watch again and again . Only complaint was the last bit . Come on , Troy was so gay ! Give me a break .
 A funny mostly gay also bi and straight fun eat treat . If you like humor and seeing male things on DVD , you will get it . I also checked out more from the director and it was interesting seeing the early works that included one of the starts in this feature . Get it and enjoy it . It is fun to watch more than once , then donate it to your local gay community centre or keep it in your collection like me .
 If you are looking for a good 90 minutes of laughter , this movie will do it . It does n't require lots of thought . You can sit back with your loved one or recent hook up and watch the fun . This is one of those gay flicks that just makes you laugh and not take yourself or any stereotypes too seriously.Enjoy !
 One can only view this with sensual pleasure . There are muscular young bodies to give joy to the eye and verbal jokes a plenty . What 's not to like ? The ending scenes are not only a laugh riot but a warning to those who would try to fit all in a single mold .
 Best of the series . Funny but not over the top like the others . The original was on a tight budget and made it a bit amateur over all . This has better -LRB- not great -RRB- acting and cinematography . If you are slightly interested in the series but have n't seen any , start with this one .
 This first gay sequel and it was a smash ! All the main characters , and actors , returned and continued their roles and continued the characters development . A great laugh . Definately get this one !
 I really enjoyed the first movie , but the second movie was hysterical ! I was disappointed that Ryan Carnes wasnt in the second movie , but the actor that did his role did a wonderful job ! I liked the surprises in the movie . Very well written , directed , and most definately , well acted . Bravo !! Can the guys in this movie be any hotter ? I think not !
 This movie had me in stitches . The actors are realy something to look at and the acting is not bad either . Though the story continues from the first one , you dont loose info you need to watch it . I must warn you though that homosexuality is more than just the main theme in this movie , but if it 's not a touchy subject for you , it 's a great movie to watch with friends.Like I always say
 if you like cheesey comedy you love this one because it is loaded with sex and horney driven people . It was a laugh a minet and one of the male leads is well lets just put it this way puts alot of men to same :-RRB- .
 Silly , sexy , entertaining . A sure-fire smile . And the Tiffany casting change was a perk !! She makes a sassy addition to the featured cast , full of one-liners , But the main attraction here is Marco Dapper ... for sure !!
 I saw this sequel before watching the first Eating Out . Glad I did . This is my favorite film of the trilogy . The first film was so sloppy and amateurish it seemed like a warm up to this superior sequel . Eating Out 2
 Eating Out 2 is slightly better than the previous movie , but thanks only to the actor . Brett Chukerman and Marco Dapper other than being very nice guy , are also quite good . Truth be told , I still ca n't understand why Brett Chuckerman is the image of gay fantasies -LRB- here and also in The Curiosity of Chance -RRB- , I find him more puppy look than sexy wet dream , but maybe it 's only me . Instead Marco Dapper with his role of naive country boy lost in the frat college atmosphere is so cute that it 's quite convincing in his role of hard fought prize . I would n't mind a bit less of trashy scenes , but overall , Eating Out 2 is an enjoyable comedy . Again , I would n't mind to see more developed the relationship between Marc and Kyle .
 I love all 3 -LRB- so far -RRB- Eating Out films . This one is my favorite . It 's very funny and light hearted . It 's also very hot . It 's got a good cast , some terrific jokes and a lot of heart . That sounds cliche ' but it 's true . Just a very fun film . The fact that it 's plain fun is it 's greatest aspect.Disembodied-A short film by Sam MillsDisembodied-A short film by Sam Mills
 I watched the movie because I am a fan of the model turned actor Marco Dapper . I enjoyed this film I thought it was funny , upbeat and witty with great dialogue .
 This dvd will uplift your spirit . Mr. Glusic and his team have done a wonderful job on many levels . Firstly , the images captured on film are breathtaking , especially those sunsets . Secondly , the music is high quality and most appropriate for the images being shown -LRB- no new-age stuff here -RRB- . Thirdly , the narration is informative but not overdone and frequent pauses of just the right length are inserted so that the viewer can enjoy the images without being distracted . All told , this disk is wonderful . The only thing missing was the smell of the flowers ! Highly recommended .
 I will not compare this blu-ray with BBC nature series . But , it is sufficient to say that both photography and music/narration are excellent . 60-minute video covers quite a bit of materials , and showcases beauty of the three islands . The aerial view footages are great . Just want to mention that this blu-ray has no subtitle , but has scene menu as well as audio setup , in case you are curious . The video is actually widescreen -LRB- 1.78:1 -RRB- .
 This is the best nature film of Hawaii that I have ever seen . Theextremely sharp pristine images of volcanic features , palm-linedbeaches , lush tropical foliage and flowers , and towering waterfallscascading over sheer volcanic ridges into deep pools - these are allnothing short of spectacular . In particular , I loved the flying aerialview along dozens of waterfalls in a deep canyon on Kauai . Alsoenchanting are stunning underwater views of coral reefs , Waimea Canyon , Kauai 's Na Pali Coast , and active lava flows from Kilauea on the BigIsland . There are also scenes of whales , birds and native spiders . Youcan choose to listen to a narrative description , or just ambient sounds .
 Right now I 'm playing Hawaii An Island Symphony in the background . I have it set for nature sounds only , no music.There is a gorgeous sunset , waves crashing on the beach , and in the distance it looks as if there may be a storm . The close-ups of the flowers are exquisite ! There are some underwater scenes as well , with schools of fish.The view does n't stay long on any one thing , but long enough . Sometimes the camera seems to just take off and soar from one point to another . Banana trees , then a windy shoreline , then a beautiful rainbow , then on to a rainforest , waterfalls , an active volcano , oozing lava , and then those Bali Hai style mountains , pools , streams , all just as beautiful as I remember.There is a section for the various islands , my favorite being Kauai , where we see the Napoli cost , spouting horn , caves , and clouds/fog clearing to reveal Waimea Canyon and some areas of Kauai not possible to see unless you are in a helicopter .
 60 minutes of great scenery from waves and beaches to inland scenes , waterfalls , flowers , and some interesting air shots . Video quality is good and audio has a choice of natural sounds , narration , or music . I was so satisfied with the natural sounds I wo n't bother with the other two . Only two mild complaints
 This is the best nature film of Hawaii that I have ever seen . Theextremely sharp pristine images of volcanic features , palm-linedbeaches , lush tropical foliage and flowers , and towering waterfallscascading over sheer volcanic ridges into deep pools - these are allnothing short of spectacular . In particular , I loved the flying aerialview along dozens of waterfalls in a deep canyon on Kauai . Alsoenchanting are stunning underwater views of coral reefs , Waimea Canyon , Kauai 's Na Pali Coast , and active lava flows from Kilauea on the BigIsland . There are also scenes of whales , birds and native spiders . Youcan choose to listen to a narrative description , or just ambient sounds .
 This is an exceptional Bluray overall for scenery.This actually works really good as a TEST disc after you 've calibrated video equipment to see how well the calibration looks on real-world content . Most of the scenes -LRB- with only a couple exceptions -RRB- are shot with exceptional contrast , depth , and resolution . It easily rivals some of the best bluray scenery anywhere , and I own a LOT of scenery discs.The ocean scenes are bar-none some of the best ever shot , as well as the lava going into the ocean . Terrain scenes are mostly good as well , with a few that could have been better , but that does n't take away from the excellent shots on this disc .
 Aloha . Great video , I never get tired of looking at Hawaii . An annual vacation destination for my wife and I. Please make a version of this with real HawIian music . . It would be better compliment this DVD . Then I would watch it all the time ! Just my humble opinion . Mahalo
 If you love Hawaii then there 's absolutely no reason you would not love this Blu-ray disc . I 'm trying to move to Hawaii one day and I can watch his every day and know why I want to .
 This will not disappoint from start to finish . The picture quality was excellent although a little soft in a few sequences . The music was very well chosen and better than any &#34; cheezie &#34; Hawaiin music that you see on other productions . The option to select narration , nature sounds , or music was a big plus . I especially enjoyed the lava sequences and the many incredible waterfall shots . A great blind purchase and highly recommended ! Much better than the over-rated &#34; Over Hawaii &#34; !!!
 This is an amazing video , with breathtaking scenery and a beautiful symphonic soundtrack . I live in the pacific northwest and could n't get away for a warm sunny vacation this year , so I ordered this blu-ray . It is exactly what I was looking for
 Hawaii is my favorite holiday destination because of it magnificent natural beauty , its fantastic slack key guitar and ukulele music , and warm-hearted aloha spirit . When I ca n't be there , I can view this beautiful dvd .
 Outstanding photography ! Interesting narration and a choice of musical or natural sounds . Love this DVD and it really makes me want to return to Hawaii !
 We bleeping love this tour of Hawaii . Best I 've ever seen , and beats any DVD I 've bought from Amazon . You will be delighted . Even the music is relaxing and enjoyable . This is great for meditation , scenic wonders and workouts in front of your HD . The standard resolution is plenty good and free if you have Amazon Prime -- everyone should get Prime anyway because it 's a fantastic food deal and you get everything in 2 days.Enjoy !
 I absolutely love video so vivid colorful I felt as tho I was right in hawaii so relaxing great for the winterblues you wont be disappointed
 This Blu-ray DVD provides a wonderful trip to Hawaii , free from the concerns of `` Homeland Security . ''
 When I moved to Vermont a few years ago I did n't think anything would remind me of home . Until I watched this movie . Not only was the film very well done and extremely entertaining but the lovely men who play these woman are awesome as well . It was really nice to get a back story of their individual lives . Whenever there is a charity event or party I know they will be there . This is a great way to show another side of Vermont other than the skiing and leaf peeping . This video should be a staple in every home . Its a great way to show family and friends what 's REALLY going on up here in VT !!
 I thoroughly enjoyed this well done documentary about a unique troup of actors who perform regularly at various events throughout Vermont and beyond . The story is told from the point of view of an outisder who moves to a small Vermont city looking to further his education in a traditional sense , and instead he gets a totally different type of education than he expected - one in tolerance and understanding of lifestyles different than those of his small town Maine conservative upbrining . I recommend this movie to anyone that either knows the troup or has interest in acting , cross-dressing , Vermont culture , great music , or just wants to see a well done documentary on an interesting , unusual topic . Highly recommended .
 I always look forward to seeing the LeMays in Provincetown every year . They are such a fun group at the Carnival Week events , and this film is the icing on the cake ! It is wonderful to learn of their history and their impact on life in Vermont . I never knew how much one group could change a community , and this heartwarming , funny , and joyous tale takes the LeMays from a fringe group to an anchor of the community ! Brava ! Now I want to visit Vermont and see one of their shows up there .
 When I went to the premiere of Slingbacks and Syrup at the Burlington International Film Festival I knew it would be a wild and funny romp . And , Honey , it was ! What I did n't know is what a great story it would be . Intertwined with the wigs , makeup , zingers , and tales of the Hot Damn Trailer Park were truly insightful forays into each of the guy 's lives and personalities . I laughed , I cried , I bought it for everyone for Christmas -LRB- and they loved it , too - even Mom and Dad ! -RRB- . This is really a gem of a movie that does real justice to the uniquely special `` House of LeMay '' and the Vermont community that loves and needs them .
 This proves what a few men and women can do when they put their efforts together . They are mostly men of a certain age who dress up and sing . They have become known all over the northeast and are Provincetown regulars . Hats off to these guys for creating their own celebrations of life and community !
 One of our family 's favorite movies . This is so full of cliches that it is a riot . Everything in it , the bad guys , the Indians , the `` brave soldiers '' are all a spoof on numerous other westerns . One of Conway 's and Knott 's best comedies . I hope that Disney re-releases this on DVD . We love to watch this over whenever life gets down and we need a laugh .
 I thought this was an entertaining movie . It was not one of Disney 's greatest , but it contained some truly amusing scenes . This is a far better film than many that Disney Studios was producing during the decade of the 70s . Some of the scenes were dumb , but lighten up , that 's what makes it so enjoyable and funny . Tim Conway and Don Knotts are hilarious . Have a good laugh .
 This is the sequel of the first movie that was made in 1975 and that was The Apple Dumpling Gang . In 1979 The Apple Dumpling Gangs Rides Again starring Tim Conway as Amos Tucker , Don Knotts as Theodore Olevie and Tim Matheson as Private Jeff Reed . Those two bumbling outlaws Theodore and Amos are broke and down on their luck . So they decide to try to deposit a check in the local bank only to be accused of trying to rob it . While trying to escape they run into legendary Marshall Wooly Bill Hitchcock . With Hitchcock on their trail the two bumbling outlaws decide to enlist in the Army . Enters Private Jeff Reed who trying to figure out whose stealing guns from the Army surplus . After getting in all kinds of trouble Amos and Theodore end up in the stockade . Although they escape this mess , the witless team who could never shoot straight still ca n't seem to succeed in going straight . It 's riotous , raucous fun as THE APPLE DUMPLING GANG RIDES AGAIN ! I saw the first one and I do n't think this was as good . However with Tim Conway and Don Knotts together you ca n't go wrong so I 'm giving this picture 8 weasel stars .
 This is an all time favorite movie ever . I is a clean family orient movie . Not one inapproptiate scene and not one vulgar or curse word is used . It is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen . Highy recommend it to anyone looking for a clean funny movie
 A wonderful kids movie ! I 've loved this movie since the day it was released , and I feel it 's still a cut above the current crop of movies being marketed to kids.Enjoy !
 This is one of the best movie , for grown ups as well as children.My husband does n't like to watch movies.He has watched this one and The Apple Dumpling Gang so many times with me.We love it .
 Classic Tim Conway & Don Knotts humor - very funny . Movie has normal western bar scenes , drinking & violence . However , drinking alcohol is not glorified in the movie -LRB- good thing -RRB- and shows realistic/negative results from drinking . There is no language or using God 's name in vain in the movie -LRB- great thing -RRB- .
 Lighthearted fun with Tim Conway and Don Knotts . A barrel of laughs for those who love comedy .
 WE WERE VERY PLEASED WITH THIS FILM . IT BROUGHT BACK A LOT OF WONDERFULCHILDHOOD MEMORIES THAT MY HUSBAND AND I HAD OF THESE TWO ACTORS.I WOULD SUGGEST THIS MOVIE AS A VERY GOOD FAMILY FILM .
 I live in DVD region 2 . The DVD supplied will only play on a DVD region 1 player .
 Tim Conway and Don Knotts are delightful in this wonderful family film . Its humor is timeless and fun and kids and adults alike will delight in it . No , it 's not an animated spectacular like so many family flicks these days , but it 's a welcome escape from so many of the contemporary films that seem bent on outdoing each other . Its innocent , straightforward humor and loveable characters make it a real classic .
 This is one of the funniest videos that I own ! Tim Conway and Don Knotts are unbelievably funny ! It brings back great memories of when I was growing up and watching it on the Disney Chanel ! I laugh so hard every time I watch this great film ! It 's a great Family film well worth 5 stars
 I like seeing these two guys playing in the same movie you just know your going to have a lot of laughs watching them do a lot of things that will make you laugh
 I saw this movie at the theater years ago and when I saw it here on Amazon , I thought I would buy it and let my grandkids see it . They enjoyed it as much as I did . There is no one funnier than Don Knotts and Tim Conway . This movie will be treasured for years to come .
 What an unsung funny and crazy Disney movie from the past . I purchased this to be able to share with my family and they all Loved it . It is classic Tim Conway comedy with lots and lots of laughs . If you are a Disney fan , this is one to add to your personal collection . Cost and Shipping were great . Thanks .
 Video came fast in good shape . A fun movie for the entire family . Great humor and great acting . You will watch it over and over
 Had been looking for this dvd for sometime . Great to have it arrive -LRB- and early ! -RRB- . This fumbling , bumbling duo feature more in this sequel than in the first movie . This , for me , makes it more enjoyable . Conway 's one liners are always the highlight of the scene .
 This is a good addition to your library . It is funny and for the entire family . It arrived timely . This was a used movie and was in pretty good shape as advertised .
 This is one of my very favorite comedies . The pairing of Don Knotts and Tim Conway is as funny as Laurel & Hardy . I like this even more than their first Apple Dumpling Gang movie . Along with `` Theodore '' and `` Amos '' whom they play , the movie is filled with many colorful characters who make it get funnier and funnier , especially Kenneth Mars as the demented Marshal Woolly Bill Hitchcock , who pursues them relentlessly for a crime they did n't commit . I hardly ever consider something a `` must-see '' , but I would use that description for this movie . You 're really missing out on a lot of laughter if you do n't see it !
 Shipped immediately , arrived only 3 days later . Fast and efficient and the DVD came in just as described in the listing . We ordered this to replace a copy of my mother 's movie that our children had destroyed and this was perfect . would gladly order from them again
 MOVIE REVIEW = 4 starsA slapstick sequel to `` The Apple Dumpling Gang '' from 1975 , -LRB- Tim Conway and Don Knotts -RRB- as Amos and Theodore , the goodhearted bumbling western bandits now want to go straight . Most of the characters from the first movie are gone , most noticiblay the kids . Amos and Theodore arrive in a new town and somehow get accused of robbery when they go to the bank to open an account . In trying to get away from an angry lawman Marshall Hickock -LRB- Kenneth Mars -RRB- , They hide in an army wagon which is heading to the fort so they are forced to join the army but succeed in burning down their own post , Fort Concho . Somebody has been stealing the valuable supplies the troops need . Turns out there is a smuggling ring that stages robberies right from their jail cells in a military prison . They befriend Private Reid -LRB- Tim Matheson -RRB- . and Major Gaskill -LRB- Harry Morgan , strangely he is back in a completely different part than the first movie -RRB- who is being ruined by a crafty underhanded Lieutenant Ravencroft -LRB- Robert Pine -RRB- . The lieutenant is engaged to the Majors daughter -LRB- Elyssa Davalos -RRB- . A lot of funny character actors of the day appear in quick walk on scenes such as - Ruth Buzzi is hilarious as Tough Kate , and Jack Elam as Big Mac , Audrey Totter as Martha , the blind cabin woman . Look for the scene near the end when poor Amos and Theodore are dressed as women to hide in the wagon train , when it gets attacked by Indians . The movie starts a little slow , so give it a chance to get going . You need to take this movie for what it is , it never takes itself seriously and is basically an F-Troop type send-up spoof of other western movies and shows . It is all clean silly fun , suitable for the entire family.TRIVIA & BEHIND THE SCENES
 It 's nice to be able to view films from the past and re live the moment for a great price .
 I cried tears of laughter and my belly ached from the side splitting hilarity while watching Don Knotts , Tim Conway , and Kenneth Mars in this kind hearted Disney story .
 This is a funny video in the traditional ` old Disney ' Don Knotts style . It is not as funny and does not have near as good a plot as `` The Apple Dumpling Game '' . If you can only buy one , buy the first movie . This is old fashioned entertainment that the whole family can watch .
 This is `` The Movie '' of all time , funny , funny , funny , excellent from beginning to end .
 I ordered three movies and they came very fast and were in excellent condition . I order alot of movies from Amazon and enjoy ordering from them alot .
 Cop films tend to come in several varieties , but , for my tastes , they tend to break down into two basic themes
 This has to be THE best euro-crime film of all time . It is directed by Ruggero Deodato -LRB- yes kids , the director of the uber cool Cannibal Holocaust -RRB- . This stars Ray Lovelock and Marc Porel as well as Adolfo Celi in a rare non-villan role.Lovelock and Porel are just as violent and corrupt as the criminals they chase and kill . However , they are smoother and more sophisticated than the scum they track and kill . These two make Dirty Harry Callahan look like Mr. Clean . Great soundtrack composed and sung by star Ray Lovelock . Oh yeah , this has a very intersting opening credits sequence that had me laughing and confused until I watched the special features program . Cool stuff .
 Right from the early , traumatic birthing scene it 's clear this is going to be a very visceral movie . You need wellies just to watch . And , despite this Alien lookalike 's tiny budget , this is a surprisingly effective horror film . Set entirely on the farm of a penniless farmer -LRB- played with typical gauntness by John Lynch -RRB- a deeply claustrophobic grimness pervades throughout . The tension never lets up and the only thing that might have improved this film would have been enough cash to create a decent CGI creature . In fairness though , the animatronics are used to the best possible effect . However , it 's the well-maintained sense of menace that is the primary force behind the film 's success .
 The premise of this movie sounds absolutely ridiculous on paper . So much so , that I do n't want to spell it out for fear of scaring off potential viewers . I 'll just say that it 's a lot more nerve-racking than a movie that revolves around cows should be . The stylish camera work and believable acting help you reach the point you need to be at to dispend belief enough to let the plot unravel . However , the true genius comes in the slow build towards unease and sudden shocks that the average movie would ruin with a heavy orcestral score punctuating the parts where you 're supposed to jump . This is clean and direct , which works wonders . Clever , yet simple , this would be a rare horror gem , if it did n't fall into the tired chase/hide/scream formula in the third act . Any true fans of horror should give this one a shot , If u like `` THE THING '' or `` ALIEN '' style of movies ! B +
 ISOLATION is an excellent , extremely claustrophobic monster movie . All of the action takes place on one remote farm w / only five characters -LRB- 6 if you count the cop -RRB- . A farmer , a vet , a bovine geneticist , and a young couple-on-the-run are slowly emersed into the unknown when a cow fertilization experiment goes awry . The result is a mutant creature that crosses the species barrier , infecting humans w / it 's DNA . I love monsters , and this one 's a beauty ! Hideously deformed , it oozes and creeps its way through the cast , until the final confrontation . More people need to hear about ISOLATION , as it is a fine example of low budget filmmaking . Check it out ...
 I really admire a film like Isolation - it maintains a creepy pace and a dark , dreary setting while very slowly building into a pretty good storyline . Even if the story was terrible -LRB- and it 's not , but I admit it 's nothing special either -RRB- the atmosphere would have been respectable enough to recommend this movie . Everything 's so quiet and eerie , and you know exactly what 's going on because it 's a simple plot to follow ... * this * is how you accomplish horror , folks!Anyway it 's about this mother cow that gives birth to a baby calf in a barn somewhere on these Irish farmlands -LRB- completely tucked away from society no less , making for additional fear -RRB- and we find out that a genetic experiment has gone horribly wrong when testing is done on the calf and certain mysterious things are discovered that do n't make a lick of sense . There 's some realism as well concerning how the farmers are supposed deliver the babies when they get stuck in the womb which is a nice touch.Basically the setting makes this entire movie creepier because you wonder how the people will escape when things go from bad to worse . The answer ? Well , tune in to find out ! Also , expect some pretty graphic headshot deaths occur . This movie has LOTS of blood too . I never did understand the scene with the tractor riding through ... black soil ? Sewer ? What WAS that ? It was a good 5-6 feet high , and a large portion of it too.The Irish accents are sort of strong but for the most part easily understandable , and even though it 's basically another uncontrollable experimental genetics horror flick that we 've seen several times in other films , it 's a pretty good one anyway . Zombie lovers would probably feel satisfied with it .
 We randomly streamed this movie . We had a group of about six people , who were all very frightened by it . It was surprisingly good and I would like to add this to my horror collection . We were dubious when we read the blurb about mutant cows and thought `` how good can this be '' ? Well , it was very well done .
 In the September issue of Fangoria Magazine in the Video Eye of Dr. Cyclops section , Dr. Cyclops gives Isolation 3 1/2 eyeballs out of four and makes this film his video of the month selection and deservedly so . I highly recommend this to horror fans looking for something new.The plot synopsis on the dvd jacket almost made this seem like it could be ridiculous and go over the top and get some laughs , instead the film and director take the material completely serious and actually attempt to scare the viewer with this film.The setting for Isolation is just that an isolated farm in the cold boggy region of Ireland 's countryside . The farm is owned by Dan played by John Lynch who is a no b.s Irishmen that looks a little like an older version of Luke Wilson . For extra money Dan allows scientific fertility experiments to be done on his cows by a doctor and the local vet Mary who we are to assume there is a history between Dan and her . These experiments are obviously not supposed to be taking place so what better place then Dans Isolated farm.Earlier in the day Dan approaches two transients Jamie and Orla who are lovers and who parked there vehicle outside of Dan 's farm , Dan harshly tells them to be out by morning , as nobody is to know what is taking place . However later in the night Dans cow goes into labor and with his phone down he needs to rely on these strangers for help and they do rise up . And Something goes terribly wrong with the calf.In horror films there are a few negatives that can happen with character development either there is n't much therefore when something happens to our victims it is less shocking because we as viewers really do n't care , know them or really like them hence the scares do n't cut deep . Second the film takes most of the movie to develop the characters and the fans looking to be entertained with some carnage and gore get about 20 minutes of that usually at the end . In Isolation we like these characters , they seem totally real and could be any of us , things are implied of the characters but there are no in depth explanations or detailed back stories , the director is confident his viewers can fill that in themselves . So , subtly and slyly we get to know the characters and we care or are shocked if something happens to them , and these are n't well known actors where it 's simply a shock if a movie star get s killed off early it 's a shock because we do n't want them to die.So from the first five minutes we are taken in , as when the veterinarian sticks her hands up the cows canal to check on the test fetus she is bitten by the fetus which we learn later is pregnant itself ! So horror wise we get our gore intertwined with these believable characters which can be attributed to solid acting performances all around.To recap Billy O ' Brian does a fantastic job directing solid talented actors with a sense of urgency and an incredible real feel and good atmosphere . We feel somebody has really messed up and something bad is going to happen and we care . With some scares left to our imagination but no lack of jumps , and blood , and gore . And a actually freaky creature keep an eye nearing the end when Orla is crawling through to find the creature and the figure we see lurking in the dark just ahead of her.The scientist messes with mother nature and the experiment goes terribly wrong , now what is out there on this dark farm ? What would happen if it were to get out ? What happens if you get bit by one of these things ? And What if someone that is bit has sex later on , and seeing it can splice with human dna what would happen to said person if they were to get pregnant and would there baby be normal ? You 'll have to watch and see.Again , highly recommend to horror fans looking for something new to watch .
 As an avid horror movie fan I was curious as to what selection Amazon Prime would have in this department under the free streaming . This is when I came across this little gem.I decided to watch this movie based on other Amazon Members reviews and I can say that I was impressed . It does a fantastic job of building a plot , that although is n't a new concept , it is one that is feasible . The story makes sense and the suspense is built up gradually until a final climax that I found to be a fitting end.Overall , the acting is good and the cinematography contributes to the overall feeling of dread and impending doom of the movie.For horror movie fans I can recommend Isolation
 I 'm so glad I stubbled upon this movie . I love Black Sheep -LRB- the foreign film about ... sheep -RRB- and this movie was right up my alley with a different farm animal . My husband and I started watching it Christmas morning and did n't expect too much . We got half way through it and did n't want to stop watching but had to visit family . We watched the rest that night and it 's now stored with my favorite movies .
 Great acting , great mood and tone and a riveting storyline , `` Isolation '' is a wonderful , dramatic horror from start to finish -LRB- nine out of ten stars -RRB- . Do n't miss this !
 5 stars for the creepy factor!ISOLATION is a gem of a monster movie . The premise sounds incredibly stupid . A pal of mine brought it over , and I was so impressed with it that I am simply still shaking my head in surprise . The entire idea of an experiment gone wrong on cattle is not what one would expect to find on the surface of a great sci-fi/horror monster movie . There are certainly things that could be better about the film . The `` tractor in the water scene '' is absurd . No farmer with ANY experience would do such a thing . However , the movie is successful on a level that has to be seen to be believed . I am a fan of creepy movies . I am not a gore hound by any stretch . I love atmosphere . This film has well done gore , but it really shines in the atmosphere it creates . It really makes you nervous to watch it . That is what I enjoy most . The spine tingles of the setting and the music and the ideas conveyed . This movie has it all . The acting is also superb . Definitely worth a look!NOT FOR KIDS !
 If genetically altered cows are creepy to you then this is nirvana . If you just like a good horror movie then you could do a lot worse than watching this movie . I enjoyed it a lot .
 Isolation -LRB- Billy O'Brien , 2005 -RRB- I just went back and counted , and somehow I have managed to watch fourteen horror movies over the past two weeks . -LRB- And I 'm not counting those that were horrors because they 're so awful . -RRB- Of the pack , I think my favorite of the bunch was Isolation , a low-budget chiller from what 's rapidly becoming one of the new epicenters of indie horror , Ireland . While those who say you 've seen this done before are absolutely right , I 'm not convinced it 's ever been done with the flat-out panache it 's done with here , and it 's certainly never been done with a cast of the caliber rustled up by Billy O'Brien for this flick . -LRB- And I say this as a hardcore X-Files devotee . -RRB- Plot
 Darkly atmospheric , Isolation -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is a chilling horror adventure set on an Irish dairy farm . The setting and events are unusual and obscure , and many of the details of the murky story are not provided , but there is still enough to produce a suspenseful tale.Doctor John -LRB- Crispin Letts -RRB- , of Bovine Genetics Technology is conducting confidential experiments on cows . Dan Riley -LRB- John Lynch -RRB- , is being paid for the use of his farm . Orla Buckley -LRB- Essie Davis -RRB- , a veterinarian also on the doctor 's payroll , is helping to check the progress of the experiments . The particulars are not revealed , but an unexpected genetic mutation has resulted in the presence of strange parasitic creatures in a newborn calf . The fun begins , when one of the creatures gets loose on the farm . Jamie -LRB- Sean Harris -RRB- and his girlfriend Mary -LRB- Ruth Negga -RRB- , a pair of ` knackers ' , transients living in a mobile home just outside the farm , are the final players in an adventure with several unexpected twists.Much is kept under wraps , which leaves you grasping for any solid information about what is happening . The farm is like another world where different rules apply , and the audience is led along -LRB- like a cow -RRB- , as things are revealed . With limited special effects , things play out fairly well , and less turns out to be more , as the creature is mostly kept out of sight until the very end . And once violence erupts , events move very swiftly.The gloomy atmosphere of Isolation is so prevalent , that by the end , you almost feel a little wet and dirty , after watching the characters roll in hay , walk in the rain , wade through mud , and slide in a filthy , dank trough , sprinkled with monster guts . Matters are reduced to the basics , as aside from a small gun used by vets for dispatching animals , they have practically nothing to fight with . Dan is that rare farmer , who has no weapons , and except for the lab , things on the farm appear to be run down , with an apparent lack of decent electrical lighting.The story could have been embellished further , but Isolation is still an edgy , effective thriller . Writer/director Billy O'Brien seems very familiar with farm life , and featuring a calf being drawn out its mother with a pulley , and spinning it to get it to breathe , are nice realistic touches . With an unfamiliar cast , you may not know what to expect , but the performances are quite strong , with mostly natural sounding dialog . Lynch and Letts are very good , while Ruth Negga shows the potential for more mainstream films .
 I 've been a horror fan for years and seen my share of utterly crap horror movies ... and this is ` nt one of them ! Honestly , I knew nothing of this movie , but took a chance , and you know what ? So should you ! It 's that good ... A scary movie needs believeable actors so you can relate and feel for the characters , and I promise you ... you will . The movie is very grafic , but also allows you to use your imagination which often makes movies that more scary ... and it will scare you .
 I went blind into ` Isolation ' . I must 've read reviews on it before since I put it in my wish list , but I did n't remember anything about it . Honestly , I thought it was a Asian black haired horror movie because of the cover of the DVD . Then when I read the back -LRB- after already having ordered it -RRB- , I was quite intrigued , but still thought it was gon na be another ` so-so ' movie.To say the least , I was very surprised with this movie . Talk about a throw back to good horror . First off this movie does n't treat you as a dummy . It assumes you can understand what is going unlike Hollywood who has to explain EVERYTHING nowadays . I absolutely loved that because it makes the movie seem more real , even though it 's a monster movie . Second , the atmosphere was unbelievable . Another great throwback . The setting , the scenery , the lighting ... all reminded me of some old great movies such as The Thing and Alien . I felt cold and wet . I could smell the cow manure . I could sense the feeling of being alone . And then there were the special effects . NO CG THANK GOD . Finally a movie goes back to the way a monster movie should be made . And it looked ever so real . The gore that was used was nicely and realistically done . The characters themselves were great also . Once again the movie does n't tell you everything . And you know what , this is a horror/monster movie . Not a drama . I do n't need to be told exactly what 's going on these peoples lives . Just a little history and I 'm good . And that 's what is done here . We have our farmer -LRB- we find out that he used to be with the vet -RRB- , our vet -LRB- who works for the scientist and MIGHT be involved with him -RRB- , the scientist -LRB- who is crazy , or mad , or a genius -RRB- , and two lovers -LRB- an interracial couple whose on the run from the girls brothers because her family does n't like the guy -RRB- . And last but not least , we have the story . Not only is the story good , but the pacing of it is great . It , once again , reminds me a lot of older classics , and I ca n't help but , once again , think of ` The Thing ' and ` Alien ' . The reason why is because the pacing is slow , but not slow enough to bore you . They throw in certain things to keep your interest up and running . The movie does n't just rush into it 's monster . It takes its time with it . I love the fact that we are pretty much thrown into the middle of what 's going on . The scientist has already done what he has done to the farmers cow , whether it was genetic engineering , or maybe cloning , I 'm not sure , and I 'm FINE with that . I do n't care , because it was still interesting and left my mind wandering . The cow is close to giving birth already and the vet is there to check on her . She shoves her hand in the cow -LRB- I seriously could n't tell if this was real or fake , and if it was real , wow ... that actress really wanted that part . . lol -RRB- , and checks on the calf , only to get bitten . When the calf is born , you can tell there is something wrong with it right away . But there is even something more wrong with it than expected.Was the movie perfect ? Nah . Not really . There were a couple things that made me wonder why the heck would they do that -LRB- like the tractor scene in the water -RRB- . But most of the movie was really well done . I thought the monster was interesting . You do see it , but not that great , and it looks weird . It was n't very scary , yet at the same time it was . Mainly cause you know what it could do to you . And if I could change ONE thing about this movie , it would be how it ended . I wont ruin it for you , but I think they should 've ended it where this one person was walking off ... close scene ... credits roll . We know what is going to happen after that because we are smart enough to know . The whole time in this movie you assumed this . Why give us a Hollywood ending where they have to tell you what 's up ... heh . But it does n't ruin the movie , it 's just that I did n't need it in there.I highly recommend this movie . I also highly recommend you watch this at night and in the dark . And if it 's raining outside , that would be even better .
 Something has gone horribly wrong at the farm . Some shady scientists perform some fertility tests on a cow . And there are some disastrous results , to say the least.Isolation is a unique , terifying little gem . I am very suprised this is relatively unknown . Everything is done exceptionally well -- acting , pacing , script , effects -- it all adds up to an entertaining , frightful good time for any serious horror fan . -LRB- You popcorn horror fans stay away -RRB- 4.5 stars
 As a previous reviewer has mentioned , there have been some pretty good offerings in the horror genre from Britain -LSB- The Descent -RSB- and yes , Ireland recently and Isolation is definitely worth a watch . The setting is a rural farm somewhere in Ireland I presume , and the cast of characters -LSB- human that is -RSB- is made up of Farmer Dan , a female vet , a scientist , and a young couple , Jamie and Mary -LSB- who are on the run from Mary 's disapproving brothers -RSB- . The premise
 `` Isolation '' is one of the most riveting and frightening horror movies of the year , and one that retains a very real , believable air to it as it changes in tone from a kind of ` quiet ' horror to a faster-paced , more apocalyptic tone . With movies like this one , it 's hard to know how much to say
 No mad killers ! No crazy scientists ! No demons rising from Hell ! What were they thinking ? This is a nice film that has some common folk trying to deal with something they do n't understand and ca n't control . They react well to the situation . When I say well , I mean they react the way you might expect people to react . They are scared and confused . They are not a bunch of McGivers who come up with brilliant solutions . The scenario is science fiction with some kind of creature replicating itself inside cows and passing their off spring on to human hosts . In a way it does kind of become kind of standard fare in the last half hour of the film when they have to come to grips with the creature , but for the most part the focus of this film is the tension the various characters feel . There also is a spirit of humanity overcoming prejudices here , as not everyone welcomes the squatters who play a big part in the movie . The scene where the local constable advises the farmer to send the visiting couple on their way is very well done . The constable is obviously reflecting the prejudice of the locals and it seems cruel , but he does it so naturally that it almost seems right . His hate is in the right place if that makes any sense . Then there is tolerance on the part of the farmer and acceptance and then cooperation . This film works on a couple different levels , but most of all it works as just a dark , creepy horror flick that is very well done without big budget special effects . I would recommend a viewing of this to anyone .
 `` Isolation '' has one of the more unusual hooks for a horror film you are ever likely to see . Dan -LRB- John Lynch -RRB- is running a remote -LRB- one might even say isolated -RRB- farm out in the Irish countryside , and he is worried about one of his cows that is about to give birth . So he calls up the town veterinarian , Orla -LRB- Essie Davis -RRB- , who checks on the fetus by putting her arm , up to the elbow , into the cow . Then she gets bit , are first clear sign that something is not right on Dan 's farm . It turns out that in an effort to make ends meet Dan has allowed his cattle to be part of a research project that wants to increase fertility and beef production as well . Just as it starts to look like the project is going to produce results , the cows gives birth to an unusual calf . For starters , the calf is born pregnant , and if you are suddenly reminded of the Tribbles from `` Star Trek , '' you will not be alone , but you will be on the wrong track.The risk is not just mutant monsters , but the threat of contagion , which at least resonates with memories of the threat of Mad Cow disease . Joinging the farmer and the vet are a geneticist , John -LRB- Marcel Iures -RRB- who gets to provide necessary explanations and explosition -LRB- plus being the most obvious victim for the beasties -RRB- , and a young couple , Mary -LRB- Ruth Negga -RRB- and Jamie -LRB- Sean Harris -RRB- , who are avoiding their parents by hiding out on Dan 's farm . Now squatting will be the least of their problems since fooling around with Mother Nature always has disastrous results in horror movies.The upside of this film is that director Billy O'Brien knows how to film a horror movie and to take advantage of the dark and dirty farm setting . The opening sequences does a nice job of setting the mood , which matters because this is a movie about killer cows . The downside of this film is that in the last half it is basically `` Alien '' with cows , not that there is anything wrong with that -LRB- Although my mind immediately went to theHoward The Duckstory , `` Hellcow , '' that appeared in `` Giant-Size Man-Thing '' # 5 , which involved a bovine vampire , complete with the cape -RRB- . But as the movie goes along and gets less original and more derivative , it becomes less effective . I ended up rounding up on this DVD because it includes an earlier short work by O'Brien , `` The Tale of the Rat That Wrote . '' Do not attempt to connect the dots begween this short and the featured film , just enjoy this DVD bonus .
 The United Kingdom is evidently doing something right when it comes to horror . Over the past few years the UK has produced some terrific scare fests including the recent WILDERNESS and the international hit THE DESCENT ; Isolation proves to be no exception . A taut well crafted horror thriller , the story is small , intriguing , and taughtly paced , the atmosphere rich , and palpable . Genetic mutation movies are n't really my thing ; I 'm not rabid about Sci-Fi or `` mad scientist playing with nature '' themes . However , Isolation balances these elements with an interesting blend of horror and human nature , is well filmed , and does quite a bit out of very little . The film is n't broad , does n't flesh out it 's characters a great deal nor bother to explain many things . Nonetheless , its riveting and manages to truly invoke a feeling of dread and yes , isolation .
 Genetic experiments on an Irish farm unleash a vicious , mutant calf . Incredibly tense , bleak , scary and gruesome tale that transcends it 's B-movie premise.Isolation
 One of the better sci-fi/horror films I have seen in a while . The pacing was pitch perfect , and the acting was top notch . A must see for fans of sci-fi , horror , or X-files geeks .
 I 'll start this review by disclaiming that I own the 2002 and 2003 DVDs as well.This DVD is worth purchasing if you are a fan of the previous Warped Tour DVDs . There is nothing ground breaking in this one however the Killswitch Engage live performances make this worth getting.Theres a whole list of additional live songs in the `` extras '' section apart from the main content.I would recommend this DVD to anyone who is a fan of Killswitch Engage , Bad Religion , Coheed & Cambria , and Pennywise .
 I was pleased with the characters , the story line , and almost everything . If I had to mention negatives about this movie I would say I did not approve of the early beginning because it gave a false impression that the rest of the movie would be boring . I did not like the ending too much because I wanted to know what would happen to the baby -LRB- without giving too much away -RRB- . I also wanted to know more about Ray 's brother besides the fact that he had a temper and seemed to be bisexual . Overall great movie -LRB- oddly enough I actually could relate to it in some ways -RRB- .
 Mad TV is funny , funny , funny . I watch it again and again , and wait a few weeks and watch it again to see something different . Coach Hines , and Stephen or Steve are funnny . What can I say ? I like the sketches , but what is the best is that I can watch them over again and find something I missed . funny .
 `` Circus Maximus '' is a straight to DVD feature written , produced , and directed by rising New York City Independent film director Thomas J. LaSorsa or better known as `` Tommy '' . Tommy is the same writer/director who brought us the movie `` All Saints Day '' which is now often confused with the subtitle for `` The Boondock Saints II
 My husband and I watched this last night , and thought it was great . It 's from Norway , and so is subtitled . I think that Norway has one of highest standards of living in the world , but you would n't know it from the people and scenery in this movie . There are some sporadic bursts of violence , but nothing extreme -LRB- except one part where I cringed -RRB- , but it 's pretty mild . The humor is dry ; we thought it was very funny , and did n't feel like it dragged at all.The sex was ... I 'm not sure what to say ; it was n't offensive , was n't violent , was NOT for kids . It 's European which does n't think sex and nudity is as big a deal as us Americans do . Mostly , my mouth dropped a few times and then I laughed , but I would n't say that the sex scenes were meant to be arousing.I 'd rate this 5-stars for several reasons
 `` And when I awoke , I was alone , this bird had flownSo I lit a fire , is n't it good , norwegian wood . ' The BeatlesI am such a fan of Stellan Skarsgard . His role in ` Insomnia ' cemented my regard for his acting . Now , here he is in this tragicomedy . The film can be ho hum at times , but it has its moments!We first meet Ulrik , played by Skarsgard , as he is leaving a Norwegian prison after serving 12 years for murder . It seems he was so well liked that as he was leaving , the guards gave him a bottle of liquor and some advice . The film is well titled , Ulrik is mild mannered and is given to saying ` yes ' to almost everyone he meets . An old friend in crime , Jensen , and his sidekick , Rolf , meet him at a diner on his first day as a free man . Jensen has a place for him to live , a cellar of some sort with a mean looking woman as his landlady . He has a job as a mechanic and he settles in . Jensen also has a job for Ulrik that requires violence . Ulrik has a pile of money to pay back to Jensen for supporting his wife and son while he was else-wise occupied . He settles in , and goes to meet his son , who is married and has not told his pregnant wife about dad . After all her family is into nurseries and not murder . They are not those kind of people . Uncomfortable situation and Ulrik realizes this may take time . As the film proceeds he has dalliances with several women , and sex with Ulrik , well , let 's just say , not much imagination and reflects his mild manner.The film is very funny at times , and then it seems forced and repetitive . The acting is superb , and the actors wore little if any make-up . A reality show in the making . Fitting into the mild mannered mode , Ulrik has long , thin , stringy hair tied in a pony tail . He is tall and thin . Some women think he is a good find . Appearances aside , Ulrik is a gracious man to everyone , and this makes him increasingly endearing . He wears a slight grin at times and accepts the sudden and unusual . His relationships are simple and on the surface . He comes to the assistance of a co-worker who is being beaten , but at the same time we wonder if he has really changed his stripes . The ending is magnificent and unexpected . I liked Ulrik enough that I want to know where Ulrik goes from here.Recommended . prisrob 05-04-11Insomnia - Criterion Collection -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B003VE9WOC Arn
 I am a fan of Stellan Skarsgard and that 's the only reason that I decided to give this a shot . It was an enjoyable movie and I was pleasantly surprised as I did n't know what to expect . The humor in this is not over-the top but it is subtle and makes for an entertaining movie . Throw in a little drama and interesting tidbits and you have a great movie which is what this is . I definately recommend watching and or buying .
 This excellent Norwegian film with English subtitles is touted to be `` one of the funniest movies , '' but it really is n't , in my view , a movie designed only to be funny . It has sad and sober parts , and properly so . Ulrik , an ex-convict , released from prison after a term of twelve years for murder , wants to be left alone . He seems a brooding man for virtually the entire film , seldom smiling . Numerous things go wrong for him during most of the film . He is released early and is not met by his buddies , fellow gang members who want him to kill the man who squealed on him . The gang head keeps telling him that Ulrik owes him ; after all , he gave money to Ulrik 's ex-wife and son during the twelve years that Ulrick was in prison . But did he ? The gang leader takes Ulrick to a terrible place to live . He is introduced to an unattractive , overweight landlady , who will be making demands on Ulrick . He is taken to a shop to work as a mechanic where the owner warns him not to make out with the secretary.This boss speaks with rapid speed , and delivers what he wants to say as if he were delivering a sermon , thereby adding to the humor of the story . Humor is also added by what happens to Ulrick and several women who offer him sex and how the sex act is done , and the reactions of both parties , and the jealousy that is created.Viewers will find it interesting to see whether Ulrick decides to take revenge and how he reacts to the various pressures placed upon him .
 Stellan Skarsgard delivers a masterful , understated performance as an ex-con desperately trying to stay an ex-con while attempting to connect with his son and his expecting daughter-in-law -LRB- who was told he had died , not that he was in prison -RRB- . The supporting cast fills out the movie with grounded , believable , often off-kilter characters and much of the film has a wry sense of humor to it .
 Stellan Skarsgard is the best !!!!! I 'm going to make this movie part of my permanent collection . Great lighting , story line and cinematography as well . Reminds me of a Coen brothers film . 5 stars for this one .
 This is a deep Nordic drama , but not the kind that is full of symbolism and hard to understand metaphors . It 's a simple tale , often told in many American movies , about the ex-con who gets rejected by society once he is out of prison and pushed back into crime.What is beautiful to see in this case is how that story is told in a very simple , understated way , in a very Scandinavian style . The actors look natural , more natural than in a `` reality show '' -LRB- those do n't look real anyway ! -RRB- . All deliver great performances.Although the style is understated , the story keeps you interested , rooting for the main character . Will he be able to gain independence from the pressures everyone around him put on him ? Ultimately , it 's a celebration of life and how you can find fulfillment in small things , without needing to `` make a splash '' . It is also quite a lesson on Scandinavian culture.If you 're looking from something different from your usual Hollywood productions , this is a nice change of pace.P.S .
 Let 's just call it what it is , most modern movies are basically pornographic because we 've become desensitized and do n't value sex anymore . That said , this is a great little movie and at least shows the consequences of promiscuous sex , unlike most American films which glorify it .
 The obvious approach for a film about THE DONNER PARTY , one of the most infamous stories of deadly misadventure in American history , would be horror . But in T.J. Martin 's THE DONNER PARTY , the historic event gets a well deserved dramatic approach that makes it all the more unsettling . Like most dramatic retellings , the ultimate end is known , but the journey , quite literally in this case , is more important than the end result . Martin 's screenplay is a thriller focusing on the psychological ordeal of starvation and extreme weather . Martin takes liberties creating dramatic tension between members of the party , but otherwise the story is painstakingly accurate . Film at the actual Donner Pass in only 12 days , the stark beauty of a seemingly tranquil winter forest is countered with the increasing desperation only those on the brink of survival can feel . Personal conflicts are barely kept in check , and facades slowly start to wear the longer the party goes without provisions . It seems everyone has the eyes of a villain , and is trying to figure out who might turn on the rest . It 's an impressive feat considering most of the action is either walking , or sitting around a fire , requiring the actors to emote their desperation with gravitas . The cannibalism is not glorified ; everyone conveys a mixture of disgust and desperation in the few scenes where flesh is eaten . While the entire cast does a respectable job , and Crispin Glover is refreshingly cast against type , the standout performance is by Mark Boone , Jr. . Boone -LRB- BATMAN BEGINS , MEMENTO -RRB- is usually typecast as a thug . But in THE DONNER PARTY he is the moral compass of the story , and does it well . In a pivotal moment , with very few words and tight camera work , Boone steals the movie .
 I ca n't assess the historical accuracy , but the acting is mostly pretty strong . The environment and situation are harrowing , to say the least ; the snow and the hunger will make you feel cold and famished as you watch the film . This is a good depiction of the desperate measures that people will resort to when they have no other recourse . Crispin Glover practically becomes a human vulture , waiting for the next person to fall sick and die since he knows what he can do with the body and is determined to get to California and back to some semblance of civilization.The fellow playing William Eddy is quite good as well .
 Although this is not 100 % accurate in detail , the tragedy of the snow shoers who walked across the Sierras to Sutter 's Fort in 1847 is well depicted . This off-shoot party runs out of food rather quickly and survives on eating dead bodies of their fellow trekkers who succumb to the blistering mountain cold climate.I 've read an account of what these poor people went through ... grabbing mountain brush to pull themselves up over the steep peaks , withstanding blizzards that snowed as much as four feet overnight , some of them manage to make it.The essence of the pain and suffering is captured in this movie , and if that was its sole purpose , it succeeded.It 's very realistic yet respectful of these tragic pioneers ... incredibly brave , and also ill prepared for the mountains in winter . If you 've ever been by Donner Lake or Truckee during the winter , well , at times it can be brutal . I 'd have died after a day or two . These hardy emigrants certainly deserve great recognition for their courage and desire to settle California.I 'm a fan of real life drama ... so this was a treat , but it DID make my stomach churn a bit , and I found my eyes watering as LOVED ONES passed on in the coldest nights . I 'd have been a total wreck out on the trail in those frozen forests .
 My only complaint about `` The Donner Party '' is that is not large enough in scope . It 's only a snapshot of that nightmarish winter , but wow what a snapshot it is . If you are a Crispin Glover fan thinking this is some weird gore-fest , forget about it . This is a -LRB- not exactly , ha -RRB- historical retelling of the Forlorn Hope party that set out in a pathetic attempt to rescue the ruined remains of the westward immigrant farmers from Ohio who had a really , really bad time of their journey.It 's an amazing achievement . You will forget Crispin Glover is in this movie , as he disappears into his role as William Foster . The rest of the cast is just fantastic and I expect great things will come to them . Mr. Eddy , I do n't know your name in real life , but you should go slap Brad Pitt and show him how it 's done.Yeah , I was a little annoyed at the abrupt and historically incorrect ending , but seriously , who cares ? This was a movie than needed to be made , and it has been made extremely well.Thanks to all involved .
 I really enjoyed this movie . It dramatizes a doomed winter journey over the Sierra Nevadas as a group of settlers look to reach the safety and warmth of California . Based on a true story , `` The Donner Party '' successfully depicts the hopelessness and desperation caused by the tremendous obstacles these people faced . This character based film stars Crispin Glover who delivers a terrificly subdued intensity as the party leader . I 'm a big fan and it was nice to see him again ! The up close life and death struggle depicted is contrasted by some beautiful terrain shots which creates a nice balance in the film . A very believable world was created on camera and this story will suck you in . I have read the reviews from the history buffs , the vocal minority who oppose the dramatization of these events and I do n't agree . This is n't a documentary , it 's a `` based on ... '' movie and it captures a essence of a fascinating story set in a period of american history that is seldom depicted in modern movies . Watch this film !
 Simple film of an event most recognize by name but know little about ... The intesity of the acting draws you in & makes the film - No frills but a shining hope for the acting art .
 I bought this movie mostley because I read a book about the Donner Party experience . This is a great movie if you are into movies based on actual events . However , the director took creative liberties with the actual events . But overall , I did enjoy it , and it is a nice addition to my DVD collection .
 This movie is about a final , desperate attempt by OTHER members of the Donner Party to try to cross Donner Pass close to the summit of the Sierra Nevade range in the tough winter of 1846/47 . It 's not about The Donner Family or the entire journey of the Donner / Reed wagon train ... or the Oregon/CA trail leading up to starting from Springsfield , Ill. . It 's a good , well acted movie starring Crispin Glover , among others . A better title would have been `` The Snow Shoe Party '' which represents the last ditch attempts by 15 starving volunteers of the Breen/Murphy/Graves folks at the eastern end of the lake site . Apparently the term of the `` Forlorn Hope '' was NOT what they called themselves but is a fictional title given to them by an author many years after the event . If you are interested in the history of the Donner Party ... I recommend the 1992 Ric Burns PBS `` American Experience '' documentary . It 's so well done I watch it over and over ... even though it too has it 's flaws.I 'm not a fan of Made for TV movies -LRB- this movie is NOT one ... I think ? Straight to DVD maybe ? -RRB- But if someone like HBO can give this story the treatment they gave `` Band of Brothers '' and start the story from the beginning ... in Springfield , Ill all they way through the entire event ... now that would be special ! Why ? because when you read books like `` Ordeal By Hunger '' you come to realize that the Donner Party suffered through so much way BEFORE they even reached the Tahoe area .
 i have watched this movie time and time again , i love real life movies and this one just shows how we as people could get in a terrible situation and have to make the unthinkable decision to consume the impossibel , but it also shows the love of one that will kill for their loved one .
 DVD arrived loose in case but had minimal scratches . DVD plays well with no interruptions and the story line is n't all that bad either .
 I got on a J.P. Allen kick and rented all his films . This one 's a good drama with decent production value . The acting 's pretty good . It held my interest .
 A thoughtful independent film about a man -LRB- JP Allen , the writer and director -RRB- who 's lost his girlfriend late one night in Vegas.As the security officer for the casino interrogates him , he flashes back on his relationship with her - and with other women he 's known . The film is thoughtfully composed and fairly formalist in tone -LRB- though not so much as to detract from the progression of the story -RRB- . It slowly reveals this man 's psyche , both in how he deals with women , communicates with them -LRB- not too well -RRB- , and his increasingly obvious gambling habit that may depend upon or inform his subsequent actions . The girl is n't the only thing he may lose tonight.Taking place over the course of a couple of hours late one night in a Vegas hotel , `` Gambling '' is a psychological piece that is well written -LRB- almost too written in that is is very `` writerly '' which is n't a terrible thing -RRB- , and not really driven by the mystery as much as you might expect . Rather , it 's a study of character and of place -LRB- physical and mental -RRB- . There 's some mileage gotten out of possible foul play the girl might have encountered , but the movie 's heart ultimately is n't in this particular tack . Likewise a gigantic bet that may or may not be placed.The film does n't suddenly reveal any surprises , explaining what makes these people tick . It does n't `` cheat '' that way . Instead it merely observes them , apparently stuck in habits , in this point in their lives . There 's a well-done fascination in this well-observed piece.For what it does the pace is perfect . Nicely acted and it looks good -LRB- shot on various gauges of film , a nice change of pace from most low-budget indies these days -RRB- . At 89 minutes a very confident and small character study , a couple in Vegas , following -LRB- and victims of -RRB- fate , not for any reasons except that that 's the way they are and that it is . And in a way , that 's a more tragic fate than what befalls them - foul play , lost bets , whatever .
 Brings me back to the nineties thats for sure . I remember renting this movie every single weekend . I wish you could buy it on dvd .
 This is an epic 80 's movie - an unheard of cult classic , complete with its own 80 's surfer lingo comparative to that of Heather 's ...
 Crazy good movie loved it ca n't wait for more from this production companyLove it love it love it love it
 I liked the local area shots in this movie.It was indeed foul and pushed the envelope a bit too far at the one scene ! YUCK!The story is a love story and the movie wraps up all the loose ends.I enjoyed this movie .
 I saw this movie at a screening , and laughed so hard my sides hurt by the end of the show . There were parts that I was crying so hard I am not sure I actually saw the movie . This will defintely become the next cult film . Hangover move over .
 The movie was highly inappropriate and modestly offensive , with that being said I have n't laughed harder in years . Do yourself a favor and see this shocking comedy .
 Great movie ! Very entertaining . Being from the Philadelphia area , I knew almost every location in the movie from Atlantic City to Philadelphia .
 If you are looking for that one of a kind movie that makes your stomach hurt from laughing while you are crying , this is the movie to see . I do n't think there was one person in the theater with a dry eye . Hysterical !! It 's definitely worth seeing !!
 This movie is smartly foul , hilariously disgusting and hugely laugh-out-loud funny . I WOULD show my mother this . Maybe not my grandmother , but definitely my mother .
 Since it 's release in 1972 this film has fallen by the cinema wayside , being lumped into the blaxploitation genre - a purgatory from which it needs to be rescued . Labeling this film has limited its audience appeal in the thirty years that have followed , but those of us who were fascinated with it then remain so now . `` Across 110th Street '' is sparked by the kind of gritty and incisive urban realism that blaxploitation films are missing . It 's production values are an immediate tipoff that you are watching a first-rate movie . The competent , skillful direction by Barry Shear ; a superb story that hardly takes a breath ; great Harlem location shooting adds authenticity that makes it feel almost quasi-documentary . It 's also highlighted by a great cast of veteran A-list movie stars , B-movie regulars and a few performers getting their first chance in a meaningful role . Anthony Quinn , one of the films ' executive producers , plays a brutal , insensitive police detective with a streak of racism . Anthony Franciosa plays a cruel and ruthless Italian mobster tracking down his stolen money . Richard Ward plays a raspy voiced Harlem crime kingpin that Quinn tries to pressure ; Ward will be recognizable to film buffs as a prisoner in the film `` Brubaker '' playing the pivotal role of Abraham . Paul Benjamin , the leader of the trio of thieves , appeared in the crucial role of the con ` English ' in the terrific prison drama `` Escape From Alcatraz '' . Antonio Fargas creates another of his patented colorful , hip characters as one of the thieves . And finally , Yaphet Kotto gets his first significant film role playing the no-nonsense , by-the-book , newly assigned lieutenant who is refreshingly free of vulgarity - although he will steal a truck when he needs to!Period detail keeps this film stuck squarely in the 70 's which is one of it 's strengths . The pulsating music score by Bobby Womack and J.J. Johnson perfectly matches the films moments of tension and transitional scenes . Womack 's catchy title song is another plus.MGM has released this as part of it 's ` Soul Cinema ' DVD collection in Widescreen format - that 's with the black bars on the top and bottom of the screen for those who do n't know - and it 's a great transfer . Pair this movie with `` The French Connection '' for a great double feature .
 Not a blaxploitation movie at all , this film is a smart , sharp , tough black crime drama that pulls no punches , and because of that is still remarkably fresh today after 30 years . Made in 1972 , it features an early performance by Yaphet Kotto as a by the book black police lieutenant who has to work with a crude , unruly white captain -- Anthony Quinn in a very strong performance.They 're after some black hoods who slaughtered five men -- three whites and two blacks -- in a holdup that netted 300 grand . The getaway driver is played by Starsky and Hutch 's Antonio Fargas and is just one of the several excellent performances that give this film real power.Another is turned in by Tony Franciosa playing a Mafia lieutenant who finds out about the hit and , with his henchmen , goes after the hoods . In one of many violent scenes , he finds Fargas ' character and slices and dices him in a Harlem whorehouse.The dialogue here is much more intelligent than in many dumber films and is another reason this is a real winner . When somebody talks -- cop , hood , Mafioso , junkie , girlfriend -- it 's natural , real , uncontrived , and completely credible . You understand who these characters are and you get involved because they 're not shooting bull -- they 're telling it like it is.The mix of this down to the bone talk and '70s dress and behavior makes this a tremendously entertaining film . The inclusion of violence is not gratuitous at all ; it 's an integral part of what happens -- and what has to happen , given the circumstances.Highly recommended for fans of crime drama .
 This is one of my favorite `` Urban Action/Suspense '' films ... 110th Street is the invisible line after Central Park that divides `` us '' from `` them '' in this film . The whites and the mob , and the blacks and Harlem . - - Its tempting to call it Blaxploitation , but the film with its images of despair , people trying to make it and the turbulent relationship between an idealistic black cop and the old , street wise white cop on the take , both out to find out what the mob is doing in Harlem -LRB- while the mob is out to find money stolen from them by whatever means necessary -RRB- is so message based and realistic , and some of the scenes are so memorable -LRB- great acting by Yaphet Koto , Anthony Quinn and the entire cast , excellent shooting , great soundtrack by Bobby Womack and J.J. Johnson -RRB- its hard to classify it as such . There is incredible depth between the charactors , and its not merely `` the man '' vs. the community . Everyone is trying to make it doing whatever they have to do to survive -LRB- as Womack states in teh theme music . -RRB- Anthony Quinn 's charactor , on the take from the mob for the years is forced to bite the hand that feeds him , and realizes he 's growing old and part of a dying breed as he struggles to survive and reconsider his loyalties , attitudes and allegences . Meanwhile , everyone is out to find the missing money and prevent a war . The film is suspenseful , long and engaging ... the ending , to be quite honest bleak and depressing , yet it will warent repeated viewing ... hence I reccomend buying not renting it ... afterwords , check out `` Cornbread Earl and Me '' and `` Cotton Comes to Harlem '' . - - Does anyone remember the name of the film shot in that era about the Afro-American boy who falls in love with the Spanish girl , and that has an appearence by Jose Feliciano ?
 This violent little gem ranks right up there with `` The French Connection '' in the pantheon of early 70s urban crime thrillers . Smartly edited , paced like an out of control freight train , and with fabulous location work that bellows authenticity , `` Across 110th Street '' deserves a far bigger cult . Stir in Anthony Quinn 's inimitable basset hound charm , Yaphet Kotto 's steely cool , Anthony Franciosa 's reptilian sneer and the raspy voiced dude from Brubaker and you have a combustble confection that belongs in the collection of every discerning action movie fan . Oh , I almost forgot to mention Antonio Fargas ' so-cool-it-hurts supernova wardrobe and the bleak poetry of the final shootout , including a freeze frame ending that will stay with you for days . Aces all around .
 I 'm a big fan of so-called blaxploitation flicks . The combinaton of high camp , low budget , charismatic actors in over the top farcical roles , the slice of 1970s stereotype , all add up to terrific entertainment . what I was really surprised at watching Across 110th Street is that cheap -LRB- and plentiful -RRB- gore notwithstanding this film is a work of art . Sure blaxploitation stallwarts like Antonio Fargas and Yaphet Koto are here . Sure there are cartoonishly racist white cops , racist Italian mobsters , parasitically pimpin ' black criminals , longsuffering and abused black women , just like most of these flicks . But there is also a real sense of drama here . The timing and camera work , the characterization and detail , are all a step above the standard . The acting is generally witty and convincing . Makes me wish I knew more about this film and where it fit in the development of the genre.It gets only 4 stars because the DVD lacks special features . A commentary track would have been great .
 ACROSS 110th STREET sad to say , was lumped in the blaxpop genre and was denounced for it 's violent content . Wrong on both counts
 Bobby Womack 's awesome theme song opens the film as we get some overhead shots of gritty parts of Manhattan , circa 1972 . 110th Street is the boundary between Harlem and Central Park ; interestingly enough , the word `` Harlem '' is rarely , if ever uttered in this straightforward , very visceral and serious urban drama , commonly considered `` blaxploitation '' but really , apart from a couple of scenes , belonging to a different world of intent than something like SHAFT or THE MACK altogether.Five guys in a room , making a deal . Lots of money in a briefcase . But into the scene burst a couple of New York 's finest - or are they ? Somebody reaches for a gun when he should know better , and before long seven men , black and white , including two real cops are dead . The $ 300,000 is missing , and wanted by the mobsters it belonged to ; and the three black men responsible are wanted by the real police . Anthony Quinn is Captain Mattelli , 55 and not wanting to retire but feeling pushed , especially when he 's replaced as the leader of this investigation by the younger and less senior African-American Lt. Pope -LRB- Yaphet Kotto -RRB- for obviously political reasons . Mattelli being more-or-less a good cop who knows when to follow orders does n't put up TOO much of a fuss though he does n't much like Pope and the feeling is mutual . They have no leads at first , until they find the getaway car , but there 's a snitch in the department , and soon the mob starts to learn something about the three men who stole the money as well.Henry J Jackson - flamboyant , loud and flashy and played not surprisingly by Antonio Fargas , who specialized in the fey pimp and pusher roles - is the first to be found , and punished , by the mob 's chief enforcer , Nick -LRB- Anthony Franciosa -RRB- . Nick is clearly very racist and seems to take special enjoyment out of hurting black men - though he 's backed up by black bodyguards . And the main leader in the Harlem territory is , not surprisingly , also black - Doc Johnson -LRB- Richard Ward -RRB- , a man with a very deep and smooth voice and a cultivated demeaner who stands in real contrast to the sharp-dressing but clearly brutal and streetwise Nick . This is one of many parallels between the mob and the cops as well - on both sides of the field , white leaders are afraid of being upstaged by black upstarts , though in the case of Mattelli and Pope 's relationship there 's the added element of age . It 's a tribute to the film 's honesty that though Quinn 's and Franciosa 's characters are clearly pretty racist , and Johnson 's as well , there are some real differentiations between the ways those prejudices play out ; and if Kotto seems less prejudiced on the surface it 's also clear that he resents any implications that he 's gotten anywhere through affirmative action or quotas . Many of the strongest tensions in the film are the most subtle , as when we see Mattelli regularly treat black women and children much less harshly than he does men - but we wonder how much of it is patronizing.Director Barry Sears had worked in TV for over 20 years but only made a couple of theatrical features previously , but he pulls off the potent mix of action and social commentary as well as any pro at the time and for me this compares very favorably to better-known gritty crime films like THE FRENCH CONNECTION or DIRTY HARRY . We follow both the cops and the mob searching for the robber-killers , and gradually we get to know the two surviving members of the heist as well . Though Sears and screenwriter Luther Davis do n't exactly make them heroes , they do succeed in humanizing a couple of guys off the street with few hopes and small dreams , who really were n't able to think so far ahead and realize what they were getting themselves into , and who really do n't believe they have any reason to worry about shooting people that stand in their way . What starts out as a shoot-em-up becomes a sadder and sadder commentary on the impossibilty of change in a world with extremely circumscribed choices - the shooter , Jim Harris -LRB- Paul Benjamin -RRB- is a Jamaican immigrant with a criminal record and epilepsy - even as violence wratchets up to a tragic conclusion and a final scene that is a flat-out shock , summing up the entire theme of the film in a few seconds.Bobby Womack contributed other songs to the movie as well , though there 's less music here and it 's lower-key than is usual in the genre ; Jack Priestley 's low-key , natural-looking cinematography should be mentioned as well . Anthony Quinn was one of the producers on the film as well as starring , and it 's clearly something of a labor of love for him and I think many of those involved . This is one of those films that has languished in part because of its labelling as an exploitation film , as `` urban action '' ; though it has some of those elements - particulary in Fargas ' character and a couple of his scenes - as I said at the outset , it 's got a seriousness and purpose to it that is rarely evident in even most of the better examples of the genre , and it is one of those very rare films that can work equally well as both an visceral action film and a serious issue-oriented drama . Absolutely top-flight .
 An excellent police thriller from the 1970s that is n't hugely well known , Across 110th Street is definitely one you should n't miss . In a dingy Harlem apartment , two men disguised as cops take down a mafia bank , stealing $ 300,000 and killing seven men , including two cops , in the process . But fresh on their tails are the New York police looking to arrest the three men responsible and the mafia looking for revenge and to get their money back . The only question is can the police find the trio before the vengeful mafia does ? Made in 1972 and filmed in New York , the movie has a realistic , gritty feel to it . This is n't super-cops taking on the world , it 's a strong , well-told story about the changing times when it comes to crime and punishment and how race issues play into the investigation . Do n't be confused though , this is n't a ` message ' movie . There 's good action and a ton of 70s style to go around.Leading a strong ensemble cast , Anthony Quinn plays Captain Matelli , the NY police officer who 's worked 33 years on the force and has seen the worst the city has to offer . He 'll get the job done , even if its not the politically correct way . Yaphet Kotto is a strong counter to Matelli as Lt. Pope , an up-and-coming officer trying to do things by the book . Their methods differ and the confrontations grow , but at their most basic , Matelli and Pope want to get the crooks . Tony Franciosa is perfectly evil/slimy as Nick D'Salvio , the mafia enforcer gunning for the three robbers . Paul Benjamin leads the trio as Jim Harris , an ex-con with no money looking for a better life for his wife . It 's a great part as Benjamin makes this character , a murderer/robber , a somewhat sympathetic person . The other two robbers include Ed Bernard as Joe Logart and Antonio Fargas -LRB- later Huggy Bear on Starsky and Hutch -RRB- as Henry J. Jackson.The DVD has the movie in its widescreen presentation that looks good if somewhat grainy . The graininess adds to the mood so it 's not a huge issue , the movie still works regardless of how clear the image is . A trailer is added as the only special feature . Do n't miss this one if you 're a fan of cop movies with a hint of blaxploitation thrown in . Check out Across 110th Street !
 With the slap of the introduction music , the blast of the old car plowing through the streets , and the images of old New York -LRB- especially the rarely filmed Harlem -RRB- - one is prepared for the possibility of two cinematic directions . One , this could be a clich&eacute; cop film , filled with the dirty cop , the good cop , and all those evil-doers in between . Or two , it could be a panache of reality mixed with honesty , a blend of modern Scorsese with old Scorsese perhaps with a dash of 70s nostalgia . Well , fellow film review readers , this is an honest first for this critic . `` Across 110th Street '' was more than just a clich&eacute; -LRB- yet it was full of them -RRB- , it was deep and developed -LRB- yet had a simplistic story about cops and criminals -RRB- , it was gritty and honest -LRB- yet overly-so enough to make you gasp , not laugh -RRB- , and it was pure , uncut , cinematic genius from beginning to the wildly unseen ending . There were plenty of pitfalls for `` Across 110th Street '' to fall into , but it continually saved itself by being genuine and dark throughout . While the editing , albeit pure 70s cinema , was completely tangent , the film itself demonstrated the raw force of truth , giving us a rare -LRB- yet fictional -RRB- story of the changing of the guard in Harlem , the truth of its streets , and the minds of its criminals . Get ready ; this is n't going to be an easy film.Sounding like a scene right out of `` Dead Presidents '' , our story begins with three African Americans stealing money from the mob , only to transform the simple robbery into a battleground , equipped with machine gun fire and plenty of cops caught in the line of fire . Needless to say , both sides - the Italian mob who currently has a strong hold on the crime in Harlem - as well as both the upcoming African American police Lieutenant -LRB- played by Yaphet Kotto -RRB- and the decaying corrupt Captain -LRB- played by Anthony Quinn -RRB- - are ready to do whatever it takes to bring these men to justice . Our plot device suddenly becomes a ticking clock , with our minds in constant question as to who is going to get to the finish line first . What keeps this clich&eacute; device from sounding stale is director Barry Shear 's ability to take us through each of the three storylines with nobody eating from the sweet cake of victory at any given time . `` Across 110th Street '' is not a comfortable story . The characters are flawed , the imagery is sandpaper rough , and the language is honest . Shear has made this film during a time where corruption is used to represent the mindset of the community . Harlem is not shown in a productive light , but then neither is the police nor the mob . What makes `` Across 110th Street '' feel like a science experiment is that you see the decay of the community implode systematically . From the simple thugs who begin the robbery , to the Italian mob who is just as brutal but with better suits , all the way to the police who use the same tactics , but are protected -LRB- supposedly -RRB- by a badge , this film explores the explosion of corruption in a bold new way that eliminates clich&eacute; , yet builds on honesty.Shear 's ability to build the story into the camera 's frame is only the stepping stone of this film . The unrelenting ending could only have occurred with the power of the actors in front of the camera . Their work is simple , at times one could even call it amateurish , but Quinn and Kotto do a phenomenal job of keeping the story , and their characters , grounded at all times . Their beats could have been tightened , but their flaws build upon the chaos of this story . Their facial expressions alone are worth their weight in gold , especially Quinn 's ending glare . As Quinn and Kotto were our leads for this film , what stands out is how similar they are to their flawed mobsters and criminals . With our lead mobsters racism coupled with our medial issues of our criminals , we see a blend between them all . While they are all different characters , Shear brings them all together with small similarities . For someone jumping into the middle of this film , one would have trouble guessing who were the `` real '' bad guys , the guys with the guns or the guys with the badges . That is the next layer of `` Across 110th Street '' that could be used in any film studies class across the nation . Not just the visuals of a time filled with racial disgust , but also the fact that the racial divide was n't in just black and white . Harlem owns the police , yet they are there to uphold the law - while perhaps not exactly like that in Harlem today - one can see this happening throughout the world in modern society.Finally , one can not end a review of `` Across 110th Street '' without mentioning the music - which was icing on the hypothetical cake . To me , the sounds captured the era , the chaos of the music coupled well with the violence happening on screen . The two blended perfectly together , giving us not just a taste of an explosive Harlem , but also the sounds that may have accompanied it . As a child of the 80s , I never was witness to this - so to see it -LRB- albeit in a form of fiction -RRB- only helped to heighten the awareness of this era in NYC.Overall , `` Across 110th Street '' was a violent , loud , and turbulent film that was laced with clich&eacute;s that were forgotten by the next scene . One could easily watch this film on late-night television and never quite see the power behind Shear 's camera , or Quinn 's acting ability -LRB- that final scene still haunts me -RRB- , or the challenging music that accompanied our visuals , but watching it on a bright and sunny Saturday , the excellence of this film comes full force . The acting was at a perfect pitch for this film , the corruption that Shear demonstrates from across three spectrums adds a level of honesty to a film that could have easily been lost by another director . `` Across 110th Street '' reminded me of early Scorsese work , the raw grittiness of the city , a city that Shear loved -LRB- he filmed in Harlem -RRB- , coupled with the powerful imagery took me to `` Mean Streets '' and `` Goodfellas '' , but not `` The Departed '' . This is a cannon of a film , one that should be watched and retained for the sheer honesty of the work , while it is fiction it holds a bit of truth to the turbulence of the world.Wow . All I can say is `` wow '' . Grade
 Across 110th street is a great movie . As one reviewer said it is depressing , and yes ... it is heavy , and leaves you with a sense of pain and sadness.I dont think that one has to have lived an impoverished life , or have been raised in the inner - city , to relate to and be compassionate with most of the characters in this film . No , it is not a `` color '' thing at all ... It is just a case of really understanding the movie.Its about 3 men that stick up a numbers spot in harlem ... which quite historically accurate , is run by the Mafia . Thus a snowball of intimidation , interrogation and brutality ensue ... from both the Mafia and the N.Y.P.D. Anthony Quinn , Yaphet Kotto , Anthony franciosa , and Paul Benjamin all give intense performances . One of the most powerful yet unerrated performances is by Paul Benjamin as the ex con `` Jim Harris '' . His desperation and harsh look at his own reality , bursts in every inch of his character . Of course the great Quinn . . is gritty and raw as always , and i had heard that many people were begging him not to do a movie of this genre ... what could they have possibly known ... nothing of course ! Franciosa does well as a maniac Mafia flunky . . very convincing . Ed bernard as `` Joe '' and raspy voiced Richard ward as `` Doc johnson '' do very well also . And Antonio fargas adds much more to his character as opposed to some of his other film roles.There is loads of building tension amongst the characters ... all done beautifully with emotion and dialogue . Across 110th street is not some laughable exploitation film laden with stereotypical characters , and negative images . It is a truthful and numbing look at men and women struggling , and blindly hoping for a way to make it out.Many people might say i am crazy for the passion of that i emote in this review . I must say to those who dont agree to watch across 110th street again ... and look at this period piece of Harlem in the early 70 's ... It is somewhat of a documentary . If you still think I am far off track . . then please , for those who dont know ... Take a ride Across 110th street , before the claws of Gentrification sink deeper , and stop and ask an old timer sitting on a stoop about how things were in Harlem in the early 1970 's . . This will always be one of my favorite moviesTo this day it makes me very emotional when i watch it
 If you like old school blacksploitation films then you will love this . It is chock full of well know actors and the theme is outta sight !
 This is one of those 70 's classics that i was so glad to see become available on dvd . The acting was excellent and the story line was very nice and the script was well written . Yaphett Kotto and Anthony Quinn gave a good performance . It was cool to see Paul Benjamin 's character take out the mob guys at the end . Unfortunately , his partner 's were brutally murdered early on in the film . This is one film i recommend having in your archives .
 In 1972 , this great action packed film was released , starring Anthony Quinn as NYPD Lt.Frank Matelli and co-starring Yaphet Kotto , Anthony Franciosa , Antonio Fargas to name a few of a brilliant cast , was in my opinion dwarfed by the screen release of `` The Godfather '' . Time is running out on Matelli as he tries to find the Harlem perpetrators of a numbers bank armed robbery which goes awry as one of the held up `` bankers '' reaches for a gun and one of the perpetrators sprays them with machine gun fire , therefore conducting a massacre . Hundreds are arrested as Matelli 's NYPD prescinct becomes chaotic.Yaphet Kotto is a young detective lieutenant who the aging Matelli -LRB- Quinn -RRB- suspects is after his job . Anthony Franciosa plays a ruthless capo for the Mafia who still controls the numbers and prostitution rackets in the Harlem of the late 60 's or early 70 's . The leader of the black gangsters who 's last name is Johnson , which is assumed to be an aging but still legendary Ellsworth `` Bumpy '' Johnson , the Harlem crime boss who works for the mafia and Franciosa.I am glad this film was re-edited on DVD as it is definitely a classic that deserves to be watched by everyone who likes this genre.Do not miss it .
 When a dry-cleaner , a building superintendent , and a party animal decide to make a better life for themselves -- split threeways -- and dress up like cops to rip off $ 300 000 from the Mob , they do n't exactly commit the perfect crime . The Mob sends its most sadistic enforcer , and some other violence-prone creeps , into Harlem to teach everyone across 110th Street that said street is a dividing line , not to be crossed . Meanwhile , Yaphet Kotto and Anthony Quinn play two detectives who have nothing but contempt for each other -- but their job is to try and collar the three perps before the mobsters manage to hunt them down and eliminate them -LRB- `` it 's not about the money ... it 's about honor and respect '' -RRB- . Quinn 's character , Mattelli , is a blatant racist and unapologetic bully , resorting to beatings and terror whenever he wants info . Kotto , as Pope , is more the stoic , silent -- if slightly twitchy - type , who copes with his new partner as best he can , while occasionally losing his cool with the raging bull he 's saddled with . The two barely communicate with each other as they follow the few leads they come up with that may point them to any of the fugitive trio , who have scattered in fear , but not enough to cover their tracks ; the tension-filled silence between the two leads is as effective as most of the incendiary dialogue when they lash out at each other . I wish we could have learned more about Pope 's background or personal life , so that Yaphet Kotto would have a bit more to do in the role -LRB- Quinn , the loudmouth , moans about his past and his personal problems enough so that , as vile as he is , we get to know more of what he 's all about -RRB- . Then there 's the action and violence , resulting mainly from the mobsters on a mission getting to their targets -- or any unwilling informants that may know the names or whereabouts of the targets -- before the cops . Anyone who gets shot instantly loses a quart of blood -LRB- though this is 1970 's blood , which was apparently a different colour than today 's blood -RRB- . BLAM ! -- and it 's like a hose is turned on . All shakedowns and roughings-up are painfully severe , and I 'm just talking about Mattelli 's handiwork . Fortunately , the violence sprays all over a wonderfully involving and serpentine plot that shifts smoothly from character to character ; Quinn and Kotto almost step aside to let the bad guys take this movie hostage , and it works well . Not that they 're contribution is n't riveting or relevant -- the two detectives have the very best scene , as they both invade the office of a smirky gangster named Doc , who puts them in their place -- but this film really belongs to Logart and Harris , two of the moneygrabbers turned murderers , as they hide , and then run , for their lives . For them , it 's not the honor ; it 's definitely the money . Rich or dead , all the way . The fear only comes when -- in the end -- they each turn their final corner.I thought the very last moment of the film was a bit senseless , although , thinking it over , I guess it counts as revenge . Besides that , it 's all wickedly spot-on
 Fisrt things first . Some viewers might take this film for so-called blaxploitation film like `` Coffy '' or `` Shaft . '' Though they have something in common at certain places , `` Across the 110th Street '' belongs to different genre , namely , a film noir . Or , if you do n't get it , imagine `` 48HRS '' without Eddie Murphy 's fast talk . You will get a closer picture . `` Across the 110th Street '' begins with a botched robbery in New York City by three men disguised as cops . One false move , and seven dead bodies . The gangsters , to teach some lesson to them , start thier own investigation while a corrupt cop Quinn -LRB- whose moral sense is not still dead -RRB- reluctantly joins force with no-nonsense , clean-cut Kotto . The film portrays the violent aftermath of the robbery with fast-paced speed , and its tightly-knit plot construction and very authentic locations on Harlem of the 70s -- helped by dim lighting and deserted buildings -- lend the entire film great power to draw the audience to the screen . The story is a little bit trite , I admit , but its grim violence and realistic characters depicted in the film attract your heart , sometimes even in the most morbid scene.But the greatest achievement is two leads
 I was sixteen when this movie came out , and still to this day , I can never get enough of it.It 's one of the all-time great black flicks.And the sound track by Bobby Womack ranks right up there along with it .
 Good crime drama w / a taste of blaxploitation . Anthony Quinn as always gives an outstanding acting performance as a near-retiring police captain grappling with civil rights change within the police force along with , an explosive drug ridden black community . Yaphet Kotto also , gives a terrific performance throughout the film as the new lieutenant that locks horn w / Quinn 's traditional ways of dealing with community folk . Anthony Franciosa gives a fantastic acting performance as a racist drug dealer .
 From the beginning to the end a gripping tale . I loved it . Raw and gritty . You wo n't see anything like it today - maybe Guy Ritchie movies but not at the time this was shot in New York - you wo n't get that feel again . It ca n't be recaptured today because it does n't exist . Wonderful actors .
 Three Harlem crooks make the big mistake of killing some mafiosos and stealing their cash . The mafia send Anthony Franciosa -LRB- from Dario Argento 's Tenebre -RRB- `` across 110th Street '' into Harlem to find these three guys and put some major hurt on them.Detectives Anthony Quinn and Yaphet Kotto catch wind of this plan and set out to find these guys before Franciosa does . Kotto leads the investigation much to Quinn 's disapproval . Quinn 's not hardcore racist , but he 's not the most tolerant man in the world . In fact , his grumpy character is n't really sympathetic at all . Kotto is the one you end up liking quite a bit , and Franciosa makes a great and sinister mobster.The movie is violent , grim , and much better written than you 'd expect . Too bad it 's not more well known , coz it 's definitely worth a watch .
 This film is a real find . It 's a gritty police drama from the seventies that keeps you on the edge of your seat from start to finish . What distinguishes this film is the rich writing and believable characters . The plot involves a group of thugs who steal $ 300,000.00 from a Mafia operation in Harlem and in the subsequent getaway kill 7 people including 2 cops . Not only do the thugs have to contend with the police but the Mafia and their Harlem subordinates whose tactics do n't exactly fall under the Geneva Convention . There are many outstanding performances here . Paul Benjamin as the epileptic leader of the gang of thieves ; Richard Ward -LRB- Steve Martin 's `` father '' in `` The Jerk '' -RRB- as a Harlem kingpin ; Tony Franciosa as the sadistic Mafiosi . Most compelling is the relationship between the police investigators who have a strained partnership played by Anthony Quinn and Yaphet Kotto . Quinn is an old-school rascist police captain who 's also on the take whereas Kotto plays a straight arrow lieutenant who can barely contain his disgust for Quinn . At no point in this film does this pair demonstrate anything that approximates grudging respect . If this film had been directed by either Sidney Lumet or Martin Scorsese it would get more respect . A definite buried treasure .
 Quick easy download from Amazon , no annoying copywrite protection on this movie so I could upload it to my Tivo
 I enjoyed this 70 's movie , it just a classic since I have n't seen it before , a lot of actors from that time frame
 This movie took me back to the 70s when there were so many wonderful movies with great sound tracks like Shaft , Superfly and Truck Turner .
 I remember this being the first `` R '' rated movie I ever saw . I viewed it during a matinee performance in Wallingford , Connecticut at the downtown theatre that no longer exist . It was gritty , poignant and beautiful ; a special movie that will always hold a special part in my heart . It still holds up and I encourage everyone to see it . It was an example of the kind of movies we enjoyed before political correctness dumbed and watered all film expression down .
 Great police vs. mob flick . Yaphet Kotto & Anthony Quinn outdo themselves in this movie . Wardrobe & set designers were very accurate in capturing time period of movie .
 Wish it was long and developed the story more . The girlfriend was a bad actor and only had one note .
 Recent reviews : `` wow , very touching , to bad not all men are that sensitive to their feelings and open minded & secure with themselves to even go there '' `` A really nice little flick . Props to y' all ! '' `` I liked this it was sweet and awesome . `` AMAZING !!!! '' `` Brilliant bit of artwork that . `` Please support independent cinema . Thank you !
 When I first heard of Carmen
 I really did n't know what to expect from this , but I was very pleasantly surprised . There was very little , if any , ` reading ' type of acting , you know , like where line delivery sounds as if they 're reading straight from the cue cards.Mos Def was a most convincing villain , Mekhi 's rapping was n't shabby at all and Beyonce did an excellent job on the acting . The entire cast did a bang up job , in fact . I will definitely be adding this to my collection ...
 What can I say about this title ? The movie is good and uplifting . If you 've had a bad day , the singing and dancing will get you up to do a little dance as if you did n't know how to dance.Beyonce did a Banging job in this film ! This made-4-tv movie follows the life of Carmen -LRB- Knowles -RRB- and Derek -LRB- Phifer -RRB- in a ghetto part of town where gang and drug addicts are at the most.I do n't wan na ruin the surprise for you ! All you need to know ... it 's a good movie !! I have it added to my DVD Collection !
 Beyonce Knowles made the audience faint , you could see a whole different side of her . She proved to the world that she could not only song well , but could act well also . I loved the movie so well I went out and got the Soundtrack too . I recommend this movie to anybody and everybody who likes a drama .
 This movie was the best ! First Of All I SAW THIS IN MY DRAMA CLASS 2 WEEKS AGO ! IT WAS THE BEST . BEYONCE PLAYED HER PART WELL AND IT WAS SO SAD SHE DIED . THE SONGS WERE OUTSTANDING . I JUST LOVED THE MOVIE . MY FAVORITE PART WAS WHEN BEYONCE WAS FIGHTING THE GIRL IN THE CLUB . I JUST WANT TO TELL YALL THIS MOVIE WAS DECENT ! KEEP IT UP AND HOLLA BACK !
 This movie was okey.The only good parts were when lil bow wow was in it and the rest was n't good . But i would c it again 4 bow wow . That wuz da only reason y i got it cuz of him .
 I think the movie was great , even if beyonce does n't seem that type of girl , she still did a great job . Even more then the movie itself , i just loved the `` making of carmen '' that u can find in the special features . I think it 's worth buying!Have fun !
 I love this movie ! I could watch it all day ! I can quote each and every song ! The songs are amazing the actors were perfect ! Beyonce is such a talented actress she plays good in every movie !
 This is a nice fresh modern updated version of the original Classicaly Opera written by the French composer Georges Biet - pronouced Geeeoorge Bee Zay . This musicial - melo/drama - based work will catch any persons attention after they reconize the catchy tunes . Especially if tthe have had any exposure to Classical music in their earlier years in high school . Afterall all hip hop music is not about the bling , women & cars . Example R.Kelly 's The Closet . Moore reviews on films like this to come later .
 What better way to teach students how a long standing famous/popular opera was used as a Hip Hopera . The story line pretty much followed the original story line -LRB- key incidents -RRB- with a few exceptions and a few embellishments .
 I loved Carmen it was such a cool movie . For me because I 'm a big fan of Hip Hop and RnB . I loved the way it was like a musical but a modern one . It was like Annie in the ghetto . Beyonce was really good 4 it being her first movie . I usually have a bad thought about music stars being movie stars , but Beyonce just changed my whole point of view on that . I also liked that extras the MTV Special was cool , i like it when they let you see a lil part bout ' how they made the movie .
 Absolutely MARVELLOUS ... great hiphop musical ... great acting ... great settings , great everything ... a must see for all hiphop heads and everybody else ... most definately a 5 star , what else can i say ?! EnjoyBlaak
 i thought beyonce was brilliant in this movie , with a great voice ... also i think the guys in the cast were very sexy !!! by the way does anyone know the name of the bad-boy cop in the film ??? hollor back !! xxx
 I think that this movie is definately worth your money and your time . It is fabulous and it involes alot of r 'n' b singing and music . The story is fabulous and of course the actor is fabulous
 Carmen is the story of Beyonce - the troublemaker and hottie of the town , and Mekhi Phifer who plays Officer Hill . Hill is engaged to the perfect woman -LRB- not Beyonce , another girl -RRB- ... until one night when he has to drive Carmen to the police station and thats when the drama begins . Carmen will do anything to get out of going to jail . Even seducing him . And thats where everything starts to go wrong . . Its not anything spectacular , but its good to watch once or twice . The songs in it are pretty good . . especially `` If looks could kill '' which Beyonce & Mos Def sang really well ... and the twist definately suprised me . There are some boring bits , but overall i enjoyed it and i think its worth watching.Oh and the quality of the dvd was good too !
 This was a great way to teach history . Ha ! There is a lot of action in this movie and it is actually quite entertaining . The music and singing is really good too .
 Carmen is a hip hop remake of the classic film Carmen Jones . The film stars Beyonce from Destiny 's Child as Carmen . Carmen is an actress trying to make it with the love of Mehki Pfefier . But Mos Def a dirty cop stands in the way . A lot of people love to trash Beyonce acting skills but I think she did an all right job here .
 Beyonce 's start in the movie business is a good start for her , as well as it was for her co-star Rah Digga who will also star in Thirteen Ghosts
 It is as old as humankind , the ancient battle of the sexes . MTV does a good job in interpreting Bizet 's finest masterpiece to modern-day realities , this time in inner-city Philadelphia where a virtuous police officer met Carmen at a well-populated watering hole . After arresting Carmen during a catfight , he gradually lost all self-control by spending a night at her apartment that resulted in his demotion and loss of his fiance . Things went downhill afterwards . Beyonce was good at playing the femme fatale character.I definitely recommend this DVD .
 This movie was pretty good especially beyonce ' . She played her role good . I loved the ghetto bad girl theme she had going . she should do other movie like this .
 HAVE N'T SEEN THE FILM , BUT AT THAT PRICE I DO N'T WANT TO !
 Of course not better then the original but this one blows all the other ones after the original away . I really enjoyed this one and had a lot of freaky parts to it . The main girl is extremely gorgeous as well which adds to it.But she is going to check up on her grandma who lives in this outskirt run down building which is to be torn down soon . Well she keeps running into these two freaky kids who just stare at her and dressed in clothes back in like Little House on the Prairie days.So of course people die by the kids and they leave these freaky corn wreaths on peoples doors whom will be next to die.A little twist in the end but overall a good movie . Highly recommended .
 When I first saw this it was on the Chiller channel on TV . I really did not get the thing of this , but It came on agan and it was okay . Very good as the last and I mean the very last children of the corn movie .
 The more terrifying the better . I do n't like graphic horror , likesevering heads , or cutting off arms . So this movie was awesome .
 The people who gave this movie such bad reviews obviously did n't watch it or did n't pay attention to what they were watching . This movie with the title of Revelation was just that for the series . It is a kind of ending which explains where the `` child cult '' got started . Many of the kids did not have names that is true but the important ones did . This movie went a step beyond the other movies , it takes you back to where it all started and just may be the end of it all . I enjoyed this movie a lot , from the silent scenes full of suspence to the loud scenes full of screaming and children 's laughter . If you are n't into this series and have n't watched them and payed attention you will find it to make no sense , but if you have then it will all make perfect sense and you will be glad you watched it .
 BACK OF THE BOX : Based on the chilling story , ` Children of the Corn ' by Stephen king , REVELATION is the next shocking chapter in this ever-poplar series of sspence-thrillers ! When calls to her eccentric grandmonther go unanwered , Jamie Lowell is shocked to discover that her grandmother 's last known adress is a condemned tenement building overrunned by ncontrolled children ! But as Jamie slowly uncovers the truth behind her grandmother 's mysterios dissapearance , she merely disturbs a powerful evil that now wishes to destroy Jamie as well!When I saw this movie for $ 4.00 on VHS at my local thrift store , I took it home and expected the worst . I popped in the tape and was amazed . This sequel had almost nothing to do with the original , bt it was a great film ! The special effects cold have been a bit better , but it is still a good movie ! But only rent or buy it if you are a DIE-HARD COTC fan !
 ... . This movie was better then the rest ! Though the movie had kind of a different plot from the others but it was great.The Good of the movie : The Actors were great and the horror of the movie was really Scary.Alot of Terrifieing scenes in it . The movie had a good end plot twist . Yes you do get to see the demon He Who Walks Behind the Rows.The BAD
 this is an awesome flick but u probably dont need to watch it if you do n't understand what all of the other previous cotc movies are about . because to me this one kinda explains how it all started . just to say that the title `` revelation '' fits right into the movie because this one could be the end of it all .
 Do n't get me wrong ; `` Children Of The Corn
 I just finished watching my copy of ` PLAGUERS ' ! It 's one of the best B-Horror flicks involving alien mutant zombies that actually look good enough to be seen in a big budget film ! I 'm glad I took a chance on buying this even though I had read so many bad reviews on other websites haha . I could definitely see myself watching this again and again . Sure this flick is n't perfect compared to other sci-fi horrors like ` ALIEN ' for example haha . . but come on what do you expect ? Plus , I 've always liked Steve Railsback 's acting . Other actors/actresses did a fine job as well.The glowing alien-energy orb in this flick kind of reminded me of the one in ` Heavy Metal ' , so once I got that stuck in my head , I had a smile on my face while enjoying the movie haha . Another thing , I give praise to any low-budget flick like this one that does n't use nudity to `` improve '' itself/sales . It 's not that I 'm against nudity in horror films , it 's just good to be able to comfortably watch this in front of my parents and in-laws ! This is an ok horror to let your 10-year-old kid watch with you on a Friday night ! Again , awesome make-up effects and good clean fun ! Some gore but not over-the-top if you know what I mean ! Grab the popcorn !
 This movie was delivered fast and the description of it was accurate . The DVD worked well and was in good condition .
 a very good movie . i was very surprised at just how good , after reading smoe fo the reviewes it had gotten before .
 The Last Song was a great movie . Lots of great Tybee Island , Georgia scenery and just a great job in acting by Miley Cyrus . I really did not expect this movie to be good at all , and I watched it merely because it was filmed where I live , but was pleasantly surprised by the story content , and the acting . My husband even enjoyed it , so it is not just a chick flick . I would encourage anyone to watch it and my purchase will allow it to become part of my movie library . Thanks . Amazon !
 THis is a very touching movie and is good for the whole family , It tells a great story about the way things are today and is acted very well by all , I bought it after seeing the trailer and was not disappointed All ages should enjoy this movie and could learn an important lesson about life and love and family
 My name is Taylor James Crawford , I 'm a boy and I am 14 . I am also on my dad 's account . Enjoy my review for The Last Song.Being a big fan of Miley Cyrus even made me love her so much more after watching this great , family movie . She is an incredible actress in this film and she made the character Ronnie so believable along with the whole rest of the cast . If you like a tearjerker , this is the movie for you ! The two parts in the film that made me cry was when Ronnie was in the hospital with her dad . The other part was when he passed away . Out of all of the movies I 've watched in my whole life , this one is now my number one favorite . I 'm glad that most of the reviewers so far love the movie as much as I do ! So far , the average rating for this movie from amazon is 4 stars which is very good , but let 's make it 5 ! I will love Miley forever !
 I have never purchased a used video before and found out they are just as good as new . My movie came very quickly and no problems with packaging or the DVD . I will do this again .
 It was the usual Nicholas Sparks ~ ~ ~ beautiful but a tear jerker !! I loved Miley Cyrus . She showed what a great actress she is becoming . Not just Hannah Montana any longer . Definately worth watching .
 I had read the book and was excited to see the movie . It was everything I had hoped for , Great !
 I thought this movie was amazing . I thought each cast member brought something to the movie . Miley Cyrus achieved her goal , in my book , and any other `` non-judgmental '' human being can now see her as something more than Hannah Montana . Her chemistry with Liam Hemsworth was impeccable . Greg K played an amazing part in this , considering this movie is very different from his others . I 've never cried during a movie before , but there was something about this that just made me lose it ! Nicholas Sparks created yet again another masterpiece .
 As i was watching this film , and i will give you a bit of a prologue , to judge what follows , i thought of a very youngbrooke shields and was she involved with calvin klein , and i recall two of the film she made the blue lagoon -LRB- why blue ? -RRB- which was released with much fanfare and promotion and JUst you and me kid with george burns who also did the sunshine boys and oh god -LRB- with bob denver a favorite singer of my youth -RRB- ... the critics didnt particularly like her film roles , i thought the Burns film was cute but i list all these things and her domineering/controlling mother , the imagery created and put into our minds to interest us in her , but she seemed away from the imagery to be a nice person , its just what was trying to be created which was wrong , and her film career didnt last and she made a tv show and i see her now and then . Much more prominent i recall Burns sidekick gracie allen , one of my favorite people from early tv land who was funny and deflating of much that needed and was wrong in a wistful air ... i laugh when i think of her with nostalgia . Anyways i saw this film , and i was not knowing what to get from the famous tv show she created and the neon intensity and much else is toned down and her acting is apropos and the film is actually good for someone whoose acting is not their bread and butter ... she 's famous in other media . We begin the film with her fighting with a younger brother -LRB- of course in contemporary life she 's trying to rear him -RRB- and having gone through someproblem with the law and whoose mother leaves her with brother and father and her mom 's mind is on marrying . A contemporary situation revisited in many homes . She is then made a pass at at a carnival scene near the water -LRB- this imagery is attractive , as well as the area where it was filmed -RRB- and is derisive toward her attacker , who attempts to unsuccessfully make a pass at night in another location . Then while all this is ongoing , we have a raccoon in the environment , as near all waters , they are not so much parasitic , they actually ward off other parasites much worse , but the minds of all are disturbed by these pests . There is a good scene with this male where she likes and admits she has fun and shakes hands with the romantic male , fun and intimacy here are linked in her mind , a reader of dense fiction including the realistic tolstoy -LRB- i think he is -RRB- and while this is ongoing the young child wants the family back together , a child 's imposition on the adult world , but the adults have their own way , and the father seems nice and dreamy as he 's called , but seems to be existing rather than liking anything that 's ongoing . Miley 's interlocutor is depicted as having many girlfriends , and he is going through the rituals but now he has found love , his emotional centers have been touched.then there is a subplot about a burning church , and a wedding scene , and a theme in the film is how wealthy people cause the city to decline in all kind of ways , and not so much them but those they influence , and there is a scene at a wedding where a poor and uneducated person takes his class hatred out by pummelling this guy and trying to take away this girl ... these kinds of tensions are on the rise these days . The film works since it radiates from miley as she is the center of the film , and we learn throughout the film as people interact with her , and it 's an interesting film , as from an estranged person she develops some values and goes through a love and sensual series of events but then develops her reason and reflection and adequately deals with a dieing father and a boyfriend . She seems believable , and the film is different than what i expected ... actually storylines and subject matter in female characters i like . I hope in future films she 's able to develop her talents , in film , an area not her home but where she can develop a comfort zone . . notice the names in this film the boy is jonah and one of the girls blake i think ... what imagery is there ?
 So far I have loved all adaptions of Nicholas Sparks novels . I wo n't lie I was a little taken back by the fact the Miley Cyrus got the lead role of Ronnie . I have a little sister so I have seen her acting before and she 's not bad but she 's not very good . I was shocked to find that she did n't do a terrible job like I believed she would . Some scenes were a little sketchy like in the hospital but I think she did an ok job . For what Miley lacks at points the other actors make it up . I love Greg Kinnear and I think he is an amazing actor but the true star of the film was Bobby Coleman who played Ronnie 's little brother , Jonah . I do n't think there was a dry eye in the theater when he was crying . If this kid do n't blow up I 'll be surprised . I think it 's a little to mature for Hannah Montana fans but I do suggest it for Miley Cyrus fans . If you hate Miley then I suggest do n't watch , you 'll just be annoyed . I do recommend the film to fans of the adaptions of Nicholas Sparks novels , I think it stayed true to the novel .
 Its a good movie , but not near as good as the book . I do not like it when storylines are changed . It was a good thing I read the book first because the movie leaves out a lot of background information .
 Nicholas Sparks has done it again ; this story will touch your heart . This was a wonderful story about a family struggling with divorce . Greg Kinnear was phenomenal as the Father in this story ; I lost my brother to Brain Cancer , who left behind 4 children so I can not begin to tell you how this movie affected me personally . I was very impressed with Miley Cyrus , this will be the movie that puts her Hannah Montana `` Gig '' behind her , she was wonderful and shows a lot of potential for bigger things . Bobbie Coleman played the little brother and it broke my heart to watch him struggle with his father dying of cancer , it took me back to my brother 's death and his 4 children 's pain with all of the heartbreak that is experienced by those left behind . This is an amazing story and I highly recommend it-keep your tissue box close-it is a tear jerker !
 I really enjoyed this movie it was good . Performances from Greg Kinnear , Miley Cyrus , Liam Hemsworth were all very good ! For the most part the movie had some similarities to the book but the book gave a bit more that the movie did n't provide at least for me . People should see this movie but make sure you have tissues near by because you will need them . The book is excellent though and I would highly recommend people read the book first then watch the movie !
 As others have said , this is not great filmmaking . But it stars Miley Cyrus who has a big fan base and THOSE are the folks who will frock to the DVD . And that 's okay . It teaches a moral lesson and has the music that her fans love . How the other two lead actors got equal size billing on the cover is an unknown . Miley is all over the DVD ! There are music videos , Making of the Miley Video with Miley and more Also a tour of the set with Bobby Coleman -LRB- who did NOT make the cover billing -RRB- . There is an alternate ending -LRB- choose which one you want -RRB- and the usual `` deleted scenes '' . I 'm not a teen -LRB- nor a girl -RRB- and so I certainly could n't relate to lead character . I probably identify more with the father.Choosing a star rating is hard . . It 's a mixed bag . The high star rating is to recommend it to Cyrus ' fan base and any teen who `` sorta likes her '' as an actress . -LRB- After all Hannah Montana is a role . -RRB- But if you are not watching this with your kids , and are over 20 , you can probably find other DVDs to watch with your precious tine.Steve Ramm `` Anything Phonographic ''
 The story was good . Typical for a Nicholas Sparks film . I am not a big fan of Miley Cyrus so that would be the only thing negative for me but her acting was not THAT bad . Hemsworth was awesome and HOT !
 The Last Song ... uhh ... so many words for this movie . But I can put it into 3 - I love it ! Its not what you expect , its better . Way better . It had me all teary upped . Lol . My sister cried ! Lol . Miley Cyrus did an amazing performance in this movie and had they of picked a different actress , this movie would of been all wrong . People give Miley Cyrus a lot of heat , but this movies proves herself . That she 's a great actress and a great singer . Its a must for your dvd collection .
 I am not a huge fan of Miley Cyrus ; however I think she did a good job in this movie !! The book is definitely better but if you are looking for a good Friday night movie this is a great choice !! The scenery is beautiful and Liam does a really great job of portraying the character of Will !
 uhm , i think miley cyrus is a good actress in this movie but there is always time for improvement : -RRB-
 i luv luv luv this movie i 've watched it over and over and never gets old !! Yes there are a few sad parts but also some very happy luving moments too ... i think my favorite part was the ending im very big on endings and if the movie doesnt have a very good ending then forget it u lost me i dont like the movie : / but this movie by far best ending and a happy on at that !! im not gunna lie i appsolutly luv all the Nicholas Sparks movies/books but for me this was my fav ! i know i keep repeating myself but i luved it , it was great : -RRB- oh i probably should mention the acting was pretty good too ; -RRB-
 i like it my girl friend likes it no problems a day late but no big deal so ya its good
 I had very low expectations going in . I was in the mood for a love story , and I was curious to see the now newly-engaged couple interact on the big screen.Boy , was I in for a surprise . The movie is remarkably good . Usually these movies do n't turn out so well and you 're left with the feeling ... wish I had n't wasted time on this one . But Last Song is just the opposite . In fact , I watched it twice.It has all the good elements that make a romantic movie good , and a few of the expected plot points and storylines , of course . But every bit of it is well done -- from the beautiful cinematography to the honest acting to the tug at your heartstrings moments.I 'm not gon na rehash the plot -- there is enough of that in other reviews here . All of the actors large and small ... the young boy is very good ... do their roles proud . And it 's not so predictable that you feel you always knows what comes next.It 's a chick flick for sure , but you can drag your date to it . He 'll like watching Miley while you languish on Liam . Admittedly , Liam is twice as handsome now , some 5 years later . But his character and portrayal of the character are good enough to keep you interested.When you feel like chillin ' out ... want a sweet Sunday afternoon treat ... or just want to share your loving feelings with your latest squeeze , Last Song is the movie to see . So many of these types of movies are so bland and done so poorly that you ca n't enjoy them . At last , we have one that breaks the mold and does it right !
 I thought Miley Cyrus could n't in any possible way , go from Hannah Montana to this kind of movie . She really did surprise me though , because this movie really is great . I loved the book , and the movie really captured everything from the book . They did a really great job .
 dvd was as advertised . The dvd arrived on time . No scratches or dings . We watched the dvd as soon as it came in . Thank you
 NO SPOILERS!I absolutely love this movie . I am not a huge fan of Miley Cyrus , and honestly , if it was not for the romantic plot line I doubt that I would have purchased this movie . On the other hand , Miley and Chad Michael Murray make a very cute couple and it is adorable that they were actually a real couple a little while ago.Since buying it I have watched it several times and it always makes me fall in love with it because it is very romantic . I know several male friends who have also seen the movie and they love it , so I would not necessarily consider it a chick flick ; although , if that is your thing you will love this movie !
 I really liked this movie . It was really good but even though it was in HD it did n't look HD . From now on I will probably get normal for a dollar less !
 I bought this movie for a friend and she really loves it . Its both dramatic and romantic perfect for her . definite chick flick
 Our whole family loves this movie ! It has a good plot and amazing actors.Thank you for shipping so quickly ! Its a movie that will be watched often in our home .
 My daughter is a really big Miley Cyrus fan . So I got this for her for Christmas and she has watched it again and again . Worth what I paid that 's for sure .
 It came from life reality . So bad the quality of the picture was not great all the time and connection was bad sometimes .
 I rated this as I did because even though the DVD was in terrific condition , I thought the Plot could have been better developed .
 Ordered as a gift for my Granddaughter . I ordered several movies and they were all great and she loved them all . Price was excellent on all of them and had a speedy delivery . Very pleased ! Would recommend Amazon to everyone .
 Well I got this for my wife and ended up liking it myself . Miley does a great job in this movie !
 I recommend this movie to anyone that liked the movie A Walk To Remember . The acting is good , and the setting is beautiful . It is about loss , love , and forgiveness .
 I loved this movie because the script was very similar to the book . I like the idea of writing the screenplay before the book is written . This story is filled with many emotions , a great story , and Miley Cyrus exceeded my expectations in her performance .
 GREAT MOVIE , SHE 'S GROWING UP TO BE A REALLY GOOD ACTRESS . THE MOVIE CAME REALLY FAST , THANKS !
 The only review i am going to give is ... . That if you are interested in this movie buy it or go see it at your local venues.It 's well worth it.Thanks
 This is a real and successful `` coming out '' for Miley as a film star !! I highly recommend it . Everybody I know who has watched this video likes it . Even my friend in Canada said `` it was a really good movie . ''
 Late review ... sorry for the late review , but I ordered this movie to watch over Labor Day weekend 2010 with my mom , GREAT person to order from . I ordered a used DVD hesitate at first because I do not know how people take care of their DVDs , but this DVD came in excellent condition and excellent packaging . I had it shipped to my parents house two day delivery and it came on time . You can def trust this seller on orders !!!
 Miley is good at all she does and this is no different , good acting and a bit of a tearjerky near the end , but it 's a well done movie .
 Item was delivered in a timely manner in good condition . WOuld definitely use this seller again .
 As soon as I heard about this movie coming out , I knew I had to see . I was pleasantly surprised by Miley 's acting . I think she did a great job . It was an amazing story . Having watched a few of Nicholas Sparks movies , I know to expect something amazing ... except when I read the book first.After seeing A WALK TO REMEMBER several times , I finally made the decision to read the book . The first of the Nicholas Sparks books I 've read . Though it was well written and a good story I could not believe how different it was . I guess I should have known then when I decided to see DEAR JOHN how different the movie would be after reading the book . What a letdown that was , though I 'm sure it would have been good if I had n't had the book to base if off of . Why , oh why do authors let that happen ! And movie directors . If a book is a hit , why in God 's name would they change it ? And I mean major changes . It makes me wonder which I should do ... read Nicholas Sparks books or see his movies ? It 's not really working , doing both .
 I received the movie in a timely manner . The video was in great condition . Thanks !
 Not only was the novel amazing , the movie was too . Every one who judges the movie simply becuase of Miley 's past career are wrongly doing so . Try the movie out and you wo n't be dissapointed . Obviously not everything is for everyone , but for all those looking to enjoy a sappy love movie , this is for you ! It 's great for the family and a very down to earth drama . Get over her Hannah alter-ego and move on as she is trying to .
 The Last Song ReviewFilm reviewers everywhere are raving about the film The Last Song inspired by the world renowned Nicholas Sparks book . Even though you may have read the book , you are in for a big surprise . The film has nothing on the book but just how the actresses/actors portray the film makes the film worth seeing . This film is one to sit down and watch with your family or even have a girl 's night with your friend that you can ball your eyes out to.There were many different memorable characters in the film . The protagonist of `` The Last Song '' is the character Miley Cyrus played named Ronnie Miller . Ronnie Miller is a troubled teen that is shipped off to live with her father for the summer . It has been years since she has seen her father and she is very mad that she needs to be there with him . Her father Steve Miller is thrilled to have his two children to stay with him for the summer but what no one knows is that he has cancer . The way they build up the relationship between Ronnie and Steve is amazing just because it really shows how family is really important and that holding a grudge against your dad for something he could n't fix is just not a way to live . I loved how Ronnie really grew into this person that her brother Jonah could look up to . She started as this angry teenager and became a woman you could believe in . There was also her love interest Will Blakelee who was a really good character . He started as this volleyball jock who you really did n't want to like because you thought that he was just playing Ronnie but then when he stands up to his parents for her and you really get to know about him and his life you really want to just root for the two of them to end up together.It is a modern day telling of family trouble and of course finding true love . Ronnie 's and her younger brother , Jonah 's , parents are divorced . They live with their mother until this summer they are sent to live with their father in a small town on the beach . Ronnie resents her father and has no intention of being friendly or even talking to him for the summer . But after meeting a handsome guy and beginning to fall in love , Ronnie starts rediscovering her love for music , something she shares with her father . Reconnecting with music revives a kinship with her father , which proves to be the most important relationship she may ever experience . Even though her love for her father never left , she still resents him for leaving and she feels like she was not important to him even though she is one of the most important things in his life.The writing for this film is one of the best parts of the film because Nicholas Sparks is an amazing writer . Nicholas Sparks writing is never something that disappoints . He gets you engaged so you fall in love with the characters . You are on the edge of your set till the very end of the film . His words are something that can touch anyone . If you are a romantic you will love the words that Ronnie and Will share . If you are into family values you will love the dynamic between Ronnie and her father . There is really something for everyone in the words of this film . The way that they play out the real emotions a break up would be life with someone you truly love is just something you want to believe in . All people even if they do n't believe in love would believe it after see this film and hearing the words that the characters speak.The main themes are forgiveness , heartbreak and love because they all connect in some way to most of the characters . Forgiveness is one of the themes in this film because Ronnie ends up making up with her father and realizing it really was n't his fault that everything fell apart in there family . She also realizes that he did n't leave her but instead he left her mom because he could n't stay in a loveless marriage . The other theme in this film is heartbreak and love , which tie together because on one hand Ronnie and Will fall in love and they are meant to be together but then there is the heartbreak when she finds out that Will set her father up to take the fall for the church fire even though it was his friends and his fault . He stood by and let Steve take the blame for everything . She really could n't stand by Will after that because she does n't like being lied to and knowing that her father took the blame for something that awful just made her hate him . Themes play a very big role in making this movie something that can touch everyone 's heart.The music plays a very important role in this film as well . Since Miley Cyrus is a world known singer she had a few songs in the film that related to her relationship with Will in the film . The songs really made the story line come alive and made it even more interesting to watch . There was other various artist used thought out the film but the best part was that all the music just made the film even more believable and more of something you want to watch . For example for the scene where Ronnie and Steve -LRB- her father -RRB- had there break through they used the perfect music to show the climax to that point . The film also used good young singers to show the film is about young love and of course the fight to keep that young love going . Another example is that when Ronnie first gets to town and she goes to the pier they play the perfect music that describes who she is at that point and how she does n't want to be there.In conclusion The Last Song is a must see movie that you will not regret paying for . It will become one movie that you will love and never grow old . The book by Nicholas Sparks has nothing on the film adaption and you will love every minute of it . I recommend you watch the film and I hope that it touch 's your heart like it did for me .
 LOVE LOVE LOVE This movie !! the book is amazing but the feelings you get through the movie is just awesome !! the love story is close to heart . Miley does an amazing job !!! Love Nicholas Sparks !!
 The Last Song is a story about a troubled teenage girl who is sent to spend the summer with her estranged father . The story centers around forgiveness , first love , and death . The emotions of this story have viewers reflecting on their lives and looking to see if they should take the time the to reach out to someone they have lost touch with that they love . The location of filming on Tybee Island Georgia is beautiful , you forget you are sitting in your home watching a movie and you are tranformed to the beach front . The soundtrack is well written and appropriate . The movie stars Miley Cyrus as Ronnie , Liam Hemsworth as Will , Bobby Coleman as Jonah , and Greg Kinnear as Steve . Greg Kinnear gives a wonderful emotional performance as Steve the father , you feel the pain on his face and in his words . Bobby Coleman gives a heartfelt performance beyond his years , when he cries their is not a dry eye . Liam Hemsworth is very down to earth and relaxed in his role as Will . Miley Cyrus lacks the drama to pull off such an important role as Ronnie . Her performance leaves the viewer demanding something more from her character . In the story Ronnie must forgive her father for the divorce from her mother and leaving New York to move to Georgia . Ronnie has shut out everyone in her life except her brother . She finds a boy and falls in love forgives her father . Her life is turning around until she learns her father is dying . Miley Cyrus needs a few more years of acting school before she can make a drama of this magnitude believable . Over all this movie is a wonderful family movie , it is rated PG for some violence , sensuality , and mild language . The lessons taught from this movie can help heal families that are estranged and bring them together .
 This movie includes Miley Cyrus who I am not a big fan of . But she really did a good job in this one . It is such a good movie and it is soooo worth the money in my Opinion !!!! &#128521; Hope this helped !!!
 My daughter , Kaytee bought this movie - The Last Song ... and has watched it probably 20 times since ! Her sister Karra loves it too !! They say how `` romantic '' it is , haha !!
 12 year old daughter liked it . Good wholesome family movie . I 'm forced to write six more words before sumbitting this .
 I bought this movie as a Christmas gift for my daughter - it 's one of her favorites . She was very happy with the gift and I was happy to get it for a great price with super fast shipping .
 Granddaughters favorite ! Love that she loves to read and had seen the movie and wanted to compare the book-not sure which was better
 A great and heart warming movie . A must see movie . Great for all ages and a good rainy day movie .
 This movie is very good . The plot of the movie does n't come out until almost the end of the movie , but its worth watching and Miley Cyrus does a wonderful job acting . Great choice in selection of a movie .
 this is one of my favorite movie , it is a tear jerker and a heartbreaking movie , i rate this a 10 plus
 This was a good movie.Good comuniation , and fast dellivery.This sight wants way to many words for a review
 I loooove this movie ! Great story with a wonderful cast . Plenty of angst and a really cute love story between the real life couple .
 I had been aching to see this movie again , and found it on amazon for so cheap ! Fast shipping and glad I purchased it on here : -RRB-
 One of my favorite movies of all time . I have every one hooked on it since I love it so much :-RRB- it 's become a cult classic for me ! And who just does n't love the dreamy liam hemsworth ? ; -RRB-
 I loved this movie !!! I did n't have high hopes for it at first because I 'm not a big Miley Cyrus fan , but she won me over with this movie !!! The only reason I wanted to watch this movie was because it 's based of a Nicholas Sparks book and I 'm a big fan of his work !!!
 My daughter and I are suckers for a love story . This movie provides several levels
 This is a situation where I read the book first . I know they ca n't put everything in a movie but there were some key scenes and secondary characters -LRB- and a few plot points -RRB- that were altered which probably worked to make the movie shorter , but those were the scenes that got me tearful in the book so I was a bit bummed they left them out . At any rate it 's still a good love story , but if you had to choose one , I say read the book . If I had n't read it I may have liked the movie more but I doubt it . There was so much depth to the novel and that was simply missing here . As far as acting goes , Miley did a great job , but I though Liam was the better actor of the two .
 they do such a good acting job , i love this movie all though im not a miley fan , but sometimes you have to overlook that and just enjoy the movie .
 MY FRIENDS DAUGHTER REQUESTED THIS MOVIE FOR HER B-DAY SO IGOT IT FOR HER . HER MOM SAYS SHE SITS IN HER ROOM AND HAS THE DVD PLAYER SAT ON REPEAT AND WATCHS IT OVER AND OVER SO I GUESS IF YOU A TEEN AGE GIRL YOU 'LL LOVE THIS MOVIE .
 Great movie ... another wonderful Nicholas Sparks story . This movie was shown at our club house and all the gals loved it .
 Bought this movie as a gift and was completely surprised that the movie was actually watchable . Much of the acting by Miley was terrible , however the story was actually pretty good . The movie should have been done from the perspective of the love that a parent as for their children even when the kids might act unlovable , but that 's my opinion . My daughter really liked the movie for the young man who plays the love interest for Miley .
 the begining it kind of `` eh ! '' ... but the end broke my herat and made me cry , such a amazing sweet movie !
 i think this was a great movie ... Miley cyrus does an amaing job & although it doesnt get to deep into the plot its still amazing , I mean what do you expect its a PG rated movie . i think this was a hit . The book was also amazing . Even though they are not exactly the same i like it . i mean then it would be really predictable ! Miley did a great job & i cant wait to see more of her work -LRB-
 I received the movie in the mail in a few days and had no problems at all with it . It came wrapped and was obviously new . Would highly recommend this dealer to anyone .
 I bought this DVD for my two older grand daughters who were avid fans of Miley Cyrus . There is a good story with `` food for thought '' along the way . Both girls liked the movie .
 This movie was very sweet and heartfelt . It was also very sad , I found it to be a little too upsetting for me , but it is still a wonderful movie . It is very interesting and really draws you in . All the actors in this movie are very talented and did a wonderful job . Miley Cyrus -LRB- Ronnie -RRB- and Liam Hemsworth -LRB- Will -RRB- had amazing on-screen chemistry and were very entertaining to watch . Greg Kinnear , who plays Ronnie 's father , was incredible . He could be funny or tear wrenching at just the right times , and do it perfectly . Bobby Coleman , who plays Ronnie 's little brother Jonah , is adorable and very talented . He was perfect for this movie and did an amazing job with his part . So I highly recommend this movie to everyone , but be prepared to cry . :-RRB- BubblesReviews.com Rating
 A good movie for teens who may think the world is a little unfair . I hope they get the message at the end of the movie ; it 's not always a fair place , realize and appreciate the good things in your life before it 's too late .
 I did n't know much about the movie before I watched it ; I thought it was just a love story -LRB- which it is -RRB- , but there is more to it with Greg Kinnear -LRB- but I wo n't give the ending away -RRB- . I 'm a big fan of author , Nicholas Sparks , from whose book this movie is based . A funny & tear-jerker , in my opinion ! A must see ...
 This is a fantastic movie that shares a love story in a way that you do n't have to be afraid of letting your kids go to it too . The movie tells the story of a girl whose parents are divorced and whose heart has become hardened not only to her father , but to life in general . After she and her brother are sent to spend the summer with her father , she discovers that she does n't know as much as she thought she did , nor is she as hardened to love as she 'd tried to be . When a complete stranger hits on her , they later fall in love , and she discovers how much he really cares . Also , she discovers how much her father loves his kids , as he is hiding a fatal illness and greatly longs to spend last moments with them . This is a must-see movie that you will find yourself relating to and laughing and crying with . A + + + !!!
 Now my nose is gon na be stuffed up for at least another hour . Yeah . It is a tear jerker . I had avoided this one because I 'm not a big fan of Miley Cyrus , but I will say I forgot who she was about 20 mins into the film . Yey!They did n't focus on her singing and performing too much and made her more of a piano player , but it was the very smallest of features . She really did a great job . The story was terrific and I did compare both of N.S 's films ... this one and `` Dear John '' and the other one does n't even come close . Dear John was very slow and I thought terrible , but this one is a first class winner.I had n't realized Greg Kinnear was in this and of course Kelly Preston who seems to pop up in every other movie in these small -LRB- but nice -RRB- roles.Fantastic story.Wonderfully made.I give best acting credits to the little kid that played Miley 's brother Jonah . Wow . He was amazing.There was n't one slow min of this movie at all . They really did a great job of telling a great story all the way down to the racoon and the baby turtles . Wayyyyyyy too cute . That 's all I 'm gon na say about that , except knowing me I 'd spend all those the nights at the beach to make sure they got to the ocean safely also ... : o -RRB- This is a family movie and everyone over 12 should see it . The little bit of piano music that is played throughout the film is beautiful . I even backed the track up to listen to it over again a couple of times before letting the movie continue.I gave it a complete five stars not because it was like Titanic , all mega budget and all , but because there was something for everyone . Everyone walks away from this with a little something extra and a lesson learned about love and forgiveness . Do n't miss this one .
 Do n't like any of the Hanna Montana songs or her early career . So went to this film expecting the worst . the film actually turned out well . Not a chick flick but more of a drama . Miley Cyrus did a pretty good job considering her goofy early dramatic and music work designed for popular appeal to certain kids . This film is actually interesting with good acting by the brother , father and the rest of the cast.This film had an interesting story and is the kind of film I would not have even gone to had there been anything in the theater I had not already seen . it actually could be liked by any age . I , personally , think that Miley Cyrus may change direction in her career . She recently took her real fathers name in an official name change . I expect that Miley will not follow in the footsteps of other Disney losers like Britney Speers and Lindsay Lohan . This film is a step in the right direction but her recent American Idol appearance was pretty bad . The film is worth seeing.Was the above review useful to you ?
 Very good story and good acting . It was sad at the end but a good love story for sure . I would recommend it to my friends .
 A rebellious teen -LRB- Cyrus -RRB- is determined to make her father 's summer misearble because he and her mother are divorced . She has exceptional talent as a pianist and was taught by her father to love music . Interaction with her co-star -LRB- Liam Hemsworth -RRB- leads to a summer romance that is quickly blossoming into much more . Just as it seems her life is making sense , her father collapses and is rushed to the hospital where she learns her father is actually dying . She does the right thing and decided to stay with him until his death . A split with her boyfriend leaves her sad and broken , but she will do nothing to mend the rift . The totally expected happens ... Dad dies , boyfriend returns and they make up and life goes on . The chemistry between Cyrus and Hemsworth gives at least some depth to their characters , but only vaguely . However , I did enjoy the move just because I believe in young love and the life lessons learned during those times . Greg Kinnear gives a credible performance as the Dad and is a very mellow man , insuiating , at least to me , that he once was a very differnt kind of man , husband and father and perhaps Cyrus ' rebellion is more understandable than first thought . I would watch it again just fo the chemistry between Cyrus and Hemsworth ... two very not young actors !
 I love this moive a lot !!!!! I love this moive a lot !!!!! I love this moive a lot !!!!! I love this moive a lot !!!
 Amazon Instant Video is always smooth and high quality . I 've never had a problem with streaming and I 'm always completely satisfied . Thank you !
 This movie was amazing . It shows young love like no other movie . It 's inspiring and lovely . I most definitely recommend it .
 This was such a cute movie . I really enjoyed it . It was sweet , gentle , hearbreaking , and lovely . Great love story !
 i wanted to see the movie and instead of renting them i like to shop an get my own my granddaughter likes miley cyrus
 This movie is very good and fun . I have lost count on how many times I have watched it . It keeps you interested and wanting to see more .
 Loved this movie on the big screen in spite of Miley Cyrus . She did a good job in this movie . So I had to buy the DVD so I could watch it again and again .
 i enjoyed every second of this movie . it was great storyline and it had my attention the whole time . it is a love story about a guy and a girl but also the relationship that need to be fixed between a father and daughter . it was emotional and this is the first movie that made me cry . i see this movie a lot . i think its the movie i watch at least six times a week . i never get bored of this movie and i think i never will . i even have the book and both of them are great . WATCH THIS MOVIE
 It 's a great movie that deals with the impact to kids of divorce and death . Miley Cyrus was fabulous in this movie ... guessing she was able to play ` herself ' . The scenery was perfect , and the supporting actors/actresses were great as well . I could watch this movie over and over again . The only thing that would have made it better is if Miley got to sing in the movie .
 This is one of the best movies ever !!! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth go together so great !!! I love this movie !!
 i loved the book !!!! even though i love the movie i think the book is even better . either way both are very good
 What made this movie great for me was how much I could relate to the story . Miley Cyrus may not be the best actress but she manages to create this atmosphere of emotion completely surrounding you . Its impossible to watch this movie and not tear up at least once . Admittedly this story is a cl&iacute;che but who cares . All that matters is that is worth seeing and for those who based the movie rating on mileys past should understand that she engulfs herself in a project leaving you wondering is this the same girl I saw on the news hitting the bong . Basically you should watch it with a neutral feeling towards Cyrus you 'll enjoy the movie more !
 This movie was probably one of the best movies i have seen in a long time . Although if you are emotional you might have a hard time getting through some of the sad scenes in this movie , but for me i LOVED it !
 This is a wonderful story along the same line as Nicholas Spark tales . I greatly enjoyed it and would heartily recommend it to anyone ! Anyone , that is , that enjoys a `` chick '' flick !
 This movie was like `` whoa '' in my mind . After the opening credits , I was like `` whoa '' ! Afterward , I hit pause to get myself some popcorn . I did n't have a bowl so I just spilled the popcorn all over my shirt and ate it off my stomach . Anyway , as I was eating the popcorn , I was like `` whoa '' this movie is good . I 'm not usually into action-drama/comedy 's but this movie tackles every genre . When the main character was running from someone , I was like `` whoa '' and how the heck did they think of this action scene . I usually do n't compare apples or oranges but this scene reminded me of when Forest Gump was running from someone . After the movie ended , I was like `` whoa '' because my mind was blown . It was like the director shoved a blow dryer in my mind . I hope they make a sequel so the get `` whoaed '' all over again .
 A lot of people do n't really like this movie but I certainly love it so I just had to buy and I came to the right place ! Amazon was quick and easy to use . I just received it today and I 'm happy with the quality . This movie may not be to many people 's liking but I thought that the movie was rather cute , romantic and sad . I was a little skeptical at first because I do n't like Family Channel actors and actresses but after watching it for the first time I fell in love . Miley Cyrus did a good job for playing a role other than Hannah Montana even though you can still see a little bit of that Miley tone in her from the show on t.v but overall I thought it was very well done .
 i loved it ! it was so dramatic ! i love dramas ! it mad me cry . every time i watch it i cry ! its so sad . i love it !!!!
 The movie was a birthday gift for my daughter . It was requested by her . It arrived quickly and undamaged . She loved the movie , and of course I loved the ease of shopping through amazon !
 I loved this movie . It was better than I hoped for . It arrived in great condition . It is a movie to remember .
 I watched this movie out of sheer boredom . It was being shown on one of the premium movie channels on cable.I did n't have high hopes for this movie , and it had already been on for nearly 20 minutes before I came across it.The story line , although somewhat like `` Life As A House '' with Kevin Kline ... starts with 2 youngsters being shipped off to their dad 's house on the beach for the summer.The mother , played by Kelly Preston . Has very few lines in the movie , that are fairly forgetable . Has moved on and is planning to marry the new guy in her life . The father is played by Greg Kinnear . Who in my opinion gives a great performance . His character seems real , and believable.The biggest surprise in this movie was Miley Cyrus ' performance . I was actually impressed.I bought the movie ... simply so I could see it in it 's entirety.In anycase . As to not spoil it for someone who intends to watch it.This movie is one of those bittersweet , tear jerkers . The main focus is ofcourse the teen romance ... but there is a bigger story underneath.I recommend this movie for a mother / teen daughter movie night .
 This movie is a very good movie . It is sad in places and happy in others but has a very good story line and good ending
 It was a very good movie . I had seen it on TV and decided I wanted a copy of my own
 I Love Nicholas Sparks ! I read the book first and loved it and I loved the movie as well ! Not a huge fan of Miley , but story line was great !
 I had seen this movie on PPV and like it so much wanted the DVD . I not a Miley fan but she did a great job and Liam they make a great young couple . Of course it did n't hurt I like Greg K. also .
 I read all of Nicholas Sparks books . This movie is true to the book and is very well acted by Miley Cyrus as well as the rest of the cast . Be prepared and have a box of Kleenex by your side though . It is a beautiful story .
 I REALLY ENJOYED THIS MOVIE . SOMETHING THAT I CAN WATCH , OVER AND OVER AGAIN . THANKS .
 Loved this story . A teenage girl lost and confused finds her worth and direction in caring for her ill father . It was exciting to see the healing take place and maturity to begin . A wonderful book for teenage and beyond . Many good principles and lessons to gain .
 A touching story about a father and daughter find each other after many years after the parents have divorce . Realizing that it was time to forget and forgive each other for the many years of hatred by the daughter .
 movie was very good even though I do n't like romance movie . good movie to buy and watch .
 The Last Song is a fabulous movie . I do n't think any Nicholas Sparks movie will ever disappoint , but this one is definitely a keeper . Ronnie and her younger brother go to stay with their father for the summer . With their parents newly divorced , Ronnie is anything but thrilled with the idea of spending time with him . When she meets a young man , her mind starts to change . When she finds out her dad is dying ... it really changes . She goes from a somewhat snotty teenage girl to a loving daughter who chooses to stay with her father until the end so he does n't have to die alone.I have to admit my daughter dragged me to the movie because Miley Cyrus was in it , but she did an excellent job filling the role and giving life to a beautifully written story . I recommend the movie for all ages , just do n't forget to grab yourself a box of tissues when you sit down to watch!By Kerri J. BusteedAuthor of Will 's First HuntWill 's First Hunt
 hi my name is Sacha , this was the best movie ever !!! and it was almost exactly like the book , -LRB- the book was awsome by the way -RRB- i would totally recomend this to anyone !
 At first I did n't wo n't to see Miley Cyrus in some teenage romance story . But it happen to be good . And I enjoyed it . What is sad is she is going down Lindsay Lohan path which is very disturbing . But all in all the movie was really good and it was sad that her dad dies in the movie . Buy it or rent or check it out at your local library . I just hope she remember what it is like to be a good star and do n't had down the path of corruption . -LRB- that 's another story . -RRB- But a must see film .
 Great movie , you laugh , you cry and them you watch it again . I know Miley got some bad reviews when this movie first came out but I think she did a great job . Considering the slapstick Hannah Montana acting she has been doing since she was 12y this was a great first attempt into drama . The other actors are also great . Greg and Bobby were great , really looking forward to seeing more of Bobby in the future . Now truly the best part of this movie was Liam Hemsworth . Great actor , he did a phenomenol job with his accent . He is going to be big . Loved the chemistry between the two .
 I read some poor reviews on this movie so I expected the worst . However , this movie was great and Miley did a great job . What a tear jerker : -RRB-
 I said it was AMAZING when I saw it in theatres , and now that I own it it is even more amazing . This movie will truly make you appreciate what you have . Also , GOOD WORK MILEY !
 This movie was great , Miley is a rising star so give here a break its her first movie . Movie 's are diffrent then Hannah Montana . Me and my family love the movie and watched 10 times . The book was great just like the movie . This is a unquie movie so go buy it !!!
 I have to say - I only watched this movie because it had Greg Kinnear in it . It turned out to be a nice little movie - a couple things were a bit hard to believe -LRB- the kids finishing the stained glass window for instance -RRB- but overall a nice family movie.Miley Cyrus has a bit of way to go as an actress - but she did pretty well . But the male leads in the movie were just outstanding ! Greg Kinnear turned in an elegant , understated performance and Liam Hemsworth and Bobby Coleman lit up the screen -LRB- ca n't wait for more from these two ! -RRB- . Sorry , but Kelly Preston just is so incredibly boring to watch , she was the negative here for me .
 Sparks wrote the Screenplay as well as the Novel to `` The Last Song '' for Miley , whenever he pictured Ronnie in his own mind , he saw Miley . So as much as some people almost `` beg '' for Miley Cyrus to be replaced with someone else for the main role as Veronica `` Ronnie '' Miller , it would n't have happened - When will people ever learn that?Miley did n't get casted for this movie , she was SET for `` Ronnie '' in the very beginning - in fact the Novel would n't even exist without her , since the Book is based on the Movie for once and not the other way around , as it 's usually the case - The Screenplay was written and the final cut fell before the actual Novel itself got finished.So people who praise the Book , but abandon the Movie , just because Miley Cyrus and YES , NOT someone else `` scored '' the lead role in it , are quite clueless - Again , Miley is the reason why `` The Last Song '' even exists - as a Movie AND as a Novel.Seriously , Sparks ca n't write the Screenplay AND the Novel for and with her in mind and the final movie-result itself would feature someone else in the main role , it 's a no go and it 's not going to happen . So if you like it or not , No Miley means No `` The Last Song '' - Her calls and her passion for Sparks 's Books alone made both things possible.Of course the Book is more detailed , depper written and features more character developement/feelings , but what do you expect ? - alone the unabridged Audiobook to `` The Last Song '' for example is nearly 12h long , while the Movie itself `` lasts '' 1:48 and again , it was finished BEFORE the actual Novel - Try to keep that in mind people.Anyways , `` The Last Song '' is a very nice Movie , having it 's ups and downs and is in any case worth buying it on Blu-Ray/DVD for your Home-collection - The chemistry between Miley and Liam is wonderful and couldnt go any deeper -LRB- no wonder , since they are a couple in real life as well :p -RRB- and the rest of the cast does a wonderful job also , as this movie has simply a bit of everything.It can make you laugh , it can make you smile and it can bring you to tears - It 's not a 5 star Master-piece and yes , i think it is a little bit too short with just a runtime of about 108 Minutes , compared to how thick the Novel actually is ... however , it is one of the best Movies that i have seen in the Romance/Drama genre since quite a few years and therfor worth 4 good stars . Simply spoken , a well done and enjoyable thing to watch after all.And unlike some in here , i see no minus in Miley Cyrus taking the main part in it . She plays `` Ronnie '' well -LRB- while playing is n't the right word , since she actually IS Ronnie -RRB- and proves that the early `` Hannah Montana '' days are long gone - if you people ca n't -LRB- or do n't want to -RRB- see that , your loss and YES , people with a `` Anti-Miley '' flick should NOT watch , NOR review `` The Last Song '' , as they wo n't be happy and pleased with what they will see .
 just over all good movie . I would love now to read the book because I heard the book is even better than the movie . You wo n't be disappointed with this movie .
 This is an excellent movie . It is more for girls than boys . I recommend this movie for others to have .
 The Last SongI found it to be a very nice story of young love and romance . Entertaining and enjoyable . It wo n't let me submit this and this will probably all disappear.This review does not work
 Totally love this movie . And glad I got it . For such a great price , and fabulous service too . Was here faster then i expected .
 I picked this movie because I saw it on tv and did n't get to watch all of it . I would recommend this to anyone . I did n't like that it had no boppers or extra scenes , other than that it was good .
 This movie was really cute with teenie bopper romance but also touching . I would recommend if you like romance & drama . If I told you any more , I would be giving away the movie .
 love this DVD daughter brought hers for me to watch so i have to get a copy my self watch all the time when bored .
 great story and Miley Cyrus was exceptional she acted the part with out faultwell recommended , very happy with the purchase
 This is a great movie for the family to watch . A little sad in the end , . but it has a great story line behind it . Would say this is a movie the whole family can watch together on family night .
 Magnum Force is the second of the five Dirty Harry films . Originally a sequel to Clint Eastwood 's 1971 classic was not planned , but overwhelming feedback -LRB- including reallife San Francisco graffiti pleading , `` Dirty Harry , we need you -RRB- persuaded Warner Brothers and Malpaso to go ahead.What becomes clear almost from the beginning is that this will not be a film with the exact same mentality of the first . Aside from the fact that the atmospheric photography and direction of the first have been replaced by more conventional -LRB- but still enticing -RRB- photography and direction -LRB- here by Ted Post -RRB- , as well as a tougher textured score by Lalo Schifrin , Magnum Force also backs away from the unrestrainted anti-crime viewpoint of the first film , noting the shades of gray that inevitably appear in the battle against crime.It is first shown in the film 's opening , as businessman/mobster Carmine Ricca -LRB- a superb Richard Devon -RRB- is acquitted of a particularly vicious murder on a bogus technicality - a fact that brings out near-violent demonstrators . A traffic policeman pulls Ricca 's limo over for crossing a double line , but as the driver disguestedly gets his license back , the cop unholsters his .357 and blasts the men within the vehicle.Harry and his new partner , Earlington `` Early '' Smith - excellently played by Felton Perry , but I find his listed date of birth in 1955 hard to believe , as he would have only been 18 in the film 's 1973-4 time period - drive by the sight as the new bane of Harry 's life , Lt. Neil Briggs -LRB- Hal Holbrook playing the smarmy angle to the nth degree -RRB- , leads the check of the crime scene . Briggs orders Harry back to the stakeout squad - which Harry pointedly notes Briggs was instrumental in making possible - but instead Harry 's lunch date with an ex-homicide man at an airport lunchcounter becomes a great foiled hijacking scene.Harry then meets another old friend , burned out cop Charlie McCoy -LRB- Mitchell Ryan -RRB- , who has tried to kill himself and has left his wife Carol and their kids . Harry is deeply disturbed by his friend 's turn in life , but he puts it aside enough to witness shooting practice by four rookie traffic cops , led by John Davis -LRB- David Soul in the role that may have been instrumental in getting the Starsky & Hutch role two years later -RRB- . The recently departed Robert Urich is among the rookies , noting to Harry that being a cop on the streets wo n't pay off if one ca n't shoot well.The traffic cop then blasts a houseful of a mobster 's pool party , while Harry and Early pull off a brilliant store ambush of four gunmen who 've targeted the place before . When a prostitute -LRB- Margaret Avery of the later `` Harry O '' series -RRB- is force-fed drain cleaner in a cab by her pimp -LRB- Albert Popwell -RRB- , the traffic cop targets the pimp - given the genuinely revolting aspect of the scene it is hardly surprising.But it is the final straw for the SFPD , as Briggs and Captain Avery reassign Harry and Early to homicide . Harry and Early 's check of the pimp 's obscenely expensive car feeds into Harry a suspicion about the killer 's identity , and Harry objects when Briggs has him tail mobster Frank Palancio while Harry 's close pal Frank DiGeorgio stakes out across from the penthouse of mobster Lou Guzman . The traffic cop then strikes , killing Guzman and his two 20-something boy-and-girltoys - but then he kills Charlie McCoy , and his true identity becomes known to the audience.When Briggs orders a mass-arrest of mobsters beginning with Palancio , Harry asks that John Davis and another rookie traffic cop , Phil Sweet , be his backup . But everything goes wrong when Palancio gets word of the raid and a gunfight erupts - and Palancio 's place is found to be clean.Now the truth about the mob killings comes out in a bullet taken from McCoy 's body , and Harry himself becomes the target of the killer - and also the least expected ally possible , and in the process we see that , while Harry may hate The System , he knows that it is still what seperates civilization from barbarians .
 `` Magnum Force '' is a great film , but not as good as the original `` Dirty Harry . '' `` Magnum Force '' is definitly better than the last three `` Dirty Harry '' movies -LRB- `` The Enforcer , '' `` Sudden Impact , '' and `` The Dead Pool '' -RRB- . Vigilante rookie cops are killing the top criminals of San Francisco . The only things that keeps this one from being equal to `` Dirty Harry '' is the style in which it was filmed in and the script . The locations in San Francisco were not used as well and the script is just a bit mediocre , though still good . Still , this is an entertaining movie and it also has a political side to it . It tells that even though Harry Callahan does break some rules to get justice served , he still is not a vigilante , and still vows to ` uphold the law . ' The villain is Lieutenant Briggs -LRB- Hal Holbrook -RRB- and though he is a good villain , he 's not as good as Scorpio -LRB- from the original -RRB- . If you 're a Clint Eastwood fan , like me , and have not seen this , I highly recommend you see or get this , and all of his other movies .
 It is true that no other Dirty Harry sequel is better than the first but this would have to be the second best . Harry is back and this time he is taking on motorcycle cops who want to rid the city of crime even more than Harry Callahan , but they break the law in order to get results . This movie has a lot more action than the first and is more brutal , but it does n't have the drama of the first one . This movie would be excellent for anyone who likes a good shoot 'em up action movie . Also for movie score buffs , check out the music in the opening credits , pretty jazzy stuff by Lalo Schifrin .
 It is rare that a sequel is as good or better than an original but in our second episode of Dirty Harry `` Magnum Force '' , the movie holds up . I would n't say it 's better than the first one but it moves faster . There 's less dead end subplots because Harrys character has been established . We now know why everybody calls him Dirty Harry ? This was asked time after time in the first movie . Clint Eastwood now battles a surly superior Lt.Briggs -LRB- Holbrook -RRB- who takes Harry off homiside because he believes Harry 's a loose cannon . Problem with Briggs is the viewer does n't like him , nor should they . An early scene may fool you as to who is doing all the killing of the criminals in San Francisco.The movie is well written but Dirty Harry does n't seem so Dirty as he is almost emotionally overwhelmed and vulnerable as a friend becomes insane and then murdered . Harry is also bewildered at who the villan -LRB- s -RRB- are . A real Dirty Harry Ending wins back his tough as nails character . Not technically shot as well as the first one but the script is better written . Many actors of the late70 's and 80 's get they 're start here . David Soul , Robert Urich and Tim Matheson have principal roles . Magnum Force after Dirty Harry is a must see !
 A great story and action that really keeps your attention . Harry meets up against a crooked police chief -LRB- portrayed to a T by Hal Holbrook -RRB- and some young , slick crooked renegade rookie cops -LRB- David Soul , Kip Niven , Robert Urick and Tim Matheson -RRB- . The last half hour is very intense featuring a chase , a search-and-kill on a merchant ship and the final blow-out on the dock . One-by-one the cops get their due justice-Harry style !
 Not a bad way to spend an hour and forty minutes . It 's definetley a hard to swallow premise , but hey that 's what movies are for . With violence and humor , this movie excels at both . It 's got some great scenes and Eastwood is great . Great finale .
 Lalo Schifrin 's soundtrack is more funkier than Dirty Harry . It also showed that Harry is n't a mindless `` shoot first , ask questions later '' cop as he questions the intentions of the rogue cops . Excellent acting all around .
 Harry Callahan is back in this follow up to Dirty Harry . Callahan takes on a vigilante squad within the city 's police force . Even though it is n't as good as it 's predecessor it 's still a top class thriller.Eastwood is excellent as usual .
 This was one of the movies from the action packed `` Dirty Harry '' movies starring our perennial hero Clint Eastwood . In this movie a group of policemen decide to take the law into their own hands . Numerous individuals from the crime world of San Francisco are executed by this vigilant squad . After investigations by Dirty Harry he finally figures out who is behind the vigilante efforts . Dirty Harry and the vigilante policemen have a final showdown with guns blazing . This was another good installment to the Dirty Harry movies . This was also exciting as were the other Dirty Harry movies . This movie was both entertaining and exciting . Be sure to see it .
 `` Magnum Force '' is the best of the original three Dirty Harry movies -LRB- the others being `` Dirty Harry '' and `` The Enforcer '' -RRB- . The original `` Dirty Harry '' is a minor classic urban police drama , but this movie has a better plot and more gravitas as a result.I love the opening credits with the hand holding the legendarySmith and Wesson blued model 29 .44 magnum long barrel revolver.It is no longer `` the most powerful handgun in the world '' , but it will certainly stop anything a police officer wouldneed to stop.The music , cinematography , and acting are excellent.It is every bit as good as the the first film in that respectand much better in others.I think that the acting is better , the story-tellingrelies less on the novelty of Inspector Harry Callahanof San Francisco Homicide Division 's personalityand relies less on exploiting the pop culture politicsof it 's time -LRB- early 1970 's -RRB- while retaining a definite place in that time.It stands the test of time better than the other two.There is a vigilante on the loose , someone Harry , who has no problem with shooting `` as long as the right people get shot '' , might be thought to have some spiritual kinship with.The vigilante is not enforcing the law or defending the innocent , but rather executing known hard-core law-breakers , people who are arguably guilty of crimes deserving of death.The vigilantes are police officers , four of them , convinced that their actions are justified becausethe courts are not doing their job to protect the peopleand preserve social order.This is a great set-up for an interesting studyof the nature of crime and justiceand the somewhat subtle difference in one aspectand vast difference in another betweenInspector Callahan 's methods and those of the vigilantes.The weakness in the plot is that the death squad vigilantesalso murder innocent people as well , accepting them as collateral damage that their missionmight continue unhindered.This subverts the argument about the difference betweencivil law enforcement and vigilantism that makes the movieintellectually interesting because the `` vigilantes `` are now simply mass-murderers and there is no questionthat they are harmful and must be stopped.Too bad , but not too too bad because the movie still remainsa great action movie with some very scary villainsthat Inspector Callahan must deal with.I think you can guess how he deals with them , but surprisingly , without his .44 Magnum or any gun.Great police drama and great action moviewith a 70 's thing going on : cars , music , hair styles and clothes.Highly recommended .
 MAGNUM FORCE is a direct sequel to DIRTY HARRY and subsequently the second film in the DIRTY HARRY series consisting of 5 films . To digress , those 5 films somehow never truly seemed like a series , but an initial film followed by one sequel after another . As a direct sequel , MAGNUM FORCE is a complete inversion of its predecessor . Instead of justifying his actions that appear to go beyond the law , Harry finds himself on the other side of the fence bringing in those law enforcement people who have truly overstepped their authority in a rather brutal fashion . These maverick officers seem to think Harry methods are too conservative to the agenda they have aligned to . This is not a bad film , but it seems too implausible -LRB- even given that it was scripted by John Milius and Michael Cimino -RRB- a plot and is orchestrated in rather lackluster fashion under Ted Post 's direction when compared to Don Siegel 's DIRTY HARRY . An early scene aboard the airliner shows Harry in true form and is probably the best scene in the film along with the dramatic handgun competition . Even with an impeccable cast that included Hal Holbrook , Tim Matheson , David Soul and Robert Urich and an over the top score by composer Lalo Schifrin , I still prefer some of the following Dirty Harry films to this somewhat experimental approach to justify Harry 's persona and unique approach to getting the job done in today 's society .
 I remember some flabby , flatulent critic once insisting that `` they '' never should have made a sequel to DIRTY HARRY . Of course , if `` they '' had listened to dear ole Roge , not only would n't the `` Make my day ! '' tagline have entered into pop culture history , we would n't have the diamond in the rough that is MAGNUM FORCE.It 's rare that a sequel is better than the original , and I suppose a large number of people would say that it 's blasphemy for me to even suggest that MAGNUM FORCE is better than its predecessor . But that 's how I feel . This is one brutally beautiful action-cop movie , and one which asks pretty provocative questions , such as , Are there lines even Dirty Harry wo n't cross ? And what separates a cop willing to break the law to see justice done from cops who believe justice can only be done by breaking the law?MAGNUM FORCE opens with the brutal slaughter of a crooked labor leader and his entourage , moments after the murder charges against them have been thrown out on a legal technicality . Lt. Briggs -LRB- Hal Holbrook -RRB- believes this to be the product of a gangland war , but it seems to Harry Callahan -LRB- Clint Eastwood -RRB- that something much more sinister is going on . Either way , the city 's criminal element soon falls prey to a killer , or killers , who are dressed up like San Fransisco motorcycle cops ; and who gun down every crook in their path , from mob bosses to pimps.As one character quips , observing a morgue bursting with the corpses of murdered hoodlums , `` Somebody 's trying to put the courts out of business ! `` It 's difficult to delve too deeply into the plot without giving away its various surprises , but suffice to say Harry begins to suspect his old friend Charlie McCo -LRB- Mitch Ryan -RRB- , a hoodlum-hating motorcycle cop `` who is ready for the rubber gun squad '' , while Briggs insists that it must be psychopathic mobster Frank Polancio -LRB- Tony Giorgio -RRB- , dressing his men in cop regalia . In the background is Harry 's latest long-suffering partner , Early Smith -LRB- Felton Perry -RRB- , and four idealistic motorcycle cops whose gung-ho attitude pleases and impresses Harry , but which may also be hiding darker motives.MAGNUM FORCE is first and foremost an action movie , and there is enough violence to fill two or three ordinary films . Indeed , the graphic brutality and sadism that marks not merely this whole franchise but most movies shot in the late 60s through the late 70s is in full force here . Heads burst apart like melons , naked women are machine gunned , a prostitute is murdered by being forced to swallow a whole can of drain cleaner , a gigolo is riddled with bullets as he begs for mercy , a man is beaten to death in one of the most unpleasantly realistic hand-to-hand kill sequences I 've ever seen ... on and on . All of this is redeemed , however , by an effective script , hard-edged performances , spooky music and lush cinematography that makes full use of the lovely geography and architecture of San Fransico . The cast is so laden with talent it 's almost silly -LRB- the careers of Mitch Ryan , David Soul , Tim Matheson and Robert Urich were all more or less kicked off by the film -RRB- , and the screenplay , written by John Milius and Michael Cimino , is surprisingly willing to explore the inevitable end to vigilante justice , which is the murder of innocent -- but inconvenient - people . As Harry himself says towards the film 's climax , `` Where does it end ? ''
 It is interesting that a professional critic did not like this movie , a film that I think is excellent . I believe that this shows again that critics look for things that do not interest the general public . The plot , acting , drama , and suspense are good . There are several good action vignets that are not directly related to the film , but are designed to show us the character and fearlessness of Dirty Harry . The film leads us to believe that Harry is the villian . Even when we learn who are the real killers , we do not know who is leading them until the end .
 This is Dirty Harry at his best . Clint Eastwood is playing one of his best roles as an actor . I recommend this movie to anyone who like 's action movies or just Clint Eastwood .
 Harry Callahan returns in this sequel which lives up to the Dirty Harry Movie , In this second tour de force you have Harry pursuing some `` Vigilante '' or `` Vigilantes '' -LRB- you have to see the movie -RRB- , there still is action and Eastwood at his Best . Of Course you ca n't never up Dirty Harry -LRB- The 1st one -RRB- but it is still a great movie !
 I originally saw Magnum Force in the theatres and I remember the whole audience applauding after the title sequence . I knew I was in for a good movie . For starters , it 's got he highest body count of all the Dirty Harry movies , and do n't forget to check out a young Suzanne Somers getting an engagement ring and then taking her top off at the pool party scene . What 's not to like?Visually , it really is n't as artistic a film as the original Dirty Harry , for instance there is n't all the Christian imagery suggesting Harry as San Francisco 's avenging angel . This movie is a sequel , but it 's top-notch and has a really great script . Michael Cimino went on to make The Deer Hunter -LRB- and then kill United Artists with Heaven 's Gate -RRB- I liked Lalo Schaffrin 's score for this film better , it 's a little more cohesive and powerful , but still follows the mold set-up with Dirty Harry.I have no problems with the quality of the picture or sound on the Blu-ray disk , it 's just like watching it in the theatre . If you like cop flicks or action flicks you need to add this to your collection . So many movies `` borrowed '' from the Dirty Harry movies over the years , these movies are a must now that they have been restored .
 The follow up to DIRTY HARRY is also a response to the critics who charged Eastwood and Don Siegel with being fascist . In MAGNUM FORCE the bad guys are a team of rogue cops who dispensing vigilante justice on the criminals of Sodom by the Bay -LRB- aka San Francisco -RRB- . Harry 's foil this time is Hal Hoolbrook as Lt Briggs and a team of rookie cops that include David Soul , Tim Matheson , Kip Niven and Robert Urich . John Mitchum -LRB- brother of Robert -RRB- returns as Frank degeorgio and look for Albert Popwell -LRB- the banker robber in DH , `` I got 's to know ! '' -RRB- as a pimp with a new use for drain cleanerand Mitchell Ryan as a red herring . Not as good as the original , still an entertaining ride . Nice finale at the ship graveyard . Scripted by John Milius and Michael Cimmeno and with a score by Lalo Schiffrin .
 I rarely give 5 stars , but this is one movie that deserves it ! MAGNUM FORCE is my favorite Dirty Harry movie , and my favorite Eastwood film overall . After the smashing success of the classic Siegel film in 1971 , Eastwood continued with this sequal in 1973 , and it does not disappoint . Ted Post , who directed the TV series RAWHIDE where Eastwood started his acting career , takes the director 's chair here . While most sequals usually are not as good , I consider MAGNUM FORCE to be the most interesting of the entire Dirty Harry series , and for good reason.The plot is well-developed with a series of odd murders taking place over San Francisco . The top criminals of the city are the victims , but who are the killers ? As Eastwood eventually finds out , the killers are closer to him than he thinks ; they carry a badge just like him ! Rookie motorcycle cops are relentlessly killing any criminal that escapes the courts . This Evil For Evil tactic is one that Harry would surely side with . Unfortunately he has sworn to protect the system he works for , no matter what . In the first movie , Harry is against the system , and was portrayed as a fascist by the critics . Ted Post did a good job of reversing this with MAGNUM FORCE . Here , Harry is protecting the system from the vigilantes that represent him from the first movie . The result is a startling puzzle that Harry puts together through instinct , determination , and patience.In true Dirty Harry tradition , he busts a gang of crooks in the beginning , a group of plane hijackers by posing as the pilot.Hal Holbrook plays Lt. Briggs , the greying boss of Harry who puts him in stakeout to keep him out of trouble . But Harry works his way back over to homicide and is soon on thr trail of the murders . When his good friend Charlie McCoy is killed , and the only witness is a rookie cop , he begins to investigate . Who is behind it all ? I wo n't give that away.This film has its share of comedy and lust , including Eastwood having a stand with Adele Yoshioka , an attractive Asian that lives in his apartment . Ted Post wanted to show the personal side of Dirty Harry here to counter the critics ' opinions . Suzanne Sommers of THREE 'S COMPANY makes a cameo appearance here as the girl that shows off her ring and removes her top in the pool ! Too bad she gets all shot up . Eastwood does n't seem to talk with as much venom in this one as he did in the first movie , and some say this film has more comedy then action . Ironically the critics that said Eastwood was too violent in the first movie , said that he was n't violent enough in this one ! Go figure.The high-speed chase at the end is exciting with Harry running for his life from the vigilante cops . The ending is startling , with a new one liner , `` A man 's got to know his limitations . '' This was the first Clint Eastwood movie I obtained and have enjoyed it for years . It will satisfy any police action movie buff . For an Eastwood fan , it is a must ! No limitations here !
 I 'd say this film is well worth 10 bucks . The storyline is good and the action sequences are fun to watch . Also , the scene with Eastwood pretending to be a pilot was classic . Hal Holbrook does a good job of ... well , watch the movie and find out .
 I have watched and enjoyed all of the `` Dirty Harry '' flicks , and they are all pretty good . This one is the best of the lot . The casting is superb , the story is interesting and fast-moving , and at all times this film holds the viewer 's attention . Eastwood was born to play Inspector Callahan , and it is always a treat to watch one of these films . Hal Holbrook , as Harry 's nemesis police lieutenant -LRB- will this series ever show a police lieutenant who is not a jerk ? -RRB- is excellent . The actors comprising the supporting cast , including David Soul and others , are also very good.An excellent film that all fans of Clint Eastwood will want to own and enjoy . RJB .
 This picture was released on December 25 1973 starring Clint Eastwood as Inspector Harry Callahan , Hal Holbrook as Lt Neil Briggs and Mitch Ryan as Officer Charlie McCoy . Harry gets involved when people that are taken to jail and then release start to show up dead . While detective Dirty Harry Callahan is no great friend of civil liberties , he is dead set against wholesale murder as a solution to legal loopholes . Discovering that the same weapon has committed all the killings , Now Callahan has to find out who the owner of the gun is . This movie was the second of the Dirty Harry films , three additional Dirty Harry installments
 Clint Eastwood still at his iconic best and some great talents involved front and behind camera . Much closer to the classic first film than the diminishing returns of the rest of the series when Harry disappointingly changed from almost super hero to just another cop . Other fans may not agree but for this reviewer the first two movies are the cream of the crop !!
 This is the second of five `` Dirty Harry '' films in which Eastwood stars as a San Francisco police detective . By the time the last appeared -LRB- The Dead Pool in 1988 -RRB- , Eastwood had aged and times had changed but Callahan 's non-negotiable values and unorthodox methods had remained essentially the same . In this film , directed by Ted Post with a screenplay co-authored by directors John Milius -LRB- e.g. Conan the Barbarian -RRB- and Michael Cimino -LRB- e.g. . The Deer Hunter -RRB- , the essential premise is that the same legal systems and law enforcement systems to which Callahan so strongly objects have encouraged others to become vigilantes , four of whom serve as police officers under the direct supervision of Lieutenant Briggs -LRB- Hal Holbrook -RRB- . They target and assassinate those whom the `` system '' has failed to keep off the streets . Of course , Callahan has no sympathy whatsoever for those eliminated . However , he is uncomfortable with the vigilantes ' methods -LRB- if not their motives -RRB- and with what the ancient Greeks -- but not Callahan -- would characterize as their hubris . Eventually , there is the inevitable and obligatory confrontation with them . -LRB- Guess who wins ? -RRB- Those who enjoy this film should also check out The Brotherhood of the Bell -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , Death Wish -LRB- 1974 -RRB- , and The Star Chamber -LRB- 1983 -RRB- in which Holbrook also appeared .
 I consider ` Magnum Force ' to be one of the better entries in the ` Dirty Harry ' canon - the concept of our beloved anti-hero actually defending the system he does n't always care for against a ruthless group of rogue vigilante cops appealed to me . Oh yeah , and a good amount of head-shots did n't hurt , either . However , there was one drawback about the second DH movie
 As stated in the original tagline for the first Dirty Harry film , `` you do n't assign Dirty Harry to cases ... you just turn him loose . '' Like the first film , and the third movie `` the Enforcer '' released three years later , `` Magnum Force '' clearly recaptures the raw , brutal , and explosive elements of the first film . Clint Eastwood is definately at his best as San Francisco Police Inspector `` Dirty '' Harry Francis Callahan . Along with Hal Holbrook , who plays Harry 's supervisor -LRB- with a hidden agenda that is revealed in a unique plot twist -RRB- , David Soul , Robert Urich , Tim Matheson , and Kentucky native Mitchell Ryan , Magnum Force begins with the mysterious shooting of a mobster and his men at the hands of a traffic cop . From that point on , four traffic cops kill off various criminals who have either gotten off lightly or slipped through the system due to a technical loophole . Loosely translated , these four traffic cops are putting the courts and legal systems out of business . Harry and his new partner uncover the mystery , and are soon deemed a threat by the vigilante policemen . Soon , it becomes a major confrontation between Harry and the vigilantes . Even though Harry hates the system and he can empathize with the vigilantes , he is still sworn to uphold the law . As Harry states near the end of the movie , `` Until someone comes up with some changes that make better sense , I 'll stick with the system ! `` This definately the best out of all the Dirty Harry films . For 1973 , this movie was just as controversial and violent as the first movie . However , it does strike a nerve and makes a very serious point . You can not help but understand where the vigilantes are coming from . If the legal and judicial system worked as well as it should , there would be no need for the police officers to deliver their own brand of justice . Particularly star-chamber justice . However , one has to admit that star-chamber justice would definately cut down and reduce criminal activities . More than likely , cut it down to the bone . This film definately hits on some social issues and really brings out the message that it is conveying . If you enjoy the Dirty Harry films , or the works of Clint Eastwood , then you will enjoy Magnum Force.Not only will you be entertained ... you will also be wishing that your local police department dealt with criminals the same way as the traffic cops did in this powerful masterpiece .
 `` Magnum Force '' is a good sequel to `` Dirty Harry '' but does n't achieve the iconic status of that film . It 's quite ambitious to tackle the issue of vigilanteism particularly when it deals with rogue police officers but I do n't think the film explored it deep enough . This is quite surprising because the script is by John Milius and Michael Cimino two of filmdoms more interesting scribes . There 's a lot of good action but there are moments of tedium particularly towards the end . What I did like about the film is they did flesh out Harry 's character giving him more of a back story plus a home and love life . A worthy sequel that does n't reach the original 's greatness .
 Are we defined by what we watch or review ? Given my politics , putting out my two cents on Magnum Force is like Walter Mondale going to a Republican Party Convention . However , let me state quite clearly that I 'm putting this movie in the context of the times it represented , i.e. the perceived sense of the justice system 's failure in the 1970 's . Following his acquittal of murdering a labour reformer and his family on a legal technicality , i.e. lack of admissible evidence , labor leader Carmine Ricca and three of his associates are gunned down by a police officer . As the outcome of his trial led to wild mobs downtown , his death leads one man to say , `` maybe there 's hope for the world yet . '' Other criminals become victims , including one in a very violent swimming pool massacre . Did anyone notice Suzanne Somers in that scene ? Maybe I 'll look more carefully next time . Note
 Excellent DVD Transfer . This movie belongs on widescreen , it makes a tremendous difference from the formatted standard VHS version . Lalo Schifrin 's soundtrack sounds much better on DVD . The featurette was great . The movie is the best of the sequels , with Sudden Impact running a close second . Not as gritty as the first but it stands on it 's own merits and shows Harry in a different light . The late John Mitchum , Robert 's brother , returns in this installment of the DH series . Albert Popwell also returns , this time as the pimp . Suzanne Somers makes a brief appearence -LRB- fresh off American Graffiti and pre Three 's Company -RRB- Standout performances by future TV stars David Soul and Robert Urich .
 I am probubly the lone holdout on this film but I think it is the best Dirty Harry film of the series . From start to finish it is riviting . The opening scene where you look down the barrel of the Magnum 45 is one thing . Having it shoot right at you is another . This film is not as stylish as the first Dirty Harry film and that is all the better . Harry Callahan was never into style that much to begin with . He did things his own way regardless of the system he had to follow . This is a much more graphic and brutally violent film than the first and the R rating should have been thought about before being classified . The story line is very interesting and at the same time scary . Imagine the police acting like judge and jury . Some great acting along with some early appearances by Suzzane Summers , and David Soul -LRB- 3 or 4 years before Starsky and Hutch -RRB- . Robert Urich and Tim Matheson also make eary appearances . This is the first appearance of the film in widescreen and it is about time . Print is in excellent condition . The 5.1 audio is very effective . All in all this is the Diry Harry film that I prefer above all the others . I highly recomend it .
 A racketeer , Carmine Ricca , has been cleared of murder , due to the usual and frustrating court technicality ... He leaves , a happy and free man ... Not for long ... A motorcycle cop pulls his car over , seemingly for a traffic violation and ruthlessly slaughters him and the other three occupants ... Harry is soon on the scene , this time with a new black partner , Early Smith -LRB- Felton Perry -RRB- . It transpires that Harry is no longer in the homicide squad , he 's been demoted to a stake-out squad by Detective Briggs -LRB- Hal Holbrook -RRB- because of his previous unconventional methods ... Nevertheless he soon demonstrates that he has lost none of his considerable skills ... Enjoying a hamburger at San Francisco Airport he becomes involved in a hijack ... Harry meets an old colleague Charlie McCoy -LRB- Mitch Ryan -RRB- who seems unnaturally upset about the ineffectiveness of the courts and Harry fears that he may be the killer cop ... Later , in the police firing range , he meets four young traffic cops who are more than impressed by his former lethal methods ... With a wave of underworld killings on the increase , Harry is eventually told to work with Briggs to solve them ... He still suspects the murderer is McCoy until the latter is killed and , by setting a clever trap to check the bullets in the guns of the four young motorcycle cops , Harry finds that they are the guilty persons ... `` Magnum .44 '' is much bloodier than `` Dirty Harry . '' The lack of emotion emerges in Harry 's character ... He is a powerful and dominating figure who shoots first and asks questions later ... Director Ted Post takes him from below to imprint his stature on the piece ... Eastwood is solid enough but not as penetrating as it was in `` Dirty Harry . '' He even have sex ... Inevitably , as is usual with his persona , the initiative has to come from the female , unsuccessfully from McCoy 's widow and extremely directly from the pretty little Japanese girl who lives downstairs ... She gazes up at Eastwood and says
 Is another Eastwood-ism that gained significant fame and is the third best line in the 5 film series . MAGNUM FORCE attempts to shed some additional light on Inspector Harry Callahan 's professional and private life , but fails . The film is n't made that way . Instead it 's a spaghetti western set in -LRB- 1973 -RRB- San Francisco , as if Sergio Leone went for dim-sum in Chinatown with Ted Post and writers John Milius and Michael Cimino , and churned this one out waiting for the next cart to arrive . MAGNUM FORCE has an outlandish storyline , easily forgiven by the non-stop action , debateable rhetoric and Clint 's presence.The drug store shoot out is worth the price of admission itself .
 **** 1973 . Written by John Milius and Michael Cimino and directed by Ted Post . Very interesting follow-up of the Inspector Harry saga . Suspected to have -LRB- too -RRB- far right ideas inDirty Harry , our hero has got now an Afro-American partner , sleeps with an Asian-American girl and fights bad cops . Apart of these considerations , MAGNUM FORCE is an excellent thriller of the beginning of the 70 's I use to review every five years or so .
 This is my favorite of all the Dirty Harry movies . I think of this as ` behind the scenes ' with Harry Callahan . We get to see some different sides of Harry , and after dozens of viewings , I find these types of scenes more interesting to watch than the action/violent ones people are so familiar with - Yes , AS A MOVIE , it 's not as good as the first , but at this point , I do n't care . As a huge Clint fan , I enjoy seeing him in non-gun toting scenes/roles , even if he 's known for that . This movie comes across as a much less ambitious one than its predecessor . Part of this movie 's problem -LRB- in the eyes of reviewers -RRB- stems from its failed attempt to have a violent action movie that also has scenes of Harry 's personal life , probably more than it should have to keep the crisp pace people got used to from the first one . I agree . However , I 've seen these movies so many times -LRB- as many of you have as well -RRB- , that I ca n't watch and pretend I do n't know what 's going to happen . That 's why I like this one better . The ` behind the scenes with Harry ' feel to some of the scenes works better the more times you see this movie -LRB- I think -RRB- . Whenever I 'm in the mood for Dirty Harry , I watch this one . It 's more laid back , and I feel like I know Harry better than if I would if I was watching the first one . By the way , ` Thunderbolt and Lightfoot ' is not only the most unsung of Clint 's films , it 's his best . If you have n't seen it , or just have n't seen it in a while , watch it again -LRB- and buy it -RRB- . I think that in 50 years time , ' T & L' will have grown dramatically in stature , while the Dirty Harry movies will have stayed the same or lessened . P.S. I met Adele Yoshioka -LRB- Sunny in ` Magnum Force ' -RRB- several times . She was very sweet , and did n't look that much different than she did in this movie . She said `` working with Clint was great . He was professional and a joy to work with '' --
 Yeah , baby , yeah ! Clint is the man , and my man was at his best as Dirty Harry Callahan , the San Fran dick -LRB- slang for `` detective '' -RRB- blasting the bad guys into oblivion ! In `` Magnum Force , '' Harry takes on some bad apples in the police department , and guess who wins ? I prefer the first `` Dirty Harry . '' You ca n't improve on perfection , and `` Magnum Force '' is not an improvement . The first film was a home run , but it does n't take a home run to win the game . And Clint wins the game.Yeah , baby , yeah !
 Yes , I thought this was a better film than the first one . It has a better plot , rather than the same old cop vs. killer , this is cop vs. cop -LRB- s -RRB- . A Rouge team of cops are killing off the worst of the worst criminals , Hary agrees with the idea , but not tha actions off these cops .
 Having finally seen this movie in its DVD inconvation , I am glad that my initial views and opinions were reinforced.This is a powerful movie of the insidious and evil corruption of police everywhere and it was a wake-up call to corruption and evil all over the world - not in the USA singularly - but seems to be endemic worldwise . How very , very sad.Timothy Wingate OTTAWA CANADA
 Magnum Force is a great sequel to the classic Dirty Harry . I 'm guessing you have already seen the fantastic Dirty Harry , a crime thriller film that features one of the best film heroes and even film villains to ever grace the screen . Eastwood 's Harry Callahan is the anti hero to end all anti heroes . And he brings that greatness to this sequel too.This film is not as good as the first , but packs quite a wallop . This has the most action out of any of the Dirty Harry films , there is an intense shootout or sequence of violence every 10 or so minutes . They really did n't want to let anyone down on this sequel . This picture builds a pretty good story around cops going around on bikes murdering men left and right . The highlight of the movie is a junkyard shootout , which is easily the best action scene of the series -LRB- next to the classic bank robbery scene in Dirty Harry -RRB- . But , I do n't want to spoil anything . This is more of a summer action flick unlike the first film . Just turn your brain off and enjoy the great characters and action . Eastwood is as good as ever in this , and Hal Holbrook is a good supporting player too . This also features alot of nudity like all of the Dirty Harry films . It 's a little excessive in this film.I say stop after this film however , for the next three sequels are incredibly mediocre and only make you wonder why Clint kept making them . For being 5 of the most popular films of his career , The Dirty Harry series is n't much of a thing to be proud of . However , the first two films are definitely worth being proud of.So , give Magnum Force a watch . A good flick to watch with all of your friends , good action , acting , and suspense .
 Excellent movie . Had n't seen it for years until this week.While the original Dirty Harry from 1971 was a 2-dimensional romp through San Francisco on the heels of a maniac , this film fleshed out much more of the city , crime , the cops , and questions of power and justice . The script is far superior to first film , the film is not always so good . Attention was paid to certain scenes , others are lazily shot and put together.Ultimately , this is a potent film which combines action , crime , drama , suspense , with a great view of the times in which it was made . Almost everything points to morality and morays , even if not nailing it to your forehead with pedantic conversations . It 's a crime movie . What is crime without justice and justice without morality ? Magnum Force took all that into account .
 I got this movie because I love Dirty Harry and Clint Eastwood , people who are n't fans of Dirty Harry need not see it . I love this movie for it 's polarization of Harry as he encounters men willing to cross his personal line , as well as the Commentary by John Milius , anyone who 's listened to a commentary by him knows he 's a gruff sounding cigar smoking grizzled sort of man , he has very interesting view points you do n't hear to much these days ! Milius has an insight into the notions and idea 's of the public mindset of the time Magnum Force was made in and he wrote the screenplay . So he has a great idea of why and what the opinions of the times were based on , so makes for great commentary to me ! I 've seen reviews of the dvd being bad quality , I personally disagree , I got what I paid for , if I wanted a blue-ray I 'd have gotten one . You ca n't beat the price for this movie on dvd in my opinion if you like commentary tracks it 's a good listen after !
 I have seen this movie a few times over the years and I still love it , like most of his classics it is still fun to watch .
 My wife and I are mildly addicted to watching Clint Eastwood movies . So far , it 's been the westerns and the Dirty Harry Series . They 're all very entertaining movies . They involve a lot of action and violence and very little deep thought . Relax and enjoy . Some people would object to the violence , but we 're both adults and watch them only late at night when the little one is in bed.Last night we viewed `` Magnum Force . '' It 's another Eastwood five-star movie and we enjoyed it very much . Dirty Harry is what you 'd expect Dirty Harry to be . What more can I say ? It 's tough , violent and funny in a dark humor way . Dirty Harry is always on the fecal roster for the way in which he dispatches the bad guys , and that is again the case here . Except this episode has a twist . This time some really bad and highly elusive -LRB- read
 When MF first came out in the early 1970 's I went back to see it three or four times in the theatre . Its still Clint 's MOST VIOLENT Dirty Harry , this thing is wall to wall constant killing scenes , to the point of over the top . BUT , this was probably one of the films big attractions when it came out . I 've watched it numerous time over the past 30 + years , including last night.While , NOT as good as Dirty Harry , MF is an interesting 1st sequel . The police shooting competition scene where Clint strolls around the course in the t shirt/windbreaker he looks simply FANTASTIC as the A List Hollywood star that he was.My problem looking a MF today is that the constant violence scenes push a fairly good story line too far into the back ground . Another thing IMO that elevates this film is Hal Holbrook 's really fine acting in MF against Clint 's DH.Believe Clint did some of the actual down grade driving scenes in San Francisco with Holbrook in that car that scared the living S -- out of Holbrook ! A man 's got to know his limitations .
 The Dirty Harry series is a FIVE STAR experience . This film is a four star product , however , and for a very sensible reason
 The first sequel to `` Dirty Harry , '' is an involving story that grabs you right from the start and keeps you interested for the full two hours.In this one , `` Harry '' -LRB- Clint Eastwood -RRB- goes up against cops-turned-vigilantes . It 's interesting to see two of those young policemen who went on to stardom on TV
 Come on ! It 's Eastwood ! You know you want this-just get it already and be done !
 It takes real guts to try a sequel to a great movie -LRB- maybe not , since it is tried so maddeningly often ! -RRB- . Sure is hard to come up with a movie as good as Dirty Harry . This one copmes close.This film fleshes out Dirty Harry Callahan a bit , and while we were left with an image of him from the first movie as someone who ignores police procedure -LRB- as well as the Bill of Rights -RRB- , he is by no means a vigilante , and does have some sense of right and wrong . Make no mistake about the fact , though , that he remains Harry , and has no compunctions when it comes to literally murdering the head bad guy - his boss - as the film concluded -RRB- . The plot line is pretty simple . Within the S.F.P.D. , there is a sub-culture of police , led by Eastwood 's boss Hal Holbrooke , with David Soul , Tim Mathewson and Robert Urich . These guys have decided that they will eliminate all the bad guys , down to a local pimp , since the law can not get them -LRB- the first bad guy goes free because at trial , there is a `` lack of admissible evidence '' - what a concept ! -RRB- . Not knowing Harry as we now do , they assume that he and his .44 Mag will join them eagerly . Of course , they are wrong.Shot again in San Francisco , making a brilliant backdrop for a well photographed film . Others have raved about the cameo of topless Suzanne Summers , and we also see a Dirty Harry series regular , Albert Popwell , who this time -LRB- second of four efforts -RRB- plays a misogynist pimp . Speaking of bit parts , S.S > surely takes a back seat when we see Harry with a lady , played splendidly by Adele Yoshioka.As we have come to expect from Dirty Harry movies , there is a ton of violence - which will be somewhat off-putting for those with tender sensibilities . Harry 's tag line here -LRB- remember , we must have a different one in each movie -RRB- is `` A good man 's got to know his limitations '' . Harry seems to have none here . This movie certainly illustrates none . It is almost as goods as the first , which is saying a great deal .
 Okay ... before I begin , I must tell you I am a bit prejudice . I actually saw a scene from this movie being filmed . I lived in San Francisco and in 1973 was walking up the hill to Lafayette Park as they shot some scenes in a high rise apartment building.I was fascinated as they shot the scene over and over to get the `` tension '' just right.Now it is on DVD 30 years later . It has never looked better . Color corrected true wide screen picture , and a soundtrack that is crystal clear .2 of the vigilante officers are played to perfection by `` pre-Starsky '' David Soul and , in his first role , the late Robert Urich . The scene in the darkened garage is still powerful in it 's quiet threatening tone . It is SO CLEAR the cops enjoy wearing their elegant uniforms and tall boots , leather creaking and chrome gleaming in the dark ... an awesome and memorable moment when those who are sent to protect and defend , go over the edge so confidently , quietly and in their minds , logically . It is still very frightening .
 Face it , the original `` Dirty Harry '' was a better film , but this movie moves like no other ! It has a gunfire and bodycount ratio that almost makes it an honorary Hong Kong Action Flick . Black-jacketed , renegade Motorcops are blowing away gangsters , while Harry Callahan is stuck on stake-out duty popping would be robbers with his mighty .44 . Finally they meet in a clash to the death.Great action and direction , and a long list of stars to be -LRB- the Motorcops from Hell include David Soul , Robert Urich and Tim Matheson -RRB- . And remember , `` A good man has got to know his limitations . ''
 Well not really . As a matter of fact , Dirty Harry does n't even use his magnum to dispense the rogue cops . Davis -LRB- David Soul -RRB- is drown-fu 'd , Grimes -LRB- Robert Urich -RRB- is car-fu 'd , Astrachan -LRB- Kip Niven -RRB- is chop-fu 'd and Lt. Briggs -LRB- Hal Holbrook -RRB- is bomb-fu 'd by Harry . Sweet -LRB- Tim Matheson -RRB- is shotgun-fu 'd in an ambush by the bad guys while serving a `` Warrant `` The really good parts were the shooting range introductions of Dirty Harry to all the rogue cops -LRB- minus Rogue Boss - Briggs -RRB- . Where Harry tells the traffic cops he uses `` light specials '' - meaning .44 Special ammunition ; which I do n't believe , due to the recoil of the gun . He 's using full-power magnums , alright . Officer Sweet -LRB- Tim Matheson -RRB- gets to shoot Harry 's big gun . `` It was just a little heavy , I missed one '' says Sweet.Also , the combat pistol-shooting championships pit the Colt blue steel 4-inch .357 magnum 125gr JHP 's and HKS speedloaders of David Soul vs. The Smith and Wesson blue steel 6-inch Model 29 .44 magnum using 180gr or 210gr jhp 's and Safariland speedloaders of Clint Eastwood . Yarrrrrs , mateys ! Those were the days when `` real men '' fired full-power magnum loads , not your pip-sqeak 9mm 's in later movies.Robert Urich in his pre - `` S.W.A.T. '' , `` VEGAS '' and `` Spenser For Hire '' days . Tim Matheson in his pre - `` Animal House '' days . David Soul in his pre - `` Starsky and Hutch '' days -LRB- although he did end up using a Colt Python 6-inch .357 magnum on that show -RRB- . Kip Niven in his pre - Jacklyn Smith days . And Hal Holbrook in his pre - Dixie Carter `` Southern Comfort '' days.Oh , the plot or the premise of this movie ? Read the other reviews .
 Magnum Force is the first sequel to the classic Dirty Harry , and it suffers some from the let-downs typical of sequels , but it 's still Clint Eastwood being a tough guy , which is enough to carry the merely average plot and script and make it good entertainment for Eastwood fans.In this installment , Harry Callahan , the cop frustrated by the rules that hold him back , shows he has his limits when he goes up against wicked vigilante cops killing criminals without any due process . As in the first movie , there 's plenty of action , a car chase , suspense , people getting shot , etc.Whether those with the older DVD will want to upgrade is a matter of personal preference , but the special features look attractive to me : -- new commentary by director and Magnum Force screenwriter John Milius -LRB- `` in this gritty , entertaining commentary , legendary Hollywood screenwriter Milius discusses Eastwood , the world of Dirty Harry and the rugged resilience of crime drama in American cinema '' -RRB- -- new featurette `` A Moral Right
 The se ond entry in the Dirty Harry series finds Clint Eastwood up against a vigilante force of cops out to rid the world of nasty criminals who have escaped the justice system . What is unique about this particular entry is the casting of several up and coming actors who would go on to their own starring roles in years to come
 The second installment in the `` Dirty Harry '' series is very good -LRB- 4 1/2 STARS -RRB- . In some ways it reminded me of a good TV movie . This could be due to David Soul -LRB- Starsky -RRB- , Robert Urich -LRB- Vegas -RRB- and Susan Summers -LRB- Threes Company -RRB- appearing in brief roles and that 70 ' movie soundtrack music . The story is interesting and we see Clint Eastwood playing it a little more tongue and cheek in this one -LRB- posing as an overseas airline pilot -RRB- . Which is a good thing because you ca n't take this stuff too seriously . I like all the `` Dirty Harry '' films and I am sure where I ranked this one as I am watching them all again as I review them . I have seen them all several times , but I am watching them on DVD in my Home theater and there is a huge difference seeing these films on a big screen . If I had one complaint with this movie it was too easy to figure out the killers . The DVD transfer looks good and there are some extras on the disc .
 `` Magnum Force '' is a threatening , yet humorous story that begins with the malleable premise that three highway patrol officers -LRB- recent graduates from the police academy -RRB- are excellent marksman , as well as skillful motorcyclists who wear Gestapo styled uniforms and mirrored shades . With Vitalis enhanced , combed back hair and jibbering German , Robert Urich does a convincing Joseph Goebbels while Tim Matheson and David Soul do the goosestep . Callahan suspects something is wrong when his boss -LRB- Hal Holbrook -RRB- orders the wacky trio of vigilantes to a parking garage to kill him .
 Magnum Force is by far the best Dirty Harry movie , good story , good acting and lots of good knockers ... er ... I did n't say that . Clint Eastwood plays the does n't play by the rules cop nicely . Although I do n't know why Lt. Briggs hates him , he does the least amount of killing , the bad guys do . The story goes a bunch of rookie traffic cops are killing the top criminals in the city . Killing # 1
 Clint Eastwood 's `` Dirty Harry '' was a tough act to follow , yet `` Magnum Force '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- holds up quite well . Though the guiding hand of director Don Siegel is sorely missed , Eastwood and Company still deliver the goods . This time around , Inspector Harry Callahan investigates a series of murders committed by a self-appointed death squad within the San Francisco police department . The film offers plenty of 44-caliber action and some classic Clint one-liners -LRB- `` A man 's got to know his limitations '' -RRB- . As Callahan 's boss , Hal Holbrook is a memorable Eastwood adversary . `` Magnum Force '' would make a terrific double bill with the original `` Dirty Harry . ''
 As if you did n't already know , Dirty Harry goes after the bad guysand wins.This is a must have for your Clint Eastwood collection.Great Product , Great Service
 I bought the Dirty Harry set a couple of years ago used . The Magnum Force disk was damaged and would n't play . Amazon to the rescue . Inexpensive , no tax , free shipping , quick delivery and a clean recording ... one ca n't ask for much more .
 Possibly the best of the Diry Harry series . Always enjoyable to watch it again . If you 're a Dirty Harry fan this is on your list of must watch .
 They dont make them like this anymore . He appears like a REAL BIG CITY cop , and back in the mid seventies cops could carry what ever they wanted for a weapon . I remember it like it was yesterday , and the 44 Magnum craz was done by this movie and Clint . I watched it five times and could have watched more but time would not allow . It has David Soul -LRB- starsky and hutch -RRB- as the bad cop and the plot is GREAT and probably happened in real life .
 I like Clint Eastwood movies & this is definitely one of his best . He has done an awesome job in the movie . Rough & tough as always .
 Magnum Force was the second Dirty Harry movie starring the legendary Clint Eastwood . As with most sequels to great movies the second sequel just does n't quite live up to the power of the original . The main reason why this sequel is not as great as the original is due to the antagonist -LRB- s -RRB- . In the original Dirty Harry from 1971 , Harry does battle with a disgusting and depraved villain . It is truly a battle of good and evil and of course we the audience cheer for our hero Dirty Harry . In Magnum Force , the antagonists are a bunch of rookie cops turned vigilantes who are killing off San Francisco 's top criminals . Hmmmmm ... they sound a lot like Dirty Harry do n't they ? I 'm not sure why the makers of Magnum Force chose these antagonists for Harry to fight . It almost feels like a defense to the original movie . It 's as if the makers of Magnum Force are saying
 Nothing like going up against a bunch of motorcycle cops gone wild and crazy , although the cop execution of the pimp at the start does bring with it a certain amount of satisfaction , even if the cop is nuts . Harry has the style , plenty of firepower , and takes no lip from his inferior superiors whilst dispensing natural justice at its finest , saving society , and looking out for all widows and orphans -LRB- of course -RRB- .
 What can you say about Clint Eastwood . A man amongst men . A hero 's hero . This movie was the first R rated movie my parents took me to see -LRB- I was 13 at the time -RRB- . What an impactful movie . In my opinion one of the top 5 police movies of all time . A brilliantly filmed , edited and acted movie . It keeps you on the edge of your seat from the first crowded scene outside the courthouse to the last scene in the ship yard . . I also liked Dirty Harry but it did ` nt have as much action . This indeed is the best movie in the Dirty Harry series and my all time favorite . Highly recommeded .
 I watched this DVD with a true sense of forboding . I was dreading that , likeBattlefield EarthorStar Wars
 1973 's `` Magnum Force '' pits San Fancisco police Detective Inspector Harry Callahan -LRB- Clint Eastwood -RRB- against a group of ruthless and committed vigilantes , out to rid the city of its worst criminals by any means necessary . `` Magnum Force '' is the sequel to 1971 's controversial `` Dirty Harry '' ; its premise puts the maverick cop Callahan in the unexpected position of having to defend the system he often claims to dislike.As the movie opens , a mob leader , released on a technicality , is gunned down in his car by a traffic cop using a .357 magnum handgun . As the story progresses , other criminals are eliminated in a similar manner . Detective Callahan , banished to stakeout duty for some prior offense against the police brass , gets pulled into the investigation despite the efforts of his hard-nosed boss , Lt. Briggs -LRB- Hal Holbrook -RRB- . Callahan will eventually learn what the audience already suspects , that the killers are a group of cops , hardened by military service and prepared to bypass a failed system to mete out rough justice . When Callahan refuses to join the vigilantes , he and his partner become targets themselves . A surprise betrayal triggers an extended , action-packed , and nerve-wracking conclusion.The movie is a nice set-piece of early 1970 's San Francisco , even if the overly-long plot tends to send mixed messages . Story development is clearly secondary to setting up the action scenes ; the forensic piece will look primitive to audiences raised on `` CSI . '' Three of the vigilante cops -LRB- David Soul , Robert Urich , and Tim Matheson -RRB- went on to successful television careers . `` Magnum Force '' is the second of the five `` Dirty Harry '' movies . It is highly recommended to Clint Eastwood fans .
 This is a movie you need to own if you like Clint Eastwood/Harry Callahan . I rank it as the second best of the Dirty Harry movies , behind the opening installment . The details are n't all that important ... they never are in a Dirty Harry film . Suffice to say there 's quite a lot of shooting and , in the end , the right people wind up getting shot . On the negative side , this movie has a cheap , plastic look . The camera angles are sometimes bizarre and the special effects/stunts are dreadful . Also , the soundtrack is just plain scary . As a result of these shortcomings , Magnum Force has not weathered the test of time very well . It seems hopelessly dated . Nonetheless , I recommend this movie to those who enjoy Eastwood 's work .
 Who can forget that line from Magnum Force ? It has more than one meaning here and definitely sets the theme . Dirty Harry says it a few times in the film but it has the most impact right after Hal Holbrook meets with an unfortunate accident in his car ... priceless scene . This is my favorite line Eastwood says to Holbrook in the movie , with the second being when he throws a shell casing from evidence at him saying `` eat it ! '' . Magnum Force -LRB- 1973 -RRB- is the sequel to Dirty Harry -LRB- 1971 -RRB- and this time Harry is still an outsider with his own brand of justice , but he 's got nothing on the 4 young motorcycle patrol cops who do n't even bother with arrests and paperwork -LRB- the criminals do n't make it that far ! -RRB- . In Dirty Harry , Callahan chased Scorpio , the mad sniper , but in Magnum Force he does n't have to go far to find the criminals ... they work with him ! Action packed and stylish , Magnum Force is essential in the Dirty Harry/Eastwood Collection . The film is directed by television director , Tim Post -LRB- Baretta , Combat ! -RRB- and written by Michael Cimino -LRB- director
 Magnum Force was the first Dirty Harry movie I saw , so it remains my personal favorite . Although not quite reaching the artistic levels of Seigel 's film , nonetheless the movie works as a vicious action thriller.Dirty Harry Callahan , despite being on loan to stakeout , sticks his nose into the murder investigation of a local mafioso . What he uncovers is disturbing evidence pointing to an elite vigilante squad of assassins working inside the SFPD.Eastwood and Seigel reportedly argued about Harry 's character during the making of the first film . Director Seigel saw Harry as a burned out fascist bigot while star/producer Eastwood saw him as a loner hero in the Man With No Name mold . The throwing away of the badge was a particular bone of contention as Eastwood DID NOT want that to happen . That more Harry film 's were produced is proof positive of that.Magnum Force offers viewers a look at Dirty Harry as seen exclusively by Eastwood . The character is noble and heroic , not the least bit encumbered by the rage and disillusionment of Seigel 's character . As with Dirty Harry , Magnum Force chose actual events -LRB- Brazilian Death Squads and San Francisco 's own Vigilante Squad -RRB- as a basis for its somewhat far fetched story -LRB- Harry can single handedly foil an airline hijacking with no political or media fallout whatsoever ? -RRB- . The result is brisk and entertaining for both Eastwood and Rouge Cop movie fans . Recommended , especially in the widescreen format .
 Magnum Force -LRB- 1973 -RRB- My personal favorite of the Dirty Harry films and the best of the series for my money . Clint Eastwood is at his peak here as an avenging super cop out to defeat a cabal of vigilantes who make him look like the Easter Bunny . Hal Holbrook provides an excellent foil for Clint as his intolerant boss . The final line -LRB- `` man 's got to know his limitations '' -RRB- is priceless . Look for 70 's TV icons David Soul and the late Robert Urich as Eastwood 's fellow law enforcers .
 One of the most interesting consequences of that underground corruption that devoured the combative spirit , the mission and the ethic of so many institutions , was the given answer for many filmmakers who bet and played hard with the great distance between the preventive action , the jailing process and the soft reaction of the high spheres that , in last instance imparted the last word
 Somewhat dated , MAGNUM FORCE is mostly a curiosity of sorts because you have future tv/movie stars -LRB- the late -RRB- Robert Urich -LRB- VEGAS , S.W.A.T -RRB- , David Soul -LRB- STARSKY AND HUTCH -RRB- , and Tim Matheson -LRB- ANIMAL HOUSE , 1941 , WEST WING -RRB- in the villian roles -LRB- actor Kip Niven is the odd man out here who has went on to play mostly character support roles -RRB- . The four play a quartet of vigilante mototcycle cops taking over when criminals buck the system and ca n't get convicted . Somehow , one wants to root for these guys , but when Harry Callahan -LRB- Clint Eastwood -RRB- refuses to support their cause and even join their crusade , it becomes a whole new ballgame . They begin to kill off members of their own police department who may get in their way and their toughest adversary , Harry Callahan is next on their list . As in the first DIRTY HARRY , the rule that everyone is protected by the law and have the right to exercise their rights as citizens is again explored with a twist . Eastwood again is great as the no nonsense Harry Callahan playing with him cool and tough . Again , as in all the ` Dirty Harry ' films there is a classic line to be quoted . In this film , hands down , it 's `` A man 's got to know his limitations ! '' Great villian role by Hal Holbrook as Lt. Briggs , good support role by unsung character actor Felton Perry -LRB- HOOPERMAN , ROBOCOP -RRB- as Smith . . another one of Harry Callahan 's luckless partners -LRB- in this reviewer 's opinion , the film was a real downer when the character was ` oft ' as a result of a letter bomb -RRB- , and John Mitchum -LRB- brother of Robert Mitchum , F-TROOP , DIRTY HARRY , ENFORCER -RRB- as DiGorgio .
 The closing moment of Dirty Harry , where everybodys favorite San Francisco police inspector throws his badge away , might have worked better here , as the story is about Harry dealing with vigilante cops simply executing the criminals that are too difficult to prosecute . Magnum Force does n't have the dark , kinetic energy of Don Siegel 's seminal police thriller , but it does feature the series trademarked brutal yet necessary-to-make-the-point violence and some great action sequences . The Warner Brothers disc restores to movie to its widescreen aspect ratio -LRB- which makes the film all that more visually impressive -RRB- and offers the original trailer and a behind-the-scenes documentary from the era . For fans of Harry Callahan -LRB- or just of Clint Eastwood -RRB- , this series entry is a must have . Recommended .
 `` A man 's got to know his limitations '' is exactly what this movie is about . Giving us a less cold-blooded and more human enemy for Harry.This movie did n't try to reproduce the original movie 's greatness , but rather showed us a different side if Harry and the criminal world .
 The Rock-afire Explosion was an 80 's hair band that played most often in Showbiz Pizza Place establishments . The band was fronted completely by animatronic musicians , including bears , a wolf and drunken bird.Aaron Fechter was the creator of The Rock-afire band , but his first idea to change the world was a gas-saving car ! He literally built a car from the ground up ... and while it worked , money was an issue holding back production of the vehicle . Fechter toiled with inventions and ideas , before being commissioned to create something new - robotic animals.Soon enough , Showbiz Pizza and The Rock-afire Explosion were a match made in heaven . Pizza and robots ?! What else could one ask for out of a restaurant?Showbiz built a great reputation among families , and kids were drawn by not only `` tokens for good grades '' , but most importantly , the multi-instrumental band that played for patrons , while still having time to crack jokes with one another . Inevitably , all good things come to an end , and this documentary is the story of what happens to the people that loved the franchise and band the most.At the beginning of this film , I knew only of the wonderful modern online videos of the band , created by dedicated fans . These same people are featured here - namely Chris Thrash . Thrash has spent his life trying to get the band back together , and with the help of Fechter , he just might.I did n't expect to be moved watching this , but when it comes to the story of this beloved family business , you can not help but to be . Thrash is such a kind-hearted person , and the only thing he has ever wanted is to see the animal band back in action . Fechter , the creator and sole owner of the remaining sculpted band members , has spent his life focused on the product -LRB- even through the decline -RRB- , but he 's proud to have created something people still enjoy today . These characters are real people , and their stories are just as lovingly depicted as the robots that give the film its name . Hopefully thanks to this documentary we will see them for many more years to come .
 As a child of the 80 's I grew up being introduced to many wonderous creations that children now take for granted . Compact Disks -LRB- CD 's -RRB- were not around when I was born , nor was computer animation that is in just about every Hollywood film that comes down the pike these days . It was a more simple time , with more simple pleasures . In the early 80 's , Showbiz Pizza Place was one of those simple pleasures.The pizza was decent , the place was fun , but the most memorable part of any visit to Showbiz was the animatronic band that played in the showroom . They were known as The Rock-afire Explosion . Being in the showroom as a kid was great ! Keep in mind this was long before the technologies that we appreciate today , and moving , talking robot animals that were a few feet away was a really cool thing . Kids loved it ! I was one of them.I was n't there that many times as a kid - I 'm sure I could count the visits on both hands and not use all the fingers - but the experience has managed to stick with me all these years . Unlike the folks depicted in the video , I do n't have the robots at home or any memorabilia from that time period ... but I do have the fondness for the memory that they have . It 's a fondness that made me purchase this DVD , and a couple of T-shirts from the production company . I 'm extremely glad I did.The documentary explains the creation of the band , its entry in to Showbiz Pizza , and the story of corporate greed that ultimately brought about the band 's removal from the stores ... and the intent of Showbiz owners to ` kill ' the band to spite creator Aaron Fechtor.At its core , the documentary shows the triumph of human spirit and the resolve of people who , with a love for something , can keep it alive no matter how much money someone throws at it to make it go away . Sure , Chuck-E-Cheese continues to exist and make money ... but the Rock-afire did n't die the way they intended . Instead it lives on in a cult following . It does so because of the dramatic impact these simple animatronic creatures had on those that viewed them . That group is comprised of a small , but loyal , fan following that is dedicated to preserving the child like joy that the band brought to them as children . The collect the robots and related items - some even make them available for kids today . The documentary outlines these stories , as well as that of Fechtor.While the film makers COULD have chosen to exploit these individuals , they did n't ... and that really enabled a simple film to have a certain innocence about it . I suppose we all hold on to our childhood in different ways . The film maker 's open mind and willing attitude permitted the viewer to , if they chose , listen and understand these folks ... maybe even learn a little something from them . The film is able to demonstrates that when we share our own child like joy , kids of today can enjoy it just as much as we did . It demonstrates that , for the artists that created the band , a satisfaction can go far beyond the monetary benefit or loss from the project when you consider the impact that your work made as such a visceral level in others . Most importantly , it demonstrates that not even big bad corporate America can take away something we hold dear ... no matter how much they want to rub it out of existance.The Rock-afire Explosion really was an enjoyable film . The story flows well and the film is well edited . The film 's closing with a number performed by the Rock-afire Explosion was both fitting and appropriate.The DVD has been sitting in my living room throughout the holiday season . As I have entertained visitors - many in my age group - they all say the same thing when the see the cover
 This is a very well-done documentary on the Showbiz Pizza Place animatronic house band , The Rock-afire Explosion . I had been wondering what had happened to Showbiz Pizza Place and The Rock-afire Explosion band . I grew up in San Antonio , Texas and I do recall that shortly after Showbiz Pizza Place restuarants began to disappear that the Rock-afire Explosion band appeared at a few Pistol Pete 's Pizza locations and being a child I was confused by it mainly because I could tell that Pistol Pete 's Pizza did not maintain and take pride in having the Rock-afire Explosion band there . This documentary does a wonderful job explaining and filling-in the gaps of what happened in both an informative and fun way . You will not regret this purchase - Enjoy !
 As a child of the 80s/90s this was a treat to see this . Great seeing all of my favorite characters and how the Showbiz Pizza Place came about with The Rockafire Explosion . For those that think Chuck E Cheese is good then you missed out on a true experience with the Rockafire Explosion . They need to bring it back and maybe include Chuck E Cheese into the mix but the old team was much better . Everything went down heel when they changed it from Showbiz Pizza Place to Chuck E Cheese .
 A nice review of my childhood ! I spend a lot of time at Showbiz Pizza as a kid and loved the Rock-Afire Explosion ! I was nice to see other fans appreciate and get a little history of the business and the show . I would have liked to expand the scope of the documentary but over all it was entertaining but for a limited audience who were aware of the &#34; band &#34; . I would have been nice to see more musical performances to get an idea of what we all loved about them .
 This documentary is fascinating on so many levels
 Great DVD on The Rock-Afire Explosion . Brings back great memoreies of Show Biz Pizza and how it all came together and went away .
 Well my review title may be misleading , yes the people who were born in the late 70 's / early 80 's will surely remember Showbiz Pizza , but the 90 's & 00 generation will certainly appreciate this documentary too . All I can say is WOW , such nostalgia . I will admit that I went to Showbiz Pizza less than 10 times ever , but my memories of The Rock-A-Fire explosion are very close to my heart . I grew up in an area without a Showbiz , but whenever my folks and I would make it down to Georgia to see relatives , Showbiz was a MUST ! And I regret to say that I absolutely FORGOT about Showbiz & Rockafire for YEARS ! In my early 20 's i had a sudden re-interest into many of my childhood hobbies like videogames , 80 's - early 90 's cartoons & movies , ect . But RockAfire was still forgotten ... until this documentary popped up on NetFlix and brought be back to 1986 ! Eating Pizza , riding rides , and watching the amazing Rock-A-Fire . Man , it was great being a kid back then ...
 The `` Rock-afire Explosion '' catapulted me back to 1989 when I had my twelfth birthday party at Showbiz Pizza Place in Matteson , Illinois . This DVD provided a wonderful mix of the history of the pizza chain , the creator of the animatronics that created the `` Rock-afire Explosion '' and one man 's -LRB- CHRIS THRASH -RRB- passion to preserve their memory . For any individual that is interested in purchasing this movie I suggest visiting -LSB- ... -RSB- or watching a few of the -LSB- ... -RSB- videos created by Chris Thrash .
 My son loves the Rock-Afire ! And this video is perfect . He is 7 years old and really enjoys watching all of it . It is not just for kids . It is very informative and well done .
 How many kids in the 80 's thrilled to the Rock-Afire Explosion 's music and banter ? How many of us were sorry to see them go?Now , flash to the present . How many of us are delighted to see our furry friends back in action ? Many of us , indeed!This DVD takes you through the history of creator , Aaron Fechter and the shows and inventions that he has created over the years.It also features some interesting bonuses . Ever wondered what you would have been using if email had n't come out when it did ? The answer may be on this DVD!A wonderful dose of nostalgia !
 some of the most passionate collectors I have every seen . Well made documentary , people need to see this , its that important of a film !
 This was a wonderful , well-made documentary . The Rock-afire Explosion animatronic band , found at Showbiz Pizza Place during the eightees , was the culmination of Aaron Fechter 's drive to bring something special to the world in the face of adversity . The film gives a bittersweet , candid look into Fechter 's warehouse , frozen in time for 20 + years following the purchase of Showbiz Pizza Place by Chuck E Cheese . His positive attitude and hopes for the future is at once inspiring and his humorous point of view is infectious . The film also examines a group of enthusiasts who grew up enjoying Fechter 's creations , and have since made it their life 's passion to collect not only the memorabilia , but the showpieces and animatronics themselves . One couple has even gone so far as to open an actual Showbiz Pizza restaurant , complete with a working show . This film recaptures the spirit of a lost piece of nostalgia , and a desire for the simpler times of childhood .
 I really enjoyed this documentary because it took me back to the 80 's . It 's neat to see the Rock-a-Fire Explosion and old footage from Showbiz Pizza Place again.The movie also tells a great story about perseverance and following your dreams . Both the main characters exude a joy and passion for their work that most of us will never experience . Very well done .
 All the world 's a stage and history is apparently nothing more than a collection of script revisions . Whether it 's the question of who invented the Jelly Belly jelly bean , or who designed and built the first Whac-a-Mole , the truth is n't always what 's recorded . In the case of the Whac-a-Mole , a quick Google search leads to the company that `` originated '' it , Bob 's Space Racers . The website describes how it all began '' ... in 1976 when the crew at Bob 's Space Racers , Inc. developed the first working game for a customer who wanted to try the new concept at a carnival midway ... `` What the site neglects to mention is that what they `` developed '' was reverse-engineered from a prototype they purchased that was designed and built by a guy named Aaron Fechter -LRB- who was developing it for a carnival that ended up selling it to Bob 's Space Racers . -RRB- Fechter even came up with the name for the game , Whac-a-Mole . Very similar to how Dave Klein was written out of the history of Jelly Belly , Aaron Fechter was dropped from the story of the Whac-a-Mole . But that 's not all there is to Fechter 's legacy , and the anecdote about the famous midway game is only a segway into a much more interesting story , the rise and fall of America 's most famous animatronic band , the Rock-afire Explosion!For most kids growing up in the early 80s there was only one place they wanted to go for birthday parties and celebrations , Showbiz Pizza Place . It 's where a kid can be a kid , at least it was if you bought the pizza chain 's tag line , and from the ages of three to ten I was drunk on that company 's Kool-Aid . From Skee Ball , what seemed like hundreds of arcade games , ball pits , and the afore-mentioned Whac-a-Mole , to tiny completely-carpeted rooms lit by strobe lights under the main stage , game tickets , prizes , pizza , soda by the pitcher , and a little animatronic band called the Rock-afire Explosion , these were the ingredients for legendary birthday parties when I was a kid . I 've podcasted and written about my love of Showbiz Pizza and Chuck-E-Cheese at length before , and how it 's almost impossible , even with some remaining C-E-C franchises still open , to get back that feeling of what it was like to dine and play in these establishments as a kid . Though I was lucky enough to grow up less than 30 miles from Walt Disney World , I can only imagine that for kids that lived in other states , Showbiz was like a mini Disney theme park . Sure , there were n't any roller coasters or dark rides , but who cared about those when you had a band full of animatronic , anthropomorphic animals belting out great music from the 60s , 70s and 80s at your birthday party?Produced and directed by Brett Whitcomb , the film starts with a tone setting awkward pause as Aaron Fechter is gathering his thoughts about the legacy of his creation . Honestly , these first few seconds were a bit unnerving for me as I was afraid of the direction the film would take . If there 's one certainty about 80s era fandom , it 's that people either love it or mock it , and usually people just love to mock it . Though I personally find the sarcastic mean humor that 's rife with 80s homages boring and overdone , it 's the route that most people take , and when all is said and done this documentary walks a pretty precarious tightrope act , only dipping it 's toes into smarminess a couple of times.The flick is comprised of a series of talking head interviews with Rock-afire Explosion creator Aaron Fechter -LRB- and his significant other Kerry -RRB- , super-fans Chris Thrash , Mike Scherpenberg , Damon Breland , as well as showbizpizza.com head honcho Travis Schafer , intermixed with old vhs video footage of Showbiz commercials , local news clips , company tapes , and some vintage behind the scenes footage of Creative Engineering . Basically , we follow the story of Fechter , a genius inventor who graduated college at the age of 19 , and Chris Thrash , a fan so dedicated to the Rock-afire Explosion that he sought out Fechter so that he could purchase his very own animatronic band . In a way , Thrash can be attributed with a lot of the recent fan-fair of the Rock-afire nostalgia as his desire to own a copy of the band , and through a series of youtube videos where he programmed them to play some current music has breathed new life into the property . `` I believe that you should be a child at heart and do n't be ashamed of it . You know if there 's something you dreamed or you wanted to do when you was a kid , then do it . You dreamed it for a reason . And I dreamed to have this , and I had it . Some people like it , some people do n't , but I do n't care , it 's mine . '' - Chris ThrashAs a kid , one of the coolest aspects of the band and stage show at Showbiz Pizza was that it was like seeing Sesame Street , the Muppets , or Pinwheel live , right in front of your eyes . In the film fan Mike Scherpenberg really puts in context what it was like for a kid when he says , `` If you did n't grow up with it , then you ca n't understand what it meant . It was like meeting a real celebrity ... '' And it was . Even growing up in Orlando and having the opportunity to mingle with all of the `` characters '' at Disney World , seeing the Rock-afire Explosion was so much cooler because they talked and blinked , and ironically just felt more real . It was truly like seeing a cartoon character coming to life . Subsequently I probably would have flipped my lid had I realized that I lived so close to the home the Rock-afire , Creative Engineering in Orlando ... Looking back , one of the things I really respect was the amount of thought and back-story went into each of these characters . Whether it 's good-natured country bumpkin Billy Bob -LRB- the face of Showbiz -RRB- , Fatz Geronimo -LRB- piano player and leader of the band -RRB- , fan-favorite Dook Larue -LRB- the astro-dog who played some mean drums -RRB- , Beach Bear -LRB- the resident cut-up , surfer , guitar playing polar bear -RRB- , Mitzi -LRB- the slightly ditzy cheerleader mouse and only female on the stage -RRB- , or even Rolfe & Earl -LRB- the Don Rickles of animatronics -RRB- , each of these characters was unique and well thought out.With that in mind , the filmmakers managed to address some odd aspects of this kind of fandom by cutting in both vintage footage of the Creative Engineering workshop with exposed endoskeletons of the various characters in production , as well as current bits with Thrash , Schafer , and Breland grooming their animatronics . It 's a not-so-subtle way of reminding the viewer that this fandom , as well as most fandom of fictional characters , is a little hollow and can be very strange the closer you get to it . There 's a bit where Thrash recalls pulling back the curtain once at a show and climbing on stage coming face to face with the frozen robots . It reminds me of Will Wheaton taking about his experience `` meeting '' the Muppets back in the 90s at the peak of his Star Trek popularity . As he watched the puppeteers open a series of drawers and pull the lifeless bodies of these characters out it sort of ruined the magic of the shows and movies . Personally , this is the sort of touching awkwardness that I can totally relate to , and I think it addresses an honest harshness of fandom , in particular this sort of extreme fandom . In fact , there 's a bit in the film that shows Mitzi Mozzarella being decommissioned as Showbiz was being integrated into Chuck-E Cheese , and there 's a quick shot of her right after some workers lifted off her cheerleader 's uniform . I actually gasped a bit at seeing the animatronic 's bare breasts exposed . What 's left of the kid in me found that weirdly obscene ... Where the documentary falls apart a little for me though , is when it strays away from this honest representation of fandom and wanders into more voyeuristic territory . Everyone has a little weird in them , and it 's no secret that geeks , nerds , dweebs and dorks typically have more than their fair share . The flick gets a little uncomfortable for me when it unfortunately starts to focus more on the quirks of the fans and of Aaron Fechter . It starts to feel like its taking advantage of them for entertainment 's sake , working in aspects of their lives that are n't that important to the narrative . There 's a bit around the 25 minute mark where Thrash starts talking about his habitual Mountain Dew drinking , and you can feel the film shift away from a celebration of Showbiz Pizza and the Rock-Afire Explosion to his lifestyle as a person outside of the fandom . Similarly there are moments with Fechter and his relationship with super-fan Kerry that gives the impression that he 's kind of a creepy old man . I question whether this benefits the story the filmmakers are trying to convey , or if it sort of undermines any celebration of this nostalgia.Luckily these uncomfortable bits do n't go on for too long , and in the end the film gets back on track , digging into why Showbiz Pizza and the band are so interesting . I was glad to also get an opportunity to see some of the performers behind the characters as there 's some footage shot during one of the recording sessions that 's pretty interesting and features glimpses of Aaron Fechter -LRB- who voiced Billy Bob -RRB- , Shalisa James -LRB- Mitzi -RRB- , Rick Bailey -LRB- Beach Bear -RRB- , Duke Chauppetta -LRB- Dook -RRB- , and Burt Wilson -LRB- Fatz -RRB- performing . The music in the film is also great with some songs by the Super Furry Animals , and overall a great score . It 's also fascinating to see the extent that some of these fans go to , to reclaim a bit of their childhood . Purchasing whole shows -LRB- as the set up off all the animatronic characters are referred to in the documentary -RRB- for god only knows how much money and setting them up in specially constructed garages and rooms just blows me away.All in all , there 's a lot to love about this documentary , and I wish there were more flicks out there like it shining the spotlight on some obscure but awesome bits of what it was like to grow up in the 80s .
 Purchased as a Christmas gift . DVD received in original packaging and arrived in a timely fashion . Very pleased with entire shopping experience .
 Crazy movie ! I remember the band from when I was a kid but these people might be taking it to far !
 I received this DVD within few days after my order . It was very quality and quickly service . I like this movie .
 I loved all the techniques that were shown . I am a CMT who is starting to learn Hot Stone Massage . I got so much more out of this video than some of the others I have watched . I am looking foward to incorporating what I learned into my stone massage .
 This episode of Terence Hill 's Lucky Luke T.V. series is the best in the series!A great poker scene , a big explosin and a fast pace are just a few highlight!Get it!It 's a great mix of action and western comedy !
 In this sequel to Final Descent , Robert Urich reprises his role as `` Lucky '' Singer in this '99 catastrophe film FINAL RUN set aboard a luxury train called the `` Grand Royale '' where his family is enjoying a ` getaway ' vacation . The train is on it 's maiden voyage when the controller accidentally spills a drink into the circuitry of the new on board Super Computer , which promises to send everyone on board for the ride of their lives!Many smaller sub-plots abound and add to the excitement of this film with ` lots ' of twists and turns . Robert Urich and John De Lancie deliver the goods in this edge of your seat thriller - right up to the very end!Highly recommended.Although this instant video of FINAL RUN is not in HD , the picture quality is very good . Closed Captioning is not included .
 This movie was as good as Final Descent.The scenery was great to say nothing of the orchestrated action . It keeps you on the edge of your seat . Great Job !! It was so amazing to view such quality and be able to enjoy a movie without the use of profanity .
 A cinematically beautiful film . A mosaic of sympathetic characters , raw emotions and the roads they all intersect on . A deeply emotional tale of regret , rejection , liberation and ultimately finding forgiveness and rediscovering that one true love . A film that will be as relevant in 10 years as it is today .
 We own this film , and the movie is just stunning to watch . There is a lot of communication that happens without a word ever being spoken due to the cinematography . It 's a great story , and it is told very well .
 After we all get done with the formulaic hollywood stuff that is drivelled out over us , this was an engrossing study in character . Loved the development of the friendships , backdrop to building of full , lush characters . it 's one of those films that grabs you . this goes in my list of `` finds '' ...
 I picked up an early copy of this from my local DVD vendor . Kevin Bacon and Djimon Hounsou are obviously the big draw here.Straight to DVD fair is getting better and better as of late , and this one is no exception . The DVD is a bare bones affair no bells and whistles , but the direction , cinematography , sound and foley work is all top notch , and the acting is stellar ! The story is of Hounsou who it 's alluded to as being a USA government agent who is on a holiday in Bangkok and moonlighting as a hired gun . He is hired by a desperate father to avenge his daughter , and all hell breaks loose . Hounsou is a strong lead , and dominates the screen . Kevin Bacon plays an old acquaintance of Djimon 's character and a weapons dealer in Bangkok , a very solid supporting role to say the least . And Jirantanin Pitakporntrakul , in her debut role is creepy and radiant simultaneously . Prachya Pinkaew , whom I 've been a big fan of since his film `` CHOCOLATE '' has done it again providing his fans with the best in fight choreography and fun fast paced action sequences.The story though not completely original has enough original aspects to it to keep you wrapped in it 's threads for the thrill ride that this movie is . White Elephant is a white knuckled thrill ride that is action packed and bloody as hell . It 's not for the faint of heart . . but hits the spot for all of us action fans ... and is an awesome addition to Prachya Pinkaew 's filmography and another step toward cinematic immortality for this growing and very active director .
 Can you save someone by using a gun ? When mercenary Curtie Church -LRB- Hounsou -RRB- is hired to take out the head of a human trafficking ring he finds himself not sure who 's side he is on . When a girl named Meg finds him , he has another reason to stop the ring . This is a great action movie . Guy hires guy to kill someone , guy gets guns , starts killing ... for an hour and a half . If you like movies with intricate plot lines and in-depth character development , this is not it . If you like non stop action , guns and fighting , this is the movie for you . The acting is actually pretty good , led by Djimon Hounsou and Kevin Bacon , but the action is what drives the movie . Very few action movies have a twist at the end that makes you want to re-watch right away to see if you can catch the moments that lead up to the twist , this is one of them . I 'd be surprised if anyone can predict the twist to this . Very entertaining action movie that is worth watching . I give it a B + . Would I watch again ? - Yes I would to see if I can catch the twist moments I missed . * Also try - Out Of Reach & Takedown
 In the movie a white elephant is given by one rival gang to another as a peace offering . In Siam , kings would offer them as gifts to someone who was obnoxious so they would go broke attempting the up keep . The movie deals with the child prostitution trafficking in Thailand as a background , but does very little to expose the horrors , but rather concentrates on killing.A man hires Djmon Hounsou to find his abducted daughter working somewhere in a Thai brothel . He also has a bounty for every bad guy that is killed . Djmon contacts Kevin Bacon , now with a British accent , in order to obtain guns . Bacon runs a legit brothel and formally worked with Djmon . Using the weapons , Hounsou is able to start a war between two rival gangs . The head count increases.During his campaign , a girl joins up with him and helps him with some spiritual guidance , as well as a look out . There are minor twists as people and alliances are not quite what they seem , with one major twist at the end I admit I did n't see coming.There is a missed opportunity in this film for a little humor . Kevin Bacon collects guns used in movies . What they should have mentioned were guns used specifically in Bacon movies . They did not.Hounsou play a stone cold killer who wants to make things right while getting paid . His acting ability is better than the Rock , but below that of Van Diesel . A lot of shooting and killing . Nudity , f-bomb , and Bacon with a British accent . 3 1/2 stars .
 Purposefully will not go into any details only that this is a `` must see '' if you like consistent action and witnessing -LRB- through the camera lens -RRB- good triumph over evil . I 've seen it -LRB- overly pleased -RRB- and am in the process of purchasing blue-ray copy as soon as I complete my recommendation .
 This film was a good action movie . it ws an added bonus to see my favorite actor play the leading role as a hero . I would tell more folk about this film in hopes that they will see the true evils of women place in sexual slavery .
 Non stop action from starrt to finish in Bangkok with real depth , meaning and purpose . I rarely give five srtars so this film took my breath away . Brilliant acting from the key characters and a brilliant twist at the end , to inspire good that is within the soul . Highly recommended if you like memorable films with meaning , fast pace and pause for thought .
 Arrived in the condition I had hoped it would . Elephant White is a high action movie . Be set up to be entertained and enlightened .
 it is a dvd it was for a gift dont know any thing about it i just need five words
 I was pleasantly surprised at this direct-to-disc effort . The action is often and realistic enough to keep you interested . The story is sparse but you learn early on that this is n't a mystery film , it 's a very decent action flick .
 This was a pretty good movie . It will have u guessing what is going on and then when u find out , it will blow ur mind . Love the people in the movie .
 This is an unusual movie . Not entirely action/thriller , not entirely surreal/eastern philosophy . If one were to blend the classic action flick ` First Blood ' with the deeply intense Anglo-Thai cult film ` Brokedown Palace ' - you 'll get a sense of what awaits you.Very much enjoyed because of both aspects
 Excellent acting and action packed into a gripping five star story -LRB- that sadly touches truth in our real world -RRB- . This film draws you in and does n't let you go even after it 's over . Truly great movie .
 This movie potentially has the highest body count of any move I 've ever seen -LRB- if we 're counting the `` dream '' sequence -RRB- . It 's very well acted , scripted , and filmed for a b movie and it 's definitely action packed if you 're into seeing a guy go to town with a knife and a handgun in the woods.I agree with the guy writing previously that these direct to dvd movies are starting to get close -LRB- if not surpassing -RRB- the quality/entertainment of theater movies . Absolutely worth a rental if you like action movies .
 Djimon Hounsou is a killing machine that you ca n't take your eyes off of . He really delivers in this film , and keeps the viewer engaged during the fast paced action.It 's always nice to see Kevin Bacon , and his charter adds to this movie in an almost comedic way . Balancing out the action.All in all , a nice gritty shoot them up film , with a nice twist at the end , that 's fun to watch .
 One has to wonder about Henry Jaglom 's mother , when he dedicates a film about women suffering from eating disorders to her . This is one of Jaglom 's more successful efforts since there is some dramatic conflict amongst the cinema verite talkfest that is his trademark . One might even mistake this film as a documentary with all the to-the-camera discourse . Otherwise his camera is thankfully still , aided by the excuse of a Frenchwoman making a documentary at an exclusively female -LRB- and enormously populated -RRB- birthday party . Maybe it 's a very `` L.A. '' thing but it 's shocking how so many beautiful women have food issues , and the association they make with food and sex , and food and love , makes for a compelling -LRB- for Jaglom -RRB- social study . He begins uncertainly , as the women gather . Jaglom gets a little carried away with cross-cutting , and there is a definite lesbian subtext which turns out to be misleading . But as the film develops our initial judgment of the women presented , as shallow and stupid gives way to depths of feeling and marvel at the openness and emotional accessibility of the female species . As the eldest of the group and the mother of Helene -LRB- Lisa Richards -RRB- , who resides in the house where the celebrations occur , Frances Bergen represents the voice of reason and the sounding board for the confessions . Jaglom cleverly maintains our empathy for her , aided by Bergen 's wonderful naturalness , even when her reaction to news of an infidelity defines the survival strategies of women of her generation . In spite of the heaviness of the subject , there is much humour to be found , partly from the women 's own insight into their behaviour , and also from the idea of having Helene seek out the mistress under the guise of mingling . Richards ' performance improves considerably after she stops pecking . As her predatory best friend , Gwen Welles adds some amusing spite to the proceedings . Her demonstration of the use of a present of anger-releasing padded poles gets a big laugh . It 's no surprise to learn of Welles ' bulimia since she looks anorexic , and she is about the only one who does n't seem to think they are `` fat '' . When the birthday cake is cut , no-one wants to eat it . Since the cast is so large some actors get lost in the mosaic , but mention should be made of Toni Basil in Carmen Miranda get-up as an actress quitting her agent -LRB- `` If Michael Jackson can fire his father ... '' -RRB- ; Aloma Ichinose who has a great riff about smoking ; and Mary Crosby looking like a fawn and being very I-shot-JR in a bathroom confrontation . I particularly liked the line `` I 'm looking for a man who can excite me as much as a baked potato '' .
 This low budget , thoroughly entertaining look at a group of women gathering for a luncheon party is a rare critique of how women have come to be obsessed with food . Quasi-documentary in form , actresses in this film seems to teeter between acting and reality . Certainly many lines are blurred , and the result is fascinating.While something of a `` chick flick '' , men will come away from this film with plenty to think about . Whole film is a real conversation-starter , highly amusing and never gets too heavy . Excellent and very unique in subject matter . Amazing how seldom we see people eating and enjoying their food in movies , yet it is such an important part of our lives . Hollywood sense of beauty is blasted between the lines.Only aspect I objected to was the lack of polish in the production itself . It could have been visually smoother in parts . But Jaglom films always look like this , I suppose . Still a winner .
 although it is an older movie , it is always relevant ... women and their relationship with food . good dialogue even though it does ramble on and on a bit . good movie overall .
 Henry Jaglom 's ` Eating
 Certainly not the standard Hollywood movie . In `` Eating '' , a wide range of attitudes towards food are expressed , from normal to neurotic . Altogether , it is beautiful . Probably partially improvised , done very well . The fictionalized documentary style makes it more natural and intimate . If you like this , see also `` Last summer at the Hamptons '' , `` Babyfever '' , and `` Going Shopping '' .
 This movie was absolutely hilarious.Anytime you pair killer plants with a spoof , its going to be good -- just remember Killer Tomatoes people , need I say more?There are several key scenes where you wonder to yourself if they are serious or joking , but they really do mean to be funny all the way around . The acting is great for the genre it 's in , you can tell that people put a lot of hard work into the movie . All of these people deserve to move up in the world of acting -- they fake bad acting and seriousness all at the same time , it makes for an extremely good laugh.Also , this is probably a great movie for a drinking game ... there 's a signal phrase or action in there somewhere , I 'm sure of it.Enjoy !
 The writer/director was serious about his craft with beautiful scenes from Virginia 's wine country and careful selection of actors . But he also brings a sense of humor to the genre with over-the-top characters and some outrageous lines that had me laughing so hard we had to rewind what I 'd missed . It has the feel of the old-time horror movies combined with a campy humor . Have a glass of wine and enjoy .
 Attack of the Vegan Zombies seemingly ignores the very nature of the zombie as a flesh-feaster , yet somehow pulls off a fine Indie horror film.Synopsis : Joe -LRB- Jim Townsend -RRB- is a struggling vineyard owner who ca n't catch a break . Bad weather , dry soil and other hindrances , both explainable and unexplainable , prevent him from having a good grape harvest and realizing his dream of a good life in the country . His loving and supportive wife Dionne -LRB- Christine Egan -RRB- does her best to be supportive and encourage her husband , but it 's no use ... Joe is ready to give it all up and takes solace in liquor , though he gave it up years ago.Dionne , not one to whither away like a raisin on the vine , decides to take matters into her own hand and consults her mother -LRB- H. Lynn Smith -RRB- , a witch from way back . Dionne too , complains mother , also has `` the gift '' and foolishly decided to turn her back on the old ways and go for the life of a vineyard owner 's wife - but that does n't stop her from helping her daughter cast a powerful spell to encourage the grapes to flourish and save the vineyard . Just a bit of blood from the now passed-out Joe and the spell is complete.The next year the vines are lush , packed with grapes bursting with juice , and it appears that a happy ending is in store ... but the vines seem to have a mind of their own and will stop at nothing to quench their unearthly thirst.Thoughts : Everything about Attack of the Vegan Zombies is all wrong , right from the start . Just the concept of a vegan zombie is just stupid , and zombie aficionados would n't be criticized for turning their back from the beginning ... but wait . Believe it or not , Attack of the Vegan Zombies actually works , and manages to make the unlikely concept fit acceptably within both Wiccan sensibility AND zombie lore . Not only that , but the camp is acceptably applied so as to lead one to believe that this is an actual horror movie rather than a silly farce . Plus the digs on vegans were particularly satisfying , especially for an avowed meat-eater . From a cinematic standpoint Attack of the Vegan Zombies is a pure success , mastering the elements of sound quality and cinematography that are often so elusive to those who create micro-budget Indie horror . The filming and sound are both gorgeous and add to the feel of a quality entry to the genre . The story is very strong and , actually somewhat believable for the most part ; the story element is often the strongpoint of the Indie horror scene , and Attack of the Vegan Zombies is no exception . This film was undoubtedly made with love and respect for horror.The performances of the actors are generally very good , especially Christine Egan as the hesitant witch . Most of the other characters are over-acted caricatures of real human beings , but for some reason that is not bothersome in this case . Well , the nerdy guys who come to pick grapes are especially overdone to the point that it is annoyingly noticeable in some parts , but the guys managed to win the viewer 's hearts over time . Writer/Director Jim Townsend is a little flat in his performance , but again , not to the detriment of the film . The girl-on-girl action more than makes up for it.I had decided before watching Attack of the Vegan Zombies that I was not going to like it . As a self-proclaimed `` zombie guy '' the whole concept was just too much to consider , but this film won me over soundly . Be prepared for some silly camp along with vines lurking around the grounds , but you can still settle in for a good time with this film . Of all of the Indie horror I watch , this is one of those rare productions that I have shown again to friends . That 's saying something .3 1/2 Freak Heads -LRB- out of 5 -RRB-
 I consider myself an avid cinefile , however , there are crater sized holes in my viewing history . The films of Pedro Almod&oacute;var and Zombie films are two of my greatest deficiencies . I spent 2009 working towards a respectable knowledge of Zombie films , but many of them seemed too slick - fast zombies with high production value , comedies wrenched from gore splattered premises , post-apocalyptic scenarios too farfetched for me to suspend my disbelief . The Zombie films I enjoyed all seemed to hearken back to Romero 's original whose craftsmanship indicated that perhaps actual Zombies were part of the filmmaking process . The lower budget Zombie films seemed more adept at my belief in Zombie lore and more creative . `` Attack of the Vegan Zombies '' has that wonderful grass roots quality to it . Ominous and unsettling , at times this film feels like a 1970s hard-to-categorize film . The distinct vineyard setting , the undercurrent of the ravishes of alcoholism , and the stoic quality of the lead actor all lead one to wonder , `` What is this film about ? '' For those who eschew airplane movies and Hollywood cranked-out crap , `` Attack of the Vegan Zombies '' is a stagger in the right direction . The directorial debut of Jim Townsend may have some imperfections but the true zombie of the film world is the dearth of original thought - I found `` Attack of the Vegan Zombies '' all together human and certainly worth watching .
 This is how it 's done . What a fantastic little zombie movie . I 've seen literally hundreds of these low - or no-budget efforts , and _ Attack of the Vegan Zombies _ is now easily in my top 5 . It 's funny and original ; it 's made with love , and comes off as being more Quality than the average fare . I 've never written an Amazon review for an indie zombie flick , but I felt I really should for this one . If you 're a seasoned zombie-movie watcher like myself , you owe it to yourself to check this out .
 He told larry king 20 years after this was made that he liked making movies and you have got to assume Tony Rome was one of them because he seems to be having a good time here ... And he does his own stunts!Running in pursuit on a beach in broad daylight in Miami where its got to be 90 degrees says something about conviction ! Sinatra has got to be in his 50s here and after all the booze and the broads -LRB- Ring a ding ding ! -RRB- it must be more like 60 ` s!And the fight scene indoors shows Frank still quick with his hands and its not speeded up in the editing either.I wonder if his friend Mitchum -LRB- Not as a Stranger -RRB- saw this performance and used some of the same mannerisms a few years later in Farewell My Lovely ; some of the same private eye 40s arrogance is similarly delivered.You look at this picture and think what a really good natural actor Frank Sinatra actually was.Its more of a surprise -LRB- Tony Rome -RRB- than anything else . . Good show
 Frank Sinatra 's first movie as Detective Tony Rome . A good movie for those of us over 60 who remember Frank . It has all the gender clich&eacute;s of the 60 's , and might make the modern woman roll her eyes.Good quality disc in wide screen format .
 Tony Rome showcases Sinatra at his best . There is suspense and drama to keep you interested and involved . Supporting cast is worth watching , especially Richard Conte .
 Francis Albert Sinatra , number one performer of the 20th Century , Patron Saint of New Jersey is great as the character , Tony Rome in this film .
 This stylish mystery has the best of the nascent `` new '' Hollywood , made about the same time as The Graduate , Easy Rider , when the more `` realistic '' film was in demand , the outsider managing to buck the system and emerge the hero.Here Sinatra is a tough guy , alright , but he admits he 's `` out of shape '' , he out of money , out of luck with the broads . An old school Detective , haunted by the violent demise of his idol , his Dad , also with Law Enforcement . He 's happy to squeak by , in his run down 1940s styled office in downtown Miami , and maintaining his boat which mostly stays moored to the dock . But he takes on a case involving a millionaire 's daughter , missing diamonds , blackmail and bigamy.Alot of plot , as you can imagine , but the Sinatra-isms keep you interested - several cameos add an olive or two to the martini
 This is one of Frank Sinatra 's better films , though it is about average plot wise for an outing like this . A PI single handedly breaks a case while smoking , drinking and making wise cracks . Frank himself is always a joy . However , what makes this a five star film is Deanna Lund . It was one of her biggest roles as a beautiful young starlet and was actually to be her last hurrah before returning to Florida as a businesswoman . However , Irwin Allen saw the rushes and knew that Deanna was the perfect Valerie for Land of the Giants and the rest is history . Her one scene steals the film and Frank was definitely impressed , but that 's another story .
 By the time the late sixties rolled around , Frank Sinatra was finishing up perhaps the third incarnation of his lengthy career -- That of the Rat Pack leader . He 'd already distinguished himself as a singer and won an academy award , having bounced back from the rough times of the early fifties . Tony Rome was made during the heyday of the James Bond craze , and I for one was glad to see the American Private Detective represented with such style and panache . This movie , as well as Paul Newman 's Harper , mark a singular time in American cinema . Both protrayed the hardboiled dick the way he supposed to be portrayed
 I bought the video version of this two years ago here but I have n't had a chance watching it . I tried recently to watch it but I had to stop the tape since it was late . But last Thursday I had a chance to watch some of the movie when it was on the Fox Movie Channel and I bought the DVD on Sunday at the store . Here 's what I learned
 I am so glad I could purchase this old movie as a dvd . This is a great asset to my old movie collection .
 Gordon Douglas ' `` Tony Rome '' ranks as an average whodunit that benefitsimmensely from Joseph Biroc 's fantastic widescreen lensing in actual , authentic Miami locations . First off , `` Tony Rome '' is no `` MalteseFalcon '' or `` Big Sleep '' and Frank Sinatra-for all of his cool moves-isno Humphrey Bogart . Nevertheless , this detectives ' story is complicatedenough , humorous enough , and relies on enough gumshoe conventions tomake it entertaining . What surprised me about everything that I 've readhere and at other Internet websites is that nobody observed that `` TonyRome '' was the only movie that ole Blue Eyes made that had a sequel.Sinatra never played the same named character more than once excepthere and in `` Lady In Cement . '' Another interesting fact is that old BlueEyes must have gotten along well with veteran helmer Gordon Douglasbecause Douglas directed him in `` Tony Rome '' and then `` The Detective `` and then `` Lady in Cement . '' Earlier , Douglas called shots on Sinatra ` sRat Pack clan gangster movie `` Robin and the 7 Hoods '' and even earlier `` Young at Heart . '' As sensitive as Sinatra was about his friends andco-workers and as ready as he was to punish them for their slights , thefact that he worked with Douglas so many times must say something.Perhaps Douglas was simply compliant . Compliant or otherwise , GordonDouglas was one of those extremely efficient but rarely celebratedHollywood helmers . Reportedly , Sinatra hated to shoot a scene more thanonce and some directors-even Oscar winning Lewis Milestone-were contentto follow his wishes.Oscar winning scenarist Richard L. Breen , who penned the BarbaraStanwyck version of `` Titanic '' as well as `` PT-109 , '' knew a thing or twoabout writing hard-boiled detective dialogue . He wrote enough `` Dragnet `` episodes to ensure this quality . Breen 's screenplay contains somehilarious moments that do rank up there with `` The Big Sleep '' and thehorse racing dialogue scene between Bogart and Lauren Bacall . In thisinstance , a client shows up at Rome 's roomy office and tries to hirehim to investigate their kitty cat because `` pussy does n't smile '' anymore . I suspect that even in 1967 everybody knew that this was racyjoke . Later , there is a scene between a gorgeous stripper and her fat , worrisome roommate . The fat roommate slaps around the curvaceousstripper and then both cry and hold each other . Tony Rome observes themwith all the cynicism in the world and switches off the lights for themand leaves their trailer . Surely , this must have raised some eyebrowsback in 1967 , especially since the Production Code Administration wason its last legs.As for the plot , `` Tony Rome '' is mild compared to the classics . Miamiprivate investigator Tony Rome does a favor for his ex-partner RalphTurpin -LRB- Robert J. Wilke of `` The Magnificent Seven '' at his slimy best -RRB- who saved his life once . The unsavory Turpin is a house detective at aseedy hotel , and he has a young drunken dame on his hands that he needsto get rid of before the Miami Police give him flak . It turns out thathe rolled her for fifty bucks and he winds up paying Rome $ 200 to takeher off his hands . The dame is pretty Diana Pines -LRB- Sue Lyon of `` Lolita '' -RRB- the daughter of wealthy construction magnate Rudy Kosterman -LRB- Simon Oakland of `` Bullitt '' -RRB- and Rome takes her home without gettingTurpin in trouble . Kosterman pays off Rome to make sure that his familydoes n't get in the headlines . The next day Diana shows up at Rome ` shouseboat . She appears to have lost a diamond stick pin valued at $ 5-thousand and she wants it back without her father knowing about it.No sooner does she tell Rome about the pin than a couple of thugs showup and give Rome the option of a pistol butt over the head orchloroform . One nice trait of Sinatra 's Tony Rome is that the guy is nohero . He chooses chloroform and the thugs trash his boat , only to findzilch . Interestingly , Lloyd Gough , who portrayed the idiotic Sentinelnews reporter on the TV series `` The Green Hornet , '' plays a strong-armguy who roughs up Rome . Rome is a gambler , too , who often loses.Moreover , his back story is that his father was a Miami cop who tangledwith the wrong politician and committed suicide . Tony quit the forceand earns peanuts as a private eye . Eventually , Rome finds himself upto his neck in trouble with his own cop buddy , Lieutenant Santini -LRB- Richard Conte of `` The Violent Professionals '' -RRB- because he finds Turpinshot dead in his office . Meanwhile , Rome discovers that the preciouspin that Pines wants recovered is made out of glass . He also suspectsthat Kosterman 's lovely wife Rita -LRB- the ever lovely Gena Rowlands -RRB- hassomething to hide . The high point of the plot occurs when an importedgunman tries to kill Kosterman at his construction site . Shecky Greeneof TV 's `` Combat '' shows up briefly as a hit-man who has been arrested somany times that he knows the law better than his lawyers . Thefabulously beautiful Jill St. John of `` Diamonds Are Forever '' slumsthrough several scenes with Sinatra as a three-time married vodkaguzzling babe . For a while , it looks like Tony Rome is going to get thegirl , but no such luck . She goes back to hubby number three because hehas bought her a new nightgown and a new honeymoon in Nassau . `` Tony Rome '' has more plot than action and it lacks noisy gunfights , carchases and nudity , but it is a good Sinatra flick .
 This is a great retro film . A detective story set in Miami in 1967 with classic cars and boats and beautiful women.The plot and characters are quite interesting and it benefits from a clever dialogue and good retro pictures of Miami Beach . Enjoy it .
 Tony Rome five -LRB- out of -RRB- five stars two tumbs up . Vivid action graphics surrounds Frank Sinatra in a ditetoves world of crime . Suspenseful movie.Gungfights makeup for the weak storyline . Older kids -LRB- 10 and up -RRB- will handle the movie varywell . Young kids debateable.For the most part pretty clean . Kissing and adultcontent makes the movie debateable for young odences .
 This is a really entertaining movie . Now , you have to understand that I dislike Sinatra 's music , manner , appearance , habits etc etc. . Not my generation-my dad 's generation with their cigarettes and hats and sexist banter -LRB- oh , they believed it too -RRB- . This movie is a GREAT time capsule of the year 1967 or thereabouts ... a year in which I was a teenager . There 's a super shot of a brand new '67 Camaro -LRB- I was to get a new '68 a year later those were the days -RRB- . The movies is , to me , a comedy and timecapsule . Attractive women abound who mostly act like incompetent children -LRB- of course -RRB- . At least , as in elvis movies , it 's not a musical with the star singing his way to glory . I 'd have to mute that.a good buy if you like really silly snapshots of what passed for serious during one of the most serious and tragic periods in our nations history . I give it five stars for humor that 's all and the cars .
 The first in two films featuring Sinatra as the title detective , `` Tony Rome '' is about as hardboiled as the 60 's would allow with witty dialog and strong performances from a veteran cast . Sinatra 's delightfully cynical performance as Rome and a couple of twisted performances by Gena Rowlands and Simon Oakland keep this film interesting . Rome is called in by his ex-partner to return the daughter of a wealthy businessman -LRB- Simon Oakland -RRB- found passed out in a seedy hotel room . When Rome 's ex-partner is found dead and the girl 's diamond pin is found missing , Rome finds himself hip deep in the middle of a new unwelcome mystery to solve . Rome meets and romances the wealthy and cynical Anne Archer -LRB- Jill St. John -RRB- and he must figure out if she figures in the mystery as well.I detected no digital flaws . A very sharp , nice transfer `` Tony Rome '' looks really good on DVD with some minor analog flaws that crop up from time to time in the form of film splotches found , no doubt , on the original negative . The mono sound comes across with nice presence and the dialog is crisp and clear throughout.We get trailers for a variety of Fox films from the 1960 's . My favorite is for one horror of the 60 's `` Fathom '' and a interesting formula western `` Bandolero ! '' both featuring Raquel Welch . The latter film is memorable for Jimmy Stewart and Dean Martin who appear as brothers -LRB- ! -RRB- in the film . There 's also Raquel Welch in the `` Fantastic Voyage '' and other interesting trailers.A solid , fun mystery with a memorable cynical performance by Sinatra , `` Tony Rome '' still packs a punch . It 's a great 60 's detective flick and overcomes its dated trappings with a smart , witty script .
 Not as bright and crisp as Lady In Cement but a delight all the same . Frank Sinatra plays Tony Rome with a touch of down at the heels class . Jill St John takes lines that would be cheesy in the hands of a less capable actress and makes them ring with humor and mirth . It 's a toss up who gets the best line
 TONY ROME , if you had noticed , is not a Republic Pictures B detective movie . It 's up a grade or two with a dashing good script and ... WHAT a cast ! Sinatra joins a well known crowd of movie detectives ; the Marlowes , etal . as he sleuths for assorted clients . Well , maybe not in Charlie Chan 's class , a gumshoe who never laid a bookie bet as Tony Rome often does . The suspect end of the plot is loaded with decoys , but at the end everyting is sorted out , the crime is resolved and the criminals are either dead or ... well , best to see TONY ROME to find out . You just ca n't help enjoying Sinatra 's laid back style . Yeh ! I think younger folks could handle this film . The language is unsmutty . The sex is rather subtle and nothing naughty goes on in the back seat of Sinatra 's Ford-bulls-eye-tail-lites convertible The violence is certainly minimal by today 's standards . For example , my wife at the finish asked , `` Has he killed only three people ? '' Actually , I counted about five . TONY ROME is an excellent B + + + + + movie that does n't lag a moment ... even in the mushy scenes and there ai n't that much smoochin ' anyway .
 I read many westerns , and your immediate question may be
 There is more than a little Sinatra in this man called Tony Rome . Hard drinking , broad loving , pony betting , it 's all here and it 's all good . Between long drags on his Luckys , Sinatra is a real man 's man in the way he handles broads as well as tough guys in this one . A confirmed bachelor living on his boat , proves the ideal setting for this devil-may-care private eye who shrugs off gorgeous babes as easily as he outwits the heavies trying to keep him from their secrets . Being equally quick with fists and wits allows Tony Rome to get out of dutch faster than you can say , `` Hey Pal , make mine a double . '' If smoking , drinking , and carousing make you long for the good old days , then get this video . Oh yeah , have one for Ol' Blue Eyes and me while you watch it .
 TONY ROME at the time of its release represented cutting edge `` realism '' that was disturbing , stimulating and refreshing . We do n't see it as such now ; but films in the 1960 's were just beginning to bring sex more out in the open than had been before . As far as mass entertainment was concerned , sex was more suggested than shown in the previous history of movies . Think of the end of NORTH BY NORTHWEST . The culminating sex between Cary Grant and Eva Marie Saint was related by a visual of a speeding train running into a mountain tunnel . By the early 1960 's , the James Bond movies were notorious for the `` on screen sex '' . Only the hip went to see James Bond-the squares avoided them for fear of being labeled scum . Naturally , the `` hip '' numbers were never big enough to give James Bond movies the success they had - `` someone '' was watching them.Nowadays movies such as DR. NO and GOLDFINGER seem innocent and almost nave by today 's standards . -LRB- I remember turning several shades of red with embarrassment when my step-father called up the local movie house manager and gave him hell after viewing ROSEMARY 'S BABY there the night before . -RRB- The change was due in part to movies such as TONY ROME.A good part of the scandal rested not only in the subject matter of TONY ROME ; but also in the fact that Old Blue Eyes Frank Sinatra was blazing the trail . At first people just could n't believe it . Sinatra was an icon of the established entertainment industry many thought should have upheld the more respectful standards . On the other hand , just as many thought that if it was OK with Frank then it was OK.TONY ROME depicts a seedy crime story of dupes , connivers , small time crooks , pushers , hookers and blackmailers . Rome himself likes the ladies and the ladies seem to like him even more-several throw themselves at him in the course of the story but to their disappointment he is a bit choosey . -LRB- One gets the sense Rome has a great deal of experience in bedding the ladies-enough to know when some are just far more trouble than they are worth . -RRB- Tony Rome is a former cop who has seen it all who does n't mind breaking the law for his own purposes-he is so immersed in the dirty world he works in that he is just this side of being on the `` good guy '' team . In this particular story , in the end he is protecting someone we normally would think deserves to be exposed and punished.With the fact that he lives on a boat in the Miami harbor , readers of detective fiction will recognized Rome is loosed based on Dwight McDonald 's Travis McGee character-an intelligent , world-weary detective who lives by his own code of right and wrong . But this is definitely Frank Sinatra 's movie and so the comparisons evaporate pretty quickly . Although this was 1967 and the infamous `` Summer of Love '' , there is little trace of the counterculture and the one scene that does exhibit it seems to be little more than an updating of a 1950 's beatnik coffee house . -LRB- Brings to mind those old DRAGNET episodes where we are supposed to believe this clean-cut 30 year-old is a hippie because he 's wearing sunglasses and love beads . -RRB- No this is a world Sinatra himself knew of
 The original poster for this film - Sinatra in a doorway , ogling a lingerie-clad young lovely on a bed - is a bit misleading . TONY ROME -LRB- 1967 -RRB- is n't nearly as sexy or seedy as the image and tagline -LRB- `` The action is so fast it 's a wonder Tony Rome stays alive and single '' -RRB- might suggest . But this Frank Sinatra vehicle , the first of a series that stalled after the second outing -LRB- 1968 's LADY IN CEMENT -RRB- , is a pretty solid late 60s post-noir private eye flick , set in Florida and starring Frankie as the title character , a somewhat down-and-out -LRB- are n't they always ? -RRB- ex-cop , now PI , who lives on a boat he won in a card game . Though it 's a down-to-earth PI film it 's easy to imagine that it might have been Sinatra 's attempt to compete with his pal Dino 's spy spoof Matt Helm series which had gotten underway the previous year . Like that series , the focus is on snappy dialogue , a world-weary main character , drinking , and dames . Tony Rome , though , has a modicum of seriousness and is on the whole a better piece of work than any of the Matt Helm flicks , as fun as they can be , or much of the rest of its heavy spy/PI competition from the period.As the film begins Rome is summoned to a cheap motel room to take care of a problem
 Tony Rome is one of Sinatra 's best underrated performances.He is a Miami PI hired by a millionaire to do clean up when the rich man daughter is found in a hotel room . This turns into a dead ex partner in Rome 's office.Rome is a hardboiled detective like Phillip Marlowe or Spenser style . Rome could have been a great series for Frank , however only one sequal Lady in Cement was made ... too bad . This fast paced movie was witty and slick . With Sinatra in the driver 's seat , you know you are watching a winnerBennet Pomerantz , AUDIOWORLD
 By Far the best anime I 've seen !!!!!!! , the story was superb , the twists and it left you in tears near the end , forcing you to chew on your keyboard/Remote from the Suspense ! you will love it !!! The last 10 episodes were just magnificent and I cant even count the amount of times I was on the verge of tears -LRB- ep 45 especially -RRB- While the show was slow to start none of those episodes were wasted . The quality of the character development for Eureka and Renton is just staggering , even the kids in the final eps . I have n't been as pleased with a show as this in such a long time , and I really think it represents the absolute best in anime . Great story , fantastic characters , great writing etc. . This seriously is the type of series where the word `` timeless '' comes to mind .
 Eureka Seven is one of the most remarkable coming-of-age sagas in any medium.Renton Thurston 's painful journey from bratty teenager to confident young man is brilliantly told in the format of a rousing adventure story and a highly unusual romance . Just who * is * the pale , quiet girl whose only name is `` Eureka ? '' Renton 's odyssey to find out leads him across the world and beyond in the most remarkable anime series I 've ever seen.Eureka Seven 's unique world is slowly revealed as Renton impulsively joins Gekkostate , the highly individualistic crew of the renegade airship Gekko-go . But only gradually does he come to realize that Gekkostate is much more than a band of eccentric pirates . As they run from their own shocking past toward a future in which the existence of the entire planet is on the line , Renton is forced to grow up fast -- and bring Eureka along with him -- if humanity is to survive.If you 're new to anime , Eureka Seven can hardly be surpassed as an introduction to the best of the genre . And even if you 're already an anime fan , you wo n't find better writing or more subtle plotting , or a more richly-detailed background for a powerful story , than this . But be warned , when it 's over you 'll be saying that fifty episodes is n't nearly enough . Highest recommendation .
 This was an amazing conclusion to a very well done series . It managed to keep things changing and unexpected , all while presenting a well told and dynamic conclusion to the story and avoiding significant cliches . Everything introduced throughout the series 50 episode run comes together to present this concrete and satisfying conclusion that manages to avoid making things feel to fairy tale or textbook , but still does n't fall in to the trap of overdoing it or making things too ambiguous and leaving a lot of loose ends.This series is a character drama , and as such that is the real focus of the finale . The conflict and how it presents itself plays a significant factor , no doubt about it , but Renton and Eureka are the true focus and in that regard they pull it off perfectly . It 's a roller coaster ride with a lot of ups and downs , times that feel like all is lost and times you ca n't help but cheer at the screen . On top of that , a lot of things are explained in this volume regarding the story and the world the series takes place on.All in all it 's a magnificent conclusion that does n't disappoint . I find that usually is the biggest problem I encounter with anime is that the conclusions tend to be disappointing . I 'm very happy that Eureka Seven , one of my favorite series , did not encounter this problem . This is especially relieving considering I read the manga through and was disappointed by how it was concluded.This is a special edition , so it comes with a shirt like the others . In this case we get a light green shirt in size large with the military 's logos printed on the upper front and upper back of the shirt . It also comes with the 2nd , and last , volume of the 2nd manga series ; `` Gravity Boys & Lifting Girl '' , which is n't bad , but it does n't relate to the events in the series much at all . Another soundtrack is also provided with the full versions of all the intro and closing songs in the series , and for the game as well . It also has the final song of the series , though that was also provided as a full version in the second OST with volume 7 .
 Ok but it needs more episodes because the whole series is way better but that 's just my opinion . .
 Final episodes tide up the series . I was not sure when I finished the First Complete series box set a while ago . I thought the series needed more to complete it . Felt unfinished , I looked for more but nothing showed up on the net so I moved on . I rewatched the series and thought it would be nice to see if there was a second season , to my surprise I found all the disc 's for the second series to complete the story line . The disc were cheap on cost but the 11th Vol was pricey , so I shelled out the clams to complete the set . Good part was the 11th Vol came with a tee shirt and a box to house the other disc 's . I like Box Set its more artwork .
 this is one series you hope thier is a OVA.it never lost track on what they wanted to show in the series.that is of coarse to show how both Renton and Euerka grew . It ended on a happy note , so that it good.the only proplem I had with it , was it did not show what happen to the grew of the Gekko state.not a huge deal I think , but it would have been nice if they did.If like Anime , this is a series for you :-RRB- enjoy !!
 One of the funniest shows I have ever seen . Whether you are Latino or not you wo n't stop laughing . Joey Medina is one of the rising stars of comedy . Alex Reynundo , Willie Barcena , Mike Robles and Darren Carter also give standout performances !
 this movie is really good , i like a movie with clues coming together , to show the big picture.james woods maybe off the force , but he 's still in the game.the movie moves at a good pace with a great ending.a real sleeper from the 80 's i had never seen before .
 From Dick Tracy to Dirty Harry , the story is the same
 I 've just watched this movie again having not seen it for at least 15 years . I was n't dissapointed . Its a cracking film which relies on a good story by James Ellroy -LRB- L.A. Confidential was also by him -RRB- , quality acting , and the screen presence of James Woods to keep you riveted to the screen . Unlike most modern films this is not full of CGI effects , car chases and explosions.Woods plays a Sergeant in the LAPD who believes he is on the trail of a serial killer . Rather like Eastwoods Harry Callaghan Wood 's character is a maverick who will stop at nothing to get his man . This is an 18 certificate and there is a lot of implied sexual violence and quite a lot of fake blood on display . This all done quite subtley though and the gory scenes are mostly brief.I watched this film and The Bourne Ultimatum back to back . Whilst their film-making styles are completly different , and Cop was filmed 20 years ago , it certainly merits comparison with the latter film . I have no hestitation in recommending the film .
 A TAUGHT MURDER MYSTERY WITH THE WILD & CRAZY JAMES WOODS AS AN ON THE EDGE COP.A GRIZZLY KILLING.A TRAIL THAT LEADS THE VIEWER DOWN A DARK PATH!A MUST SEE !! RIVETING !!
 The real charm of this movie is n't so much the plot -LRB- which is not bad -RRB- but in watching the real topic of the film -- the self-destructiveness of the main character , played by James Woods . Sort of a movie within a movie .
 I ordered this DVD and it arrived within two days . It was exactly what I ordered and it came as the description brand new . Would definitely buy from this seller again .
 This is one of the best cop movies ever made . I did n't get to see this thing until maybe five years ago and it was purely accidental . I could n't believe I had missed such a great flick . James Woods is just so classic in this . Everything is just gritty as hell . It 's all straight to the point . Just look at the title . One of the best endings to a movie I 've ever seen , and only Woods could pull it off . Just ... just plain good from beginning to end . He plays a guy you just love to watch . How he relates to his family and fellow officers , his kid , his wife -LRB- he hates -RRB- ... and his drive and passion to find the bad guy and end things quick and dirty . Dirty Harry met his match with this guy . To think it 's coming out on DVD now , and just now ! What the hell is that about ? Movies like this should be bumped up on the list for DVD production without question.Woods ' delivery of body language , sarcasm , force of will , whit , and general manner is unmatched by many of today 's `` tough guys . '' Watch the master at work here . After the final scene when the screen flashes to black -LRB- it does n't fade at all , which works perfectly -RRB- , I literally yelled out loud with a clenched fist in the air , `` Hell Yeah ! `` If you liked the attitude in Mel Gibson 's Payback , you 'll eat this one up alive .
 When I first saw COP back in 1988 , I could not believe how tough and on-the-edge this action thriller was ... not to mention the film 's total lack of respect for political correctness . James Woods is brilliant and in rare form here . Be warned . Language , action and attitudes are frank . Characters are hardcore and flawed - this includes the hero - and nothing is censored for mainstream tastes.If you 're looking for a politically correct sissy movie like the forgettable PG-13 crap they make today , where all content is watered down so that some conservative soccer mom in Utah can enjoy herself , stay away . This movie means business and does not pull any punches ... which is why I love it!James Woods plays Lloyd Hopkins , a hard-boiled American police detective on the trail of a serial murderer who is victimizing women in Los Angeles . The pursuit leads him through a world that has become his own natural habitat . . a nasty , uncompromising world of crime , drugs , prostitution and male hustlers where `` innocence kills , '' according to Hopkins , and continued exposure corrupts.Paradoxically , this harsh world is also a world of love , secret admirers , romantic feminist poets and modern chivalry . But these elements are woven underneath the tough exterior.I do n't want to say too much about this movie , just this . BUY IT AND WATCH IT ! Definitely recommeneded ! But it 's only for cool guys who love the hardboiled tough stuff ! James Woods has never been better !
 Maverick detective Lloyd Hopkins -LRB- James Woods -RRB- stumbles upon a serial killer that has been undiscovered until now when he discovers a crime scene involving ritualistic style murder . Tied into a network of swingers , the killer taunts Hopkins by writing letters ostensibly addressed to his victims but really designated for the police . Just as he is about to put the pieces together the pieces of his personal life fall apart when his wife leaves him -LRB- `` you 're a sick man '' -RRB- with their daughter because she 's afraid he 'll pass along his `` sickness '' to their daughter . Equal parts brilliant , defiant and unorthodox Hopkins is n't a likeable man but he does n't have to be ; he 's a typical hardboiled screwed up anti-hero . He may not be somebody you like but he has a clear idea of right and justice . Hopkins must pursue the leads himself when solving this case becomes his personal obsession . `` Cop '' is as brilliant , unorthodox and defiant as its main character . Producer/director James B. Harris does n't allow the material to get away from him and James Woods . Playing like a darker more serious variation on the Dirty Harry films , Harris and Woods do n't stoop to imitation and plow their own ground planting the seeds of an involving , powerful and sometimes unpleasant murder mystery . A cult classic , `` Cop '' finally reappears and will hopefully get its due as an uncompromising and powerful crime drama that does n't shy away from the nasty side of the street nor does it try to gussy up the drama . A unknown classic much like -LRB- although quite different in tone from -RRB- `` Night Moves '' , fans of noir films will love this adaptation of James Ellroy 's -LRB- `` L. A. Confidential '' -RRB- novel.Although it does n't receive a top notch transfer , `` Cop '' looks extremely good . The images are crisp throughout most of the movie and while there is a hint of edge enhancement that crops up now and again the film looks , for the most part , like it should-dark . As a modern day variation on film noir , the film has just the right texture and feel for the genre with deep , rich shadows and muted colors . The 2.0 Dolby Digital Surround track is pretty basic-the stereo effects work quite well but are n't always used to optimal effect . Still , the action sequences and scenes where the score take center stage sound robust and have a nice kick to them.Beyond previews we do n't any extras . The audience for this film is so small its unlikely that it will probably receive the attention its due unless a company like Anchor Bay licenses it at some point . Including the original theatrical trailer would have been a nice touch and I 'm surprised that MGM chose not to include it as part of the package.There is n't a commentary track here . It 's unfortunate because the movie certainly could use a commentary track from Woods or Harris . Which Harris shooting `` The Black Dahlia '' -LRB- as producer with Brian De Palma directing based on another James Ellroy novel -RRB- hopefully we 'll see this reissued with something in the way of commentary or extras.A marvelous dark film that wo n't be everyone 's cup of tea , `` Cop '' is a worthwhile film . The transfer is solid without analog flaws . It 's a pity that `` Cop '' does n't have any extras but it has a fairly small audience .
 Director/Producer James B. Harris has a pretty impressive resume
 I first saw `` Cop '' when it was released , and remember thinking how brooding and disturbed it was at the time . I just re-watched it on DVD , and think it still holds up remarkably well , though it 's not for the faint of heart . James Woods is perfect as the jaded homicide investigator Lloyd Hopkins , who is assigned a ghastly case involving a young woman . His mentor , Dutch Peltz -LRB- Charles Durning -RRB- assists his investigation by repeatedly running interference for him , as their supervisor Captain Fred Gaffney -LRB- Raymond J. Barry -RRB- has a personal distaste for Hopkins , and doubts his theory that the latest victim is the most recent in a string of serial killings . While the entire cast in this film acquits themselves very well , Woods , During , and Barry are all tremendous in their roles , with Durning turning in the most nuanced performance in my estimation . The final cop with a major role in the film is crooked Deputy `` Whitey '' Haines , played by the great character actor Charles Haid , who is both menacing and creepy.Hopkins has trouble at home , and his wife leaves him and takes the one thing he truly loves with him
 My husband is a big James Woods fan - he even met him this past summer ! I was so glad to find this older title available , he loved it !
 The ending of the movie made it all worthwhile for me . I am a big James Woods fan so always enjoy him .
 James Woods and James B Harris made a brilliant film out of James Ellroy 's '' Blood On The Moon '' . Outstanding supporting cast as well.Charles Durning once again turns in a stellar co-starring role.This is a must see , one of James Woods very best .
 I want a special edition dvd of this film.Its one of my favorites and it needs to be on dvd.James woods brings your average cop vs killer story to screaming life.think dirty harry if played by james woods and you will know exactly what this film is like.They show it on the bravo channel alot , my vhs is worn out , I want it on dvd !
 I this video . This is well worth every penny.If you are/were a fan of `` Bear in a Big Blue House '' -LRB- Disney -RRB- then you 'll love the character of Jake the Polar Bear and his silly sidekick , Stinky the Skunk.Done in a talk show format each episode contains a music video , `` Habitat Time '' , `` Baby Talk '' , quizes and more.As an adult even I learned a few interesting things watching the video.The characters are a lot of fun -LRB- Armstrong the Chicken Hawk is funny -RRB- . They are whimsical and very realistic.I can see this quickly becoming a favorite with your child .
 Bought this dvd for my nephew after he caught some episodes of the Animal Show with Stinky & Jake on another Jim Henson dvd ` The Song from the Cloud Forest & Other Earth Stories ' . Being a young dino & animal enthusiast , he seemed to love them very much because the episodes mixes puppetry , music and real footages of animals . Each episode focuses on two selected animals and information on the animals are presented in a very kid friendly , humourous and imaginative way . Besides this , puppetry is used to stimulate a ` talk show ' whereby invited guest animals are interviewed by Stinky and Jake with often hillarious results . Highly satisfied with the product and Amazon 's service to foreign customers like me . However , if I may , could Amazon please look into another hugely popular Jim Henson series ` Dinosaur Train ' recently being released on 3 separate dvds by PBS Kids because they are extremely difficult to find online -LRB- which is the only option for foreign customers -RRB- . Two of the titles ` Dinosaurs Under the Sea ' and ` Dinosaurs in the Snow ' are available for pre-order from Amazon but the first dvd released ` Dino-Mighty Music ' has not been available since pre-order status . Besides this , other online stores also do not have the stock for this title which is only availabe from the PBS Kids website which only caters to US orders . Thanks .
 I actually liked this movie a lot mostly because after getting to the end , I was SO surprised by it that I went form its just OK to way cool . Once you know the end , watching it again , changes how you `` see '' the actors responses.Pare ` is really good in it once you understand his actions which are kind of bland through most of the movie until the final scenes where he comes on strong . Russell is great with her script . Definitely worth a bit of change .
 If you are a true fan of Michael Pare'I reccomend this film.In My opinion its one of his best . Superb acting job as always but such a excellant storyline .
 what could be said about a horror movie where an evil clown tickles people to death?Is there finally something new under the sun for horror fans?Most definitely.I 've always known that tickle torture has an untapped horror potential . When I was young , I 'd had nightmares about being chased and tickled by the old , creepy Hamburglar and the Micky Mouse from Disney World -LRB- I suppose I was too young and frightened to consider if someone was actually in the costume -RRB- . I could never figure out which was worse , them tickling me or the loud echo my laughter always had in those nightmares.Of all the people or things in the world I 'd want tickling me , they were n't one of them.For that matter , neither is a fat , pasty-faced clown with a squeaky voice.My fellow horror fans often complain about the state of horror movies these days . Nothing but remakes and rip-offs . There 's nothing original anymore.Well , it does n't get any more original than this.The fact is , it works . Gitchy works.Oh yes , there 's tickling . The actors really were tickled . There 's no lingering over the tickle scenes , and that 's okay with me.Is this the start of something new ? Will someone in Tinseltown take his head out of his corporate overlords ' collective @ $ $ es and take notice ? Will Gitchy go Hollywood ? Will there be fear and trembling on Elm Street ? Well - let 's not get ahead of ourselves.But I have to admit
 I really enjoyed the convenience of chosing the exact show I wanted to see . I buy a lot of products from amazon , so why not tv shows . And it stays in my library , so I can whatch it whenever
 Good quality product also and fast service . Would recommend to others . Picture quality was great and the sound quality was good also . The storyline was very good .
 Good quality product and fast service . Would recommend to others . Picture quality was clear and sound quality was good . The show itself has a good storyline .
 I really liked this episode and I believe it deserves five stars . My favorite songs were If I ca n't have you , Stayin ' Alive , and Disco Inferno.My favorite Glee Couples are Brittana , and Klaine .
 I loved this episode because it gave us the chance to see the softer side of Santana for once . Santana is becoming one my favorites out of the whole show .
 This show is amazing and inspires kids to be themselves . I would recomend this show to anyone . It has real-life problems that any teen would face . I find it facintating !
 Love Glee its as been good for me because it have been getting out and walking Im losing weight and teaching that I 'm born this way I 'm gay like boys I 'm expressing for yourself and Born This Way
 The Warblers are adorable ... Uptown Girl ! Oh . My . God . That was adorable . And Sebastian is amazing , BTW . He and Santana are my favorites .
 I love Glee . This episode came as such a surprise ! I would definitely watch this episode for sure . I just ca n't believe what happened .
 For an &#34; older &#34; viewer , this is just pure fun escapism . The plots seem silly sometimes , but the actors are talented and the musical productions fun to watch .
 I would put 5 stars but because of the few interruptions I am rating 4 stars , my connection to the internet was fine but who knows if there were communication problems at those interruptions.The series are great and I recommend them to people who like music and dance .
 I 've only watched a few episodes . My kids loved it ! They are currently recording Season 4 on the DVR and still love it !
 I am glad to have the episodes via Season 3 on my video library . I can watch the episodes on my video library at anytime . Yet , I still enjoy watching the episodes from Seasons 2 & 3 .
 I love this show . It has heart , it has humor , it has music , what more could you ask for ? Not the best music in season 3 .
 Enjoyed it but did not buy the next season due to the cost . After a season is completed and a new one is started it should be free for prime customers
 Glee is my all time favorite show . I stopped watching &#34; regular &#34; TV years ago due to the commercials and the time framing . When Amazon turned my Prime account into a streaming video account , I found out I could watch commercial free television shows at my leisure , it was great and Glee is the best of the best !!
 For all those die hard &#34; Gleeks &#34; out there what can I say ? A wonderful episode of a truly groundbreaking show .
 I give the episode a five star rating for the four reasons I watched .1 . Samcedes2 . Kurtcedes3 . Wade/Unique / Alex4 . BrittanaThere scenes and songs made my night . I have bought every episode that has had Samcedes story lines/scenes .
 Yay ! Bieste is back . Blaine does the Carlton dance . Kurt and Rachel get fierce . Poor confused Quinn . I LOVED this episode ! I 'm so excited for the rest of season three I might seriously have to take some kind of pill.Favorite line of the night
 I love this series ! I started watching to see Damian McGinty , -LRB- I 'm a huge Celtic Thunder fan ! -RRB- and got hooked on on the series . Ca n't wait for the next season to start !
 I feel really bad for santana in this episode . But It really showcases her talents with Mercedes once again ! Also I like where the storyline is going !
 I think that this season shows a lot of promise . I really enjoyed the last three episodes and ca n't wait for the season to resume on November 1 !!!! Although I must say that I did n't find season 2 as disappointing as some people did , so I 'm not as critical on Glee as those who did .
 So far I ca n't wait to see more , and I am only disappointed that Ep 4 IS STILL not available and it 's friday night ... what 's the deal amazon?Ignore the haters , they are crying because the show is NOT more of the same of the last seasons . They are clearly trying to get you attached to some `` new '' -LRB- not really new , but definitely those you are not used to getting such a spotlight -RRB- characters that you have previously only accepted as secondary characters , because they do n't want the show to fall flat when they graduate Rachel . I am personally really excited to see how Mike Chang 's storyline progresses , and while people always whine about Kurt getting so much airtime , I do n't think the show would be the same without him . My mother and I love Kurt , and because his personality is so rich and vivacious , we get to experience a LOT through him ... you ca n't say that for many of the other characters -LRB- aside from Rachel -RRB- . Kurt really is mulch-dimensional . Perhaps that is all due to the director , but I think you really need to trust the director and producers at their jobs , and let them tell us the story , and stop bitching that they are n't telling the story YOU want to hear .
 Such a cute episode . I was waiting forever for Kurt and Blaine to do it and now they finally did and the way it was depicted was beautiful .
 Even if you are not a fan of Glee , you will enjoy this episode . It is actually the best episode and anyone who disagrees hates kittens . Matt Bomer 's character is actually the most hilarious guest star Glee has ever had the genius to create . His acting lessons are gold and all that 's missing is an awesome Neal Caffrey-style con .
 I love this show and you can not beat a price of .99 % Love it , love Amazon.com and love Glee
 This Episode is really really good . It has a great cliffhanger at the end and it is very good through the whole episode . Mixed with great songs performed during a great Regional competition !!!! You Should definitively buy this episode and watch it right now !!!!
 I absolutely adored this episode !!! One of my favorite for sure so far . :-RRB- The songs were great , the story line kept me hooked the whole time . I ca n't rave enough about it .
 this show isnt what it used to be but i still love to watch it for the original cast members .
 I am a huge fan of Glee and it was great to get the season right through my TV 's Amazon on demand right when i wanted it !
 I 've always been a fan of Glee , and getting the chance to watch them through Amazon Instant Video at any time is very helpful ! The condition is always good , and seeing the show on blu-ray makes it more enjoyable than seeing it on Fox .
 Glee is an amazing show with amazing talent and a whole lot of inappropriate humor that I did not expect when I first started watching it . I love this show .
 Incredible voices , great characters , drama , love , friendship ... it 's all here ! Such an amazing season , in my overall opinion the best one yet ! Some of the greatest songs sung as well ! Very pleased . You do n't want to miss this !
 ikhfgngdig dfgjkfhguidfhg iue ufghiuf ghfdohbu hi hbhj bh bh bhj bhb gv fgc fg vbhn ih b viy vi y giygh ibb
 It 's Glee , it 's awesome ! I do n't like any musicals but this show has sucked me in . I really enjoy it .
 This was a great season and I enjoy watching it over and over ! I think it 's a fun show and though I do fast forward through some of the music , It 's still a blast !!
 downloaded great to the kindle fire . The show is hilarious . I am really glad I decided to start watching it . if you have never seen it or maybe you have seen an episode or two , and you decided to start watching , you MUST start from the beginning of the show ... season 1 !
 I love this show ! It is not afraid to mention topics that most people are too scared to bring up . The music is great , and even though there have been ups and downs in this show , this season has made me laugh and cry and want to dance all at the same time . It reminds me why I fell in love with this show the moment I first saw it . There will be tears for me during the finale . GLEE i will < 3 you forever .
 I did not realize that Matt Bomer could also sing and dance . We 've only seen him play a reformed con man on the tv series White Collar . Even more surprising , he is actually quite good at both . He plays the big brother of Kurt 's boyfriend . He is even quite funny as he gives an acting class that focuses entirely on pushing yourself ahead in Hollywood.On the disappointing side though is the underwhelming handling of Quinn 's injuries after a car wreck which should have been fatal . I was wondering if she could even be still alive after the horrific nature of the crash . The writer 's understanding of injuries from this kind of crash are truly fantasy land.Sue 's pregnancy progresses and also some of the problems of a middle aged pregnancy .
 After watching Eastwick I still think Matt Dallas resembles Darren much more than Matt Bomer . The episode songs were good especially love the Gotye cover . I have had enough of Finchel whining but I guess must suffer through it for more episodes . Episode composed of the most sexy guys on TV just worth it for the fighter montage . Also look up Cooper Anderson 's audition tape , hilarious !!! -LRB- should have included it in the episode -RRB-
 I 've never had a chance to watch Glee on my TV , so downloading the episodes to my kindle Fire was a great option !
 Love all the characters & look forward to all the upcoming episodes . . What is so fun is that this show entertains all ages so all of the family can enjoy it together
 Love Glee and I had missed this episode with Ricky Martin . It was fantastic . Thanks for making TV shows available on Kindle Fire .
 Very good episode , a lot of culture and good music , really enjoy it . Just watched specially for this episode . I lke the acting and the music choices . Ricky Martin was outstanding .
 Having missed the original show and being a Daimen McGinty fan from his days with Celtic Thunder , I wanted to see how he would fare as an actor . This gave me a perfect way to see the show he was in , within minutes . The cost was minimal , and I was allowed to see the show several times over the course of several days . It was money well spent , and very convient .
 I guess the moral of the story to enjoying Glee is watch for the level of the material . I never realized Michael Jackson 's material was so first rate until I watched this episode . The episode was a reinterpretation of his musical career . The musical numbers were spectacular . I also think I never realized how difficult his numbers are to sing or how exact and precise they are.My absolute favorite number comes near the end , a duet of SMOOTH CRIMINAL between the two tough `` guy '' Glee club members , Naya Rivera who plays Santana Lopez and Sebastian , the male leader of the Warblers , who wants to get Blaine away from Kurt . They have a singing duel along with two FABULOUS cellists . The number is utterly fantastic and staged to perfection . Over time I have come to really appreciate Rivera 's voice , much more so than the the other female voices in the cast . Initially , like everyone else , I was more captivated by Rachel 's and Mercedes ' voices . However , Rivera 's voice is more her own whereas the other two constantly call to mind Barbra Streisand and Jennifer Hudson -LRB- and I would rather just listen to those two greats -RRB- . Rivera has an album of her own in the works and I would like to get it.On the gay vs straight aspect of GLEE
 Very entertaining . Spent a lot of nights plagued with insomnia watching Glee . Wish season 4 was available . Great music and show numbers .
 Started watching this series while I was in bed sick with the flu . Watched it because I love musicals and figures I would like a musical tv show . Boy was I right ! Fantastic !
 It was so nice to take time out from a busy schedule and relax with an episode of Glee without commercial interuption .
 This season was excellent . It was funny and kept me laughing throughout the whole thing . I really do like the fact that the musicals that are done here are from all different genres . I adore this show .
 This show is so cute . And I love being able to watch it on amazon instant video whenever I want .
 I watched every episode because I have Amazon Prime and it was free . What a great deal ! I never could catch Glee when it was on tv but watching the streaming videos is a must . Great show , great talented performers , great music , interesting characters . Ca n't wait for season four to be offered on Amazon prime for free soon .
 Not as good as first 2 seasons and some of the content is pushing the limits of prime time family show content .
 Glee season 3 is the best TV show ever they have lots of drama like for example Finn convinces Rachel to move to NEw york to chase her dreams and be in broadway to attend Nyada university so you got to see this season is full with lots of funny jokes and lots of drama like i said and it 'll make you happy and change your life like it did to me
 One of my favorite shows - amazing music , so funny and touching all at the same time ! Amazon Instant Streaming is the perfect way to watch it !
 I get so wrapped up in the drama of all the Glee students as well as the grown-ups . Plus the music is phenomenal .
 My daughter got me into this show by watching the first two seasons free on Amazon Prime . We were so hooked we had to buy the third season . It is a bit mature for junior high students , but then again , it was a great place for us to start on some of life 's big talks . I only give it four stars because we end up fast forwarding through the ballads every episode . The humor in these shows really kills me . I highly recommend it to anyone who appreciates good humor , and not necessarily show choir .
 I loved this episode !!! It made me laugh , it made me cry , and reminded me of the good times that were in glee . Glee is sooo inspirational and truly accurate with a good storyline and great characters , it 's bound to be good ! : - P
 I really enjoyed season 3 of Glee on TV so I thought why not . Now I can watch it when ever I want to . I am a big fan of Damian McGinty so what could be better . As they say having the best of both worlds .
 I never thought that I would like Glee so much . But the actors are so talented and there is a lot of musical variety . I am looking forward to the next season but am at a loss as to how they can continue after all the graduations . Great fun ...
 I was n't into it at first . But one look and I could n't stop watching . I hope there will be more seasons . I really like Finn and Rachel . They are the top couple . I am totally hooked now .
 i really did n't see that one coming , i sure will be looking forward to the new ones to see how they will make a go of it from here
 I had missed a few episodes of Glee Season 3 & I found that this was an extremely reasonable price in order to watch these episodes .
 I had missed a few episodes of Glee Season 3 & I found that this was an extremely reasonable price in order to watch these episodes .
 I had missed a few episodes of Glee Season 3 & I found that this was an extremely reasonable price in order to watch these episodes .
 Michael was a great episode . I 'm truly a fan of Glee . It showed very clear , and you were able to fast forward or rewind easily .
 WARNING ! IT MAY HAVE SOME INFO YOU HAVE N'T WATCH !!! I love the third season . Here , all characters , even the evil Santana or the mediocre of Brittany -LRB- no offense -RRB- , get to mature . I mean it will be dumb if they would n't ... Rachel from being that selfish and type of person who only use to think in her and her own future and benefits , to that type of person who now cares about the other members . Santana , my sister -LRB- ha just kidding -RRB- , from being narcissistic and full of herself to a somewhat more respectful person and opened minded -LRB- thanks to the glee , her friends , in which supported her when she came out of the closet . -RRB- . Or even that rude , mean , hateful , even more narcissistic than Santana , the Demon Sue ; to a very kind and more respectful person -LRB- her sister loss really help her to find a path . -RRB- . Blah blah blah ... you know what , just watch the episodes !!!
 Could season 3 have started any better ! I think not ! Rachel and Curt are my favorite duo , and I loved seeing the Glee Project 's , Lindsay ! Very pumped for season 3 .
 This episode of glee was tearful . The ending wasnt what I expected at all . . It makes me wonder what 's going to happen to Finnechel after their breakup ... and Kurt ? what is he going to do ??
 I love this episode . it 's about how losing your virginity can make or break your performance in the theater world .
 This was absolutely my favorite episode of Glee yet . I especially liked Corey Monteith 's version of Girls Just Wan na Have Fun , but everyone was in top form . Several versions brought a tear to my eye . Santana is an absolute star in this episode . And Coach Beist can sing , which is the biggest surprise of all .
 I really liked this episode , although I would like Finn 's story to start , he was n't doing too much in this episode .
 LOVE IT and all the characters , who are all flawed in their own special way , just like the rest of us : -RRB-
 this episode of glee is light and fluffy ... granted the sketch of characters leaves a lot of holes ... but the cast is set for a wild year of fun ... intrigue ... twists and turns ... i look forward to it unfolding ... enjoy ... listen to the music ... feel something ... by the way this is the only episode that did not bring tears to the eyes ... well , until the next ...
 I was n't too keen on the first couple of episodes this season , but from `` Asian F '' to this most recent episode `` Mash Off '' I have become re-enamored with Glee . Good job writers . And THANK YOU for bringing the focus back on the students.Season 2 was good , but there seemed to be too many of the stories focusing on guest stars and the adults . I am an adult and while I love the adult characters -LRB- especially Coach Bieste -RRB- this show should focus mostly on the high school kids it 's about . After all , the teachers will most likely be around for more seasons , while the kids will not.We are all expecting the two teams to join together this season for Nationals . I know it seems obvious and a bit trite , but I still hope it happens . It should be amazing to see . Let 's just hope it 's better than that turd they dropped on the season 2 finale . IMO
 The only reason I watched this show is because Matt Bomer was on it . It was so worth it !! He was funny and so adorable !! I actually kinda liked the show itself becuase of Matt Bomer being on it . I 've watched it a couple times now . They need to have him on it all the time though ... really makes it worth watching .
 The picture quality was great and the sound was even better . I ca n't wait til they release the four season .
 My high school son and I watch these together.Good bonding time.Of course , I like them too!Waiting for next season
 Cute , fun and entertaining.Well done stories about what goes on in high school . Many laughs and tears.I enjoyed it
 I jumped on the Glee trained very late and after watching season one on demand . . I had to order all the previous seasons and catch up . This arrived quickly and it allowed me to continue my obsession uninterrupted . I inhaled this season as quickly as I did the others . Great songs and very well written .
 i love this episode . when rachel sings it gives me chills ... i love the song selection and the ending is gratifying .
 aaaaaammmmmaaaazzzziiiinnnnggg do not know what else to say about it if you havent watched it try iteven my son watches it and grandsons as well
 they are so great to listen to . my niece is in a club and wants to sing professionally and she just loves these
 Glee season 3 is the best season yet . It had the one and only Damian McGinty on . The very best of all the seasons . Love the shows that have a reason for and a why this happens .
 This was a fun and ridiculous episode . That still dealt with a serious issue about texting while driving . Love Matt Bomer .
 Have loved glee forever & this season does n't disappoint -LRB- with the exception of Rachael & Finn breaking up ... huge bumer ! -RRB- Cant ' wait for the rest to come out so I can see them .
 This was a good one ... of course I 'm one of those old Gleeks & I love them all . I missed this & panicked . Was so happy when I found out that Amazon has the episodes right here for us to watch.If you missed it , watch it !
 At first I did n't watch Glee . My daughter got me hooked on it during Season 3 . I had to watch the whole Season . I love Puck 's expressions and his sensitive side . I love everything that Finn stands for . Quinn and Santannah get on my nerves because they are so mean . Brittney , her stupidity is played perfectly . There should be more shows on TV like this . It actually shows people what morals are . GO WILL !!!
 The songs on the DVD are outstanding . Every song is performed great . Even if you are not a Glee fan , purchase this for the SNF songs .
 Love season 3 !!!! So much Blaine !!!! Ca n't get enough !!! This season will not disappoint so much Blaine so little time
 With this episode , Glee now moves into a different show . The problem with High School TV shows is that at some point the kids have to graduate . Murphy and gang can now go in several different directions , this episode one of the best written and directed of the entire series puts them in that place . Well done .
 I really liked this episode , I appreciate that they highlighted a minor character . Although I did ' t like Meredes attitude . I know Rachel gets a lot of solos , but she works hard for it . I only think its fair to get what you give ! I ca n't wait till November 1st , new episodes !
 In season two the creator of this show was toying with the idea off and on of not adding fuel to the fire by creating hot stars out of the favorites of season one . He succeeded almost too well as many of my favorite characters became MIA for part of the season or had weird character developments . At least with this opening show for season three , everyone is back at the same school who was big on season one . a good many of them are graduating after this year.This graduating issue leads to one of the more interesting scenes . Kurt and Rachel are all fired up to hit it big on Broadway doing musicals . They meet with some other kids with the same goal and find out how ferocious the competition is for this . Rachel wonders if they should change their names and move to another town where they can do community theater for the rest of their lives.Another interesting development is that coach Sue is running for Congress with her typical self interest kind of issues . She is back on tv again too , which I always enjoy.Quinn has radically changed her appearance so that she now looks more like Lady Gaga than a prom Queen or cheerleader.However , Wil and Emma have the weirdest relationship going and I wish that Emma would just be dropped from the show . Her character is just too strange and not in keeping with the rest of the show .
 I love this episode . The dancing and singing would definitely be approved by Michael Jackson and his family . I just loved it .
 I am a fan of the show . Although I find it silly in many respects , it is always humorous and full of intriguing dance routines blended with great solo and choral singing . It often contains something of substance , as well . I am so far into the show and its characters that I have to know where it 's going next .
 This is a great episode ! Typical Glee . . ca n't wait for the next season . . I hope it will be as good as the first three .
 The leprechaun and the irritant were not in this episode ... I am so glad they guys behind the show have taken the negative energy of those two out of the show ... it was soooo enjoyable to watch ...
 This episode was well writen . The music was ok , but not as great as previous episodes . I am a huge fan of glee and everything they bring to the table . The episode is a powerful one and makes you think .
 This movie was refreshing to watch . Not stereotypical at all . It was entertaining and interesting throughout . Definitely a good use of time . Wow ! Really a nice movie .
 I actually had never heard of this movie until tonight . It came on BET , and I decided to watch it because Kevin Hart was in it and I love him . I absolutely fell in love with the movie , and logged on to Amazon to purchase it . There is an all-star cast . There are a lot of story lines , but they are not hard to follow , and the movie was not poorly put together at all . I would recommend this movie to anyone who 's looking for a good movie to watch . I give it two thumbs up ! '
 The movie has a great cast and is very well made made for a ` lower budget ' film . It is classic Keven Hart . I was pleasantly surprised .
 This movie is a must see movie . All the cast members did a wonderful job at acting overall in general , this movie is an attention keeper and will keep you laughing throughout . On two parts it just might be a tear jerker ... 2 THUMBS UP !!!!
 please go and watch this movie ... on a scale of 1 to 5 i gave this a 6 ... i wish it made the theaters cause people would have really enjoyed it . it was so funny ... i laughed about every scene which is really hard to do ... and the soundtrack is the bomb ... im going to recommend this movie to all my friends .
 This movie could have made alotta :-RRB- money had it been promoted more and put in more theaters . I had to go thru heck to find it . I really wanted to see it because of the cast . However , many people I talked to had never heard of it . It was really a joy to watch .
 This is a good movie , you can easily watch it , it has laughs in it , it displays real life issues that people may face , it may have one thinking about their own life . Acting was not great , but it was not terrible either . I will and -LRB- would -RRB- watch it again . I recommend getting and watching this movie . -LRB- I 've seen worst -RRB-
 excellent movie . It was so funny . I mean I always enjoy watching Kevin Hart be kevin Hart . I recommended this movie to one of my friends and hopefully she will buy it from Amazon too ...
 This movie was hilarious and close to home . There are many who can relate to all that this cast has gone through .
 I think that Kevin Hart is the funniest man out right now . You just laugh looking at him and that is sad because he is very good looking to be so short -LRB- my opinion -RRB- This cast was wonderfully selected and the story line was believable . If you love Kevin Hart you want to add this one to your collection . This is one I have watched over and over again . I received this one as a gift but I 'm gon na purchase it today so my son can stop trying to borrow it back .
 The cast made the movie worth watching and it was a great movie . I know I have watch at least 5 times since I purchased it . I ahve even had movie parties and shown this movie and everryone enjoyed it .
 This movie was all the my husband and I expected and so much more ! We both enjoyed this tear jerker , funny love drama . A movie that I would recommend to someone going through any type of relationship ups or downs . GREAT GREAT GREAT !
 This movie was purchased because it was so funny and everyone that enjoys Kevin Hart should have this in their movie Library .
 With the exception of Nick West , I liked all of the characters and their story development . Nick West was just too convenient . He was tied to every character , but at the same time he was n't ... Also , it would have been nice for more back story on the couple across the hall -LRB- what happened to them -RRB- ? And , what about the presumed cheater -LRB- ex -RRB- husband ? Did the wife cry at the end because of the baby of because she basically found out that he presumably cheated on her ? I want answers , lol !
 This movie was fun and Kevin Hart was hilarious!lmao He has you laughing throughout the whole movie . The other actors were good too . This movie is a good choice for people over 30 . Good Job !! xoxo
 OMGoodness ! This movie is funny , im finding out kinda , tardy for the partyish , howeva ima need that soundtrack . What , they do n't have one published ... help !
 ALL ~ STAR CAST THIS MOVIE WAS PERFECT FOR ME WHO IS 35 AND TICKING BOOM !!!!! THIS SHOULD HAVE WENT TO THE BIG SCREEN !!!!!!!!!!!! A MUST SEE IF YOUR 35 AND OVER !! : -RRB-
 This movie was heads and shoulders above a lot of independent black cinema due to several factors
 Unlike many of our current black independent films that are comprised of stereotypes & buffoonery , this was a good independent film and one to be proud of . The storyline was good , good actors were selected & the acting was not only good but also realistic . This movie was very humorous & comprised of many good scenes , good lines & also good delivery , timing , body language & facial expressions that actually coincided with the lines , which is what brings the characters to life and makes not only the characters realistic but also the story . Also , the sound track was very good and the great songs that were selected actually coincided with the scenes , unlike some songs that are played in films that have absolutely nothing to do with the scenes . Bottom line , it was refreshing to see a black independent film that was well thought out , tastefully executed and really relative to today 's relationship issues . It was along the lines of another movie I loved that was also well done titled , `` 30 Years to Life . '' After watching this movie I looked at the credits to see who the writer was so I could look out for future movies from this writer , and to see what else he may have written . I saw that he also wrote `` Love for Sale , '' which is another black independent film I 've seen and really did like . With that said , let me say Kudos to Russ Parr for a job well done . In closing I just have to say that Clifton Powell who is one of my favorite actors , must really have a great agent because there are not too many black films or plays , whether independent or a major motion picture that he 's not in . He was actually in both of Russ Parr 's films , `` 35 & Ticking '' & `` Love for Sale '' which as I stated before are very good films and Clifton did a great job in both .
 This was a very good movie with an All-Star cast and very good storyline . I was very pleasantly surprised because it has been a while since I ` be seen a good black movie .
 Really , really enjoyed this film . A must see for anyone who wants to enjoy a decent , watchable film made on a shoe string budget
 I really enjoyed the movie . It was interesting and funny with a little bit of serious . Well done . Kevin Hart makes any movie funny .
 This was a very entertaining movie with an all star cast !!! I was on the phone with my bff and she was laughing histerically so I asked her what was she watching that had her in stitches and she told me she was watching this movie ... so I downloaded it from amazon and figured I would check it out . It was a very entertaining movie and full of laughs !! I think I will buy the movie to share it with my family when they come to visit !!!! Russ Par and the rest of the crew yall did yall thang !!!! cudos from Jamila !!!
 I did n't have high expectations going into this movie . But this movie was surprisingly good . Very funny but also touching at the same time . I 'm a Kevin Hart fan , and of course he was great in the movie . I thought it was better than `` Think like a Man . '' If you like comedies , esp black comedies , check it out . You wo n't be disappointed .
 It 's a funny movie and good to show at a home gathering . I also gave it out for Christmas gifts .
 I am a big godzilla fan and I saw this movie as a kid . It 's about a huge , three headed monster coming to destroy earth . And it 's up to baby Mothra to convince godzilla and rodan to stop fighting each other and join mothra to defeat the 3 headed monster that the earth phrophecies said would arrive to destroy the earth . I liked this movie ! It 's a lot of fun to see Godzilla , rodan and mothra baby team up to defeat it . If you are a godzilla or monster movie fan give this movie a try.much recommended !
 this movie was very entertaining and right to the point . you do n't have to wait that long to start seeing the monsters and the human acting is very well done . the only problem is that the trailer is in japanese but the movie ended up being an english dub . i would much rather have watched it in it 's original form with subtitles , which i feel would have been more authentic . however , it was still good and the dialogue still came across pretty well . if you enjoyed mothra i would say to check this out , it was definitely enjoyable .
 This ones a pretty good one . The girl has a wreck and ends up in a hospital and has her face restructured from what was left and was made to look like her friend which vanished from the wreck and later comes to find her newly look a like friend overall its prettyt good .
 The performances are excellent , and the premise , although unoriginal , is well played out . The problem , if any , is that the movie is a little short , hence the subpar character development . The streaming version here on Amazon contains a few short lacunae
 What a sweet , cute romance ; one of those good old ` afternoon classic ' movies :-RRB- One to sit down after the vacuuming and dishes are done , put your feet up and enjoy some beverage and this movie :-RRB- Also just before bed . Nothing strenuous , cute plot with a few twists for fun . Decently shown and you 'll smile . -LRB- I think , if I am reading it correctly , the `` amazon '' description is a bit ` off/backwards ' or something . Seems the annulment thing is mixed up there in the info . -RRB- And the folks in the movie - well , all they really had to do was annul the right one from the right one ! Gives a good ` run-around ' laugh ! -RRB- And I 'll let you figure that one out while watching this really cute , sweet movie with decent characters and some fun ! Make sure you catch the wink in the end !
 The SyFy Channel can come up with some Big creatures & this one is no different . If you like snakes & / or lizards this will please you . Who do you think would win if these two fought ? It at least has a plot line & is a movie you can watch without thinking too much ! Any Monster movie Sci-Fi fan would enjoy it . Not too much carnage so younger kids can at least watch it without a lot of blood & gore .
 Fantastic recently within the last couple months i have become a Bmovie Enthusiest and this one is top notch , Bout a government experiment helped to make humans better and then they extend research on animals and they get loose ... awsome ...
 This movie is supposed to be somewhat of a sequel to curse of the Komudo according to other reviews I read about it . Most of the people gave it real bad the most they gave was a 3 . These people aparently did not grow up watching all the classic by movies especially al the Anaconda rips of . Why thise movie might not be as graphic as the R rated snake movies such as boa versuss pyhton it still has a decent action seuqence thenomial acting . More guns going of than at the battle of Gettysburg . This movie has some mild creature violence people getting eatten getting crused to death occasional stuff like that . As a result this movie might not be appropriate or may be questionable to kids under the age of thirteen depending on what there parent or guardians think is appropriate for some one there age . there is one midly gore part with leeches and a komdo blowing up aftert it swallows a gernade there is barely any gore in this movie . If you like this I also recommend you see the python movies . For those of you that saw lake placid a movie studio has shoot a sequel to lake placid called lake placid 2 which will air this saturday at 9:00 PM Florida time and and get done around 11:00 PM florida times scifi channel has alot more commerical break compared to that of cartoon network and other chanels and scifi channels commerical breaks tend to be very length usually about 4 to 6 minutes per break and they have on average about once every ten to 20 minutes . Those you that are interested rent this at blockbuster and watch lake placid 2 this Saturday evening on Scifi channel . A word of advice if buy this dvd used don not buy it in new mint or like mint conditon or new conditon get in like new condition if possibloe because if its in better condition than like new it can be pricy it can cost about $ 22 to $ 40 for one copy of this if it has been taken care of well enough and the person does not know what a resonable selling price for its is or is trying to get more money than what it 's worth .
 Well . I have to admit that I am the first one to enjoy a nature runs amok epic . I love big critter movies so when I get 2 big critters I 'm in scifi heaven . Is this cheesy ? of course , as a cheese lovers pizza . Is it fun ... you bettcha ! This is n't oscar whoha . This is action , adventure and really bad overacting ! But people get ate ! Yippee ! And lets face it , the final fight sequence is more realistic than Stallone 's new Rocky film . Sit back and enjoy . A great way to kill a rainy day .
 It is a good old type scary movie and it has good actors . I recommend this movie to most people
 I was given a copy of this film , and was told it was funny . I never expected to laugh as much as I did . This film does not deserve to end up on the shelf next to lame `` comedy/documentaries . '' It should be viewed by all . It was a brilliant idea , and well executed .
 I saw this movie in Los Angeles when it was in release this year . I thought the personal style of the documentary was right for the type of subject it covers . This is not a film about death row inmates , so the filmmakers were wise not to take them selves too seriously . However , they do take their subjects seriously . These people substitute Star Wars for the things their generation have been deprived of . They do it with humor of course , but still , they do it.It 's a refreshingly different doc about sub cultures . It does n't mock it 's subjects . Star Wars has had an enormous impact not just on ` geeks ' but on mainstream culture as well . This film caters to the regular Joe who may not ever camp out on line for anything , but is curious about those who do and why.There are gritty DIY sequences , like when they interview an airport shuttle van driver at night , a crotchety old guy who hates ` them young people ' , and at the same time fluid , sometimes shocking sequences -LRB- there are allusions to Kosovo that come out of nowhere -RRB- . I always thought SW was a great example of myth in cinema . A Galaxy Far , Far Away tackles the mythological and succeeds in doing it with humor .
 I thought this was pretty well done . Several of my friends had told me about it so I decided to pick it up . It made me realize that there are some very odd people in the world - interesting , but odd .
 This is not a studio film , but it is a good one . I was n't expecting the deeper issues that were raised but they were definitely interesting . Check it out for the reaction of the fans coming out of the theater after waiting in line for 42 days for the Phantom Menace .
 Having lived through the hype of Episode 1 in Los Angeles , as well as having my life impacted by the Star Wars phenomenon , this film was both insightful and extremely funny . And it also makes you realize you are n't half the Star Wars geek you think you are . If you even remotely like Star Wars , you will love this movie .
 This is a pretty funny movie . Definitely the funniest documentary I 've seen . I laughed out loud throughout the whole movie . You got ta see it - it 's fun to laugh at star wars geeks .
 This is exactly what a punk , DIY documentary should be . A couple guys with a video camera and a great idea decide to make it happen . I saw this film at the Santa Barbara film festival -LRB- where it was definitely the talk of the festival -RRB- . Since their film is about a national phenomena -LRB- episode I mania and the people who lined up months in advance to get tickets -RRB- they hit the internet and got amateur filmmakers across the country to help them out . Great footage from NYC to Dayton Ohio all donated by amateur filmmakers gets assembled . The filmmakers just step backl and let the fans speak for themselves . Hilarious ! But after a while , the film kinda creeps up on you . Underneath all of this hysterical hodge-podgery is a real subtle kinda idea about why these fans seem to have lost all sense of reality when it comes to this movie . Funny , poignant and homegrown . It 's a very special and RARE film .
 This is a hilarious film !! I saw it at the Santa Babara Film Festival and could n't beleive how freaky Star Wars nuts can be . These people are serious about their knowledge of the force and what it can do . Very entertaining .
 If you 've ever wondered why there are so many Star Wars -LSB- fans -RSB- out there , and either laughed with or at them , you 'll dig this movie . You meet those people throughout the country who actually waited a month on line to get tickets for the first showing of the SW prequel a few years back . Some of them are in costume , some of them perform SW related music , some of them end up not even liking the movie . It 's extremely entertaining and actually ends up being kind of moving because you learn something pretty meaningful about the human condition and have more compassion for those people who , by no fault of their own , grew up with some pretty basic human needs going unmet . Very quick pace , fun tone , and engaging throughout .
 I caught this one at Slamdance ... pretty -LSB- darn -RSB- funny . Yeah I remember that bit with the grumpy driver . I was waiting for the Tie-Fighter Pilot to admit to faking that lisp , but ... hmmm . That was some priceless moment . My friend complained that the movie seemed a bit mean-spirited sometimes but I thought it should have been more condemning ... but I guess that would be proselytizing when a good doc shows things for how they really are , and this one certainly did that . I loved the banter between the filmakers and the supposed `` professional '' newscaster . That guy was a real cheeseball . I recommend ! Hope they have commentary on this DVD ... Either way I 'll buy it .
 This film is a must for any collector of Star Wars-related products or media . It offers an excellent potrayal of the fans that have made the whole `` Star Wars '' - thing an integral component of American culture . Also there are several candid and hilarious interviews with various clebrities about the Star Wars phenomenon . Do n't miss the Joe Pesci on the golf course clip .
 I thought this was a great movie but I can also see how some people might not get it . If you like movies like Roger & Me or Best in Show , or a TV show like The Daily Show with Jon Stewart . You will love this movie . Otherwise , you might not get it . I got it and loved it .
 Like any documentary , it has it 's ups and downs . But this documentary is an amusing look inside of a fandom that is full of overly obsessive fanboys and girls . And I say this with all the love in the world , seeing as I am one of those fangirls .
 `` A Galaxy Far Far Away '' shows the religious fervor surrounding the opening - of all things-Star Wars - Episode I , The Phantom Menace -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- . Star Wars fans had eagerly awaited -- patiently biding their time for nearly 2 decades - for the latest George Lucas masterpiece . The documentary has high profile fans of Star Wars such as Joe Pesci and Meat Loaf -- but most of the documentary is about ordinary people who find the series meaningful.There 's a Boba Fett rapper , a gay dancing Storm Trooper , a really disturbing-looking middle-aged man who lounges around in superhero outfits , even an opera singer who goes into lyrical ecstasy as she awaits Jar Jar Binks . The fans who put great effort into their costumes , in buying the toys -LRB- the fight over toys is juxtaposed with fights over food in Kosovo -RRB- There 's a pair of teenaged boys who camp outside a movie theater for FORTY TWO DAYS . They keep vigil , showering/bathing in a nearby public restroom -- we never really get into the details of their survival . But it 's in front of Graumann 's Chinese Theater instead of the Alaskan wilderness inInto the Wild . They have a terrible sense of futility . Even seeing the movie is a letdown . There 's a father who 's named his son Anakin -LRB- but is n't Anakin the villain ? The young Darth Vader ? Nevermind -RRB- `` Galaxy Far Far Away '' even manages to bring in some Trekkies dressed as Klingons . Their devotion to the series is a form of religion . Some men come to terms with their absent fathers through the series ; others find harmony through the Force.May the Force be with you !
 `` A Galaxy Far Far Away '' is a documentary about the fan craze surrounding the motion picture `` Star Wars . '' In 1999 , as the country eagerly anticipated the release of `` Episode I
 I did n't know what to expect from a documentary about fandom , but I guessed it would n't be good . Generally , this type of documentary leans in one of two directions
 I just watched this documentary tonight . so , I thought I 'd put my two cents worth into what I think about the DVD , as well as the Star Wars phenomenon in general.First off , I have to say that for the most part this DVD has been put together quite well . It has some pretty good rockin ' background music , and it covers the phenomenon of Star Wars as well as the specific build up of Star Wars Episode I
 From the title , you might expect this film to be only for sci-fi geeks and Trekkies . It 's not.From some of the bizarre characters it finds for interviews , you might think this film is only for people who want to laugh at sci-fi geeks and Trekkies . It 's not.This film somehow manages to walk the line between analysis of the social phenomenon of Star Wars and our need to laugh at the weird . Plenty of humor , an eye into a slice of Americana , and something to think about . Worth seeing . - Graduate Student , Harvard University
 A truly inspired documentary that both embraces and laughs at the very phenomenon it dissects . `` A Galaxy Far Far Away '' broke attendance records when it opened the Slamdance Film Festival in Park City , Utah . This film more than portrays the inner workings of the Star Wars fan but more importantly seeks to answer why the phenomenon has caught on the way it has.Sure there are people in the film to make you groan , but there are others who you deeply empathize with . More than just a film meant to capatilize on the fandom it portrays , it seeks something deeper and yet remains thoroughly entertaining and humorous as well.Loaded with celebrity cameos , though not all of them with sound -LRB- as seen in the film 's coda -RRB- , `` A Galaxy Far , Far Away '' is meant not only for any fan of `` Star Wars '' but also any fan of life and what makes our society what it is.The film is worth viewing for the supergenius himslef , who parades around as Boba Fett playing remixed Star Wars inspired dance songs and for a truly brilliant scene comparing the power of need
 I first saw this film at the Santa Barbara Film Festival and thought it was great . It 's good to know that great films are being made outside the studio system . I laughed more with this film than the last three comedies I 've seen in the theater . I was also impressed by the poignant points the movie makes . I will always look at the Star Wars movies in a different way .
 How can you document a fanatical part of our society and still remain true in spirit to those who are the fanatics ? Watch Galaxy Far , Far Away and you will see it done with respect and humor.The filmmakers provide you with a glimpse of some truly unique individuals that make up a phenomenom that has touched a generation or two.Anyone would enjoy this selection , whether they are a Star Wars fanatic , an observer , or simply oblivious to the whole thing .
 This was a little movie that my husband and I really loved . We 've been waiting for it to come out on video for some time . We still quote some of the characters to this day . The production value is not the greatest but the content is pretty priceless .
 This was a blast to watch . Since it was filmed during the pre-TPM buildup , it serves not only has a humorous and sometimes serious look at the event , but is a cool time capsule as well . It 's been 6 years but I can still remember opening night and it was bananas . Highly recommended .
 `` Hmm , I wonder what this could be about ? '' is the question that is n't on my mind as when I bought and watched Director Tariq Jalil 's latest documentary series about Real Life Star Wars Fan and actors who lives their lives as movie characters . It combines an absorbing real human drama , balanced with special unbiased real Life Story that make the first best documentary I have ever seen
 Expect the unexpected with this one , people . I saw this at a screening in LA and was taken by how SERIOUS these people were . And as we all know , SERIOUS weirdos is SERIOUSLY FUNNY . Trekkies are too easy . A beat-scratching Boba Fett mobile DJ figure , now that 's the good stuff . !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Its crazy hatchtoric funny and awesome everyone with clown love has to see it my kidlos even loved ot mcl los
 I found this movie profoundly depressing , but expected to do so since the topic is so difficult to resolve . I thought it did a great job calling attention to the plight of turtles and the difficulties involved in their conservation . I guess I wondered , though , if the perspective was a little too narrow and whether the isolation in which these turtle breeders appear to operate is as real as it appears in the film . With many zoos focusing on breeding endangered species in captivity and many international organizations concerned about wildlife I just have to wonder if there is no support out there and if so how best to connect with these groups in order to help people interested in conservation find ways of focusing their energies most effectively . I read reviews of the movie on line and found myself annoyed with some conservation officers who were quoted therein - the response being that you do n't have to be involved internationally to protect turtles - you can start in your own backyard . While I agree with that summary to a certain extent I believe it misses the point - which is or should be , how can we develop organizations that can help us understand the most effective way to focus our efforts - if Vietnamese turtles are more in crisis from the turtle trade , then we do have to focus on them . But with a better organized group keeping track of their status , we would know of the needs of turtles nationally and locally as well . And know when to take action at whichever level .
 I do n't know any other film that 's made me feel more in the gut how life on earth is an ultimately passing state of being that we as humans happen to share with millions of other forms of earthly life , and a much much smaller number that actually are pretty much like we are only silent about it . So the film is about one man and his turtles -- or some 1500 or so turtles and their one man , and how no one alone has much effect on anything unless he or she thinks it through and does what 's feasible for now , even if he/she does start out with a pile of cash and great intentions . I think this moving film ca n't be so much about the chances that our biosystem will survive and keep the humans as happy as they 've ever been -LRB- which is ? -RRB- , but about how much control we collectively have over that change and how one driven individual does end up being a small but actual part of that stumbling collective impulse to sustain and cherish life.I love what the film ultimately shows about ark colonies and the folks among us who are sailing them . I wo n't say more and give the last part of the film away . But I found it ultimately more sobering than depressing . There are some heavy realities of population , scarcity , greed , stupidity , and extinction that are beyond what our collective selves can much lighten -LRB- and not at all by `` electing '' dimwit presidents , etc. -RRB- ; but we can do better for life as a whole , and we can exercise whatever power and intelligence we can muster ourselves and our groups and lean them toward what looks like light.Or do we all just stay busy with whatever we were doing ?
 While there are a lot of documentaries on wildlife and conservation , `` Chances of the World Changing '' is unique because it focuses on one brave man 's attempt and ultimate failure to create a turtle institute . The protagonist , Richard Ogust , is truly an unsung conservation hero . He gave up his writing career in order to save turtles from Asian markets and keep them in his apartment . Unfortunately , he encounters problems in his quest to establish an institute for the turtles , from the New Jersey Department of Environment to fundraising . I wo n't spoil the end , but it is amazing to see his journey . I only wish the film had spent a bit more time on the turtles themselves or discussing the Asian turtle market , perhaps profiling a few species , as a way to get the viewer to understand what is really at stake . But nonetheless , this film is inspirational and has inspired me to think about how I as an individual could take a chance on the world changing .
 It was sad to learn about how turtle populations are being decimated around the world . Although , there are things we can do with our grief . Depressed moods can be used as fuel for progressive action . The film itself offered a list of organizations that are doing important work on the issue . There is an infinite variety of things we can choose to do for this or any other cause . Simply sharing this film with others , or writing letters to editors raises awareness . Progressive talk shows enable us to reach many where a lot of people , like that of author and activist Thom HartmannThe Last Hours of Ancient Sunlight
 Saw it tonight on the Hist channel . Super absorbing study of a guy who gives up his life to save turtles . Sounds crazy but the guy either has a passion for saving turtles from extinction , or he 's just another nut using it as an excuse to escape this world . Either way you respect him for the good he is attempting to do no matter what his motivation . But because he 's such a nice guy his tragic story sucks you in and totally captivates you . But in the end he fails in his quest and he seems to end up directionless , broken and with quite a bit of repressed pain . This is a real person with real tragic pain through no fault of his own as he gives it everything he 's got in him and you kind of want to hug the poor guy and tell him to forget turtles because all the love and energy he gave them could have and still can be used to raise some wonderful human kids . Hands down a human being child would cure him and he would be the best dad ever . Buy the video because it 's great and you learn life lessons from watching this poor guy who is as nice a person as there is.RichMiami
 The chances of the World ChangingWow I do n't know else to say over what this reviewer Richard A. Weissman has said , good thing it looks like you just beat me to a review , saved me some typing haha.This guy in the film , Richard Ogust one of those rare honest self effacing people who says its not about me its about the subject , if anyone watches this and thinks anything else , you do n't know nothing about people.I just love the pace of these kind of doc 's , just keep it simple , tell the story , but do n't let us get to bored watching it , infuse it with good music , and there is lots in here on that , seems to come at you at the right times , and what you have is just an all around stunning film , and this is it.Now for the sad reality , sorry but here it goes . human population is exploding , and there is no turning back on this , so in the very near future , despite well intentioned people -LRB- s -RRB- , with all the mouths to feed and so many poor people that do n't care about nothing but living to the next day , and some the live well but still do n't care , they want their turtle soup , ivory tusk , have such an ego that they want to go hunt big game cats , and other big game , and I am just scratching the surface here , and well add it all up and its time to call it what it is , and what it `` is '' is not good.Sorry , it 's just not , reality check.My mom has this lady friend who I have known for some time , she is like the man in this film , and she has this saying when its comes to everything we are discussing here , and she has been saying it for years , and that is : `` To many fk 'n people , to many people fk ` n `` Say that 3 times real fast.Add to all this even more `` well meaning '' people like Bill Gates and Warren Buffet sinking BILLIONS of there own money and trying to make others feel guilty and give also , into saving even MORE people around the world who need help just because they are poor and life is not fair to them.When has life ever been fair ? History proves that.But come on we have DOUBLED in world population in about the last 100 years , from 3 to SIX BILLION . We took how many THOUSANDS of years to get to 3 billion , and `` blink '' `` which is the time frame of 100 years '' , we doubled . And hint , its NOT going to revert backwards , ever . Not with all the advanced medical we have now.And we `` think '' we can `` change the world '' ??? Really?The Chances Of The World Changing Are Good ???? Like people are gon na `` stop fkn '' ?? Like hahahahahaWhat then , life sucks ? , just give up ? , eat drink and party for tomorrow we die?Well now , there just does n't seem to be an answer , eh?So now what
 Nicely done look at subculture rarely -LRB- if ever -RRB- tackled in film , with Lynch and others making up strong ensemble cast . A sure winner to buy .
 This was a great film . Billy Bob Thorton is great and Bon Jovi acts his part naturally . It will keep you guessing until the end . John Lithrows character is haunting . Excellent film !!!
 HEY , IF YOU LIKE WEED , YOU LIKE COMEDY , AND YOU LIKE A LITTLE ACTION , BLAZE A `` J '' TO THIS ONE AND KICK BACK AND ENJOY.D$@# GOOD MOVIE !!!
 I am a teenage boy and my friends and I like our drug movies , so if you are like me you will like this one . It has a great cast and plot and centers around drugs and lives of the people it touches . The main reason I liked this movie was because Ryan Phillipe is in it . They showed his behind in a erotic scene with the shows leading lady . He has done this in just about every movie he has ever been in . He has a great face , voice , body , and abs .
 I found this movie to be hilarious . The characters were believable and well based . The whole plot was creative . I never once found it predictable . I loved it !
 How sad that a film this good will probably never have much of an audience . Apparently no matter how good the script , cast , soundtrack and cinematography , you just ca n't market a movie about marijuana -- unless you make the characters either hardened criminals or blithering idiots , cliches this movie thankfully avoids . `` Homegrown '' is a first rate murder mystery/thriller with some subtle -LRB- and some not-so-subtle -RRB- humor . It 's well acted and has an outstanding cast . Billy Bob Thornton is excellent , again . The brotherly/fatherly interaction of the 3 main characters is at times priceless . Ted Danson and Jon Bon Jovi are n't great , but there 's plenty of great work by Kelly Lynch , John Lithgow , Judge Reinhold and Jamie Lee Curtis . The interiors and exteriors of most of the film intentionally contain a lot of deep green and rust colors -- same as the plants that play such an important role in the film . The soundtrack is hip without being an obvious attempt to cross-market . DVD-wise , this is one of the best looking transfers I 've seen , and the sound is excellent . Not much in the `` special features '' department . This would have been a great one for director or cast commentary . Not perfect , but this is a rare and good film . It defies categorization , and that 's a good thing . It holds up to multiple viewings , and it 's damn entertaining ! It should appeal to anyone with an open mind , even those who have never smoked pot .
 this movie is for all grown ups and it is worth the money i paid for it will watch this one again
 I really liked this movie . Billy Bob is a fave of mine and he does n't disappoint in this one . The whole cast was great .
 This is one of my all-time favorite movies . Great cast , great plot , great screenplay . Very funny , but not in the way other movies about marijuana are . Most `` pot movies '' are slapstick , but Home Grown is a true drama , with tasteful comedy thrown in for fun . I wish more film makers would make movies about subjects like marijuana , skateboarding , and snowboarding without having them resemble Dumb and Dumber .
 This movie was great !! If you like Billy Bob , you 'll love this movie even more !! Billy Bob is SUCH a great actor/director , etc. !!
 What a movie , i went and saw this 3 times and still could not get enough , John Lithgow plays a short but amazing camped up role as only he know how , as the business brains behind this dope growing operation : Plenty of dope , as you would expect , from views of the outdoor crop to the drying , manacuring , packing , to selling -LRB- or should that be trying to sell -RRB- in between there are raids by a gang of crop stealers who try and gate crash the grow site ... Only one real draw back on this movie though , there should have been more , film on the crop , such as the history and the properganda about the dope scene and how it got to where it is now . But all in all , i enjoyed this movie , well as i said i did see it 3 times , so i must have seen something in it ... PS : Some how through this movie i could see myself there with those guys ...
 Tragic that '' Home grown '' was only shown for basically for no more than a few days in very few theaters . Cast includes amazing actors such as Billy Bob Thornton , Hank Azaria , Ryan Phillippe , Jamie Lee Curtis , Ted Danson , and John Lithgow , and Jon Bon Jovi . It was a dark comedy which has suprises of violence combined thrilling moments . Its not a `` Pulpfiction '' type classic , but certainly worth veiwing . It was very difficult to see all the weed beeing burned at the end . Which was the most devestating part of the movie . Great to have '' Homegrown '' on DVD !
 Nicely done look at subculture rarely -LRB- if ever -RRB- tackled in film , with Lynch and others making up strong ensemble cast . A sure winner to buy .
 It 's a shame that `` Homegrown '' was but a brief blip on the box office radar screen , but it hardly ranks as the greatest injustice to befall a Hollywood product . This movie is n't a masterpiece . Still , it is thrilling , intriguing , funny , and provides a fascinating look at the subculture of marijuana growers . The performances seem spot-on , and the movie 's creators have admirably avoided some common pitfalls
 Homegrown is a gift to anyone who 's ever taken part in the herbacious sporting life . Billy Bob Thornton plays the smartest of three underachieving men guarding a mondo sized field of weed . He handles the role of senior man on site well . His acerbic wit is outstanding in this . His droll delivery of sarcastic disgust when outlining the obvious for the other two partners is pure music to my ears . I 'd say 9 out of every 10 things he had to say were just brutally funny . In my opinion , nobody does this better then Billy . Hank Azaria plays the second man who 's almost as smart but not quite and his lines are magic , too . Ryan Phillipe does well as the clueless kid , cursed by inexperience but packed with enthusiasm as were we all at his age . It 's his youthful exuberance and naivete as he screws up that is so fun to watch . Overall , the movie is funny , even when it gets violent -LRB- which there 's not much of -RRB- . It somehow mixes humor you 'd expect from potheads and the deeper type of humor found from clearer thinking minds . I 've been both and this appealed to each side of my life experience . Whether you watch this in a smoke filled room or not , you will laugh hard and often .
 Homegrown is a difficult movie to explain or market . Some people seem to want to call it a comedy to help ease the touchy marijuana subject , but it is really a crime drama , not a comedy . It 's a comedy only in the way that some unseasoned criminals screw up on the job -LRB- as in an Elmore Leonard novel -RRB- , but that 's just relief from what is truly a dramatic film about marijuana farmers . One ca n't help but wonder how the studio planned to deal with a possible backlash to a film that presents marijuana farmers as good guys , not demons.The cast is terrific , from Billy Bob Thornton to John Lithgow to Jamie Lee Curtis to Jon Bon Jovi , among many other big names . If you want to see a movie most people did n't get a chance to view on the big screen , check this one out .
 The characters are human enough to be believable , but silly enough to be fun to watch . It has great on-location shots that made me feel I was in the woods on the Northern California coast . If the `` illegal drugs '' part of it bothers you , just pretend it 's period piece set in Kentucky during the prohibition era . The only difference would be that , back then , the drug deemed evil by misguided government policy was alcohol . The problems prohibition caused -- crime , an underground economy and entire communities ' willingness to protect their local trade -- are the same .
 I had seen this video some while past and was looking to let a fried enjoy this humor , the video is super funny and quite well directed for such a different type of entertainment , this is a must see for all of billy bob lovers , get lost in the country for a couple of hours.This movie will entertain all Medical Marijuana advacates as well as show the value of the statement -LSB- legalize and tax it -RSB- hope you like it as much as myself and a few chosen friends at a gathering of like minded people
 this is a great flick for those interested in the marijuana culture , esspecially the guerilla grow-ops . A lot of big name stars ... i 'm suprised i never heard of this until it had been on video for a while . I do n't really see the comedy aspect as some other reviewers claim ... but w/e , we all have different sences of humor . Def . Not for those looking for another half baked or cheech & chong ... a bit more intelligent & realistic ... check it out !
 First of all , THIS IS NOT A SLAPSTICK DRUG MOVIE ALA CHEECH AND CHONG . I found this movie to be more of a drama/mystery than a comedy , and a very enjoyable , compelling , well-produced one at that . Sure , the plot revolves around the harvest and sale of a ` Green ' crop , but the scenario that the characters are placed in and quality of the acting and direction is far from the slapstick drug comedies that I do n't need to mention here . Parts of it reminded me of Fargo , in fact . With the head of the farm out of the picture , its up to the harvesters to negotiate the sale of the year 's crop , and it turns out that the business side of the industry is anything but simple business . The plot twists and turns , the characters cling to their wits , and the excellent direction enhances the paranoia that creeps across every frame of the picture . This movie surprised me
 It is a great movie . Slightly dark comedy . I stumbled onto it back in 2004 , I believe , on HBO one night . Within 15 minutes I knew I had to own it . I could n't believe all these big actors were in it and yet I had never heard of it . I made sure to check the date on it at the end of the film - 1998 . I was wowed because that is farther back than I thought . In 1998 , I was too young to appreciate such a movie . **** Ted Danson as the toy factory mafia guy is hilarious . **** It 's a great movie , at least rent it . Actually it might be cheaper to buy it now , BUY IT .
 Homegrown is part Dark Comedy/Thriller about a group of guys who sale pot.When they watch their boss get killed , they run off with enough weed to make there pay.Then they decide to good ahead and sale the rest of the pot growing on the land , so they house up with associate Lucy and they all work on selling their product together.A very entertaining movie to say the least , never boring.There is also an excellent cast , and a lot of cameo appearances.Billy Bob Thorton , Hank Azaria , Kelly Lynch , Ted Danson , and Jon Bon Jovi are just a few of the great talents in this movie.Homegrown is not a Cheech and Chong styled drug comedy , this is more of a dark comedy .
 Well written -LRB- except for the writers abandon at the end -RRB- well performed , somewhat of a peek glimpse into America 's growing cash srop . Chock full of cameo 's and a very surprising performance from Jon Bon Jovi ? would never had thought until the credits rolled . If your looking for Cheech and Chongesque reefer humour , do n't watch this .
 It 's clear that Brett Thompson 's documentary about Ed Wood was thoroughly researched and well made . Ed Wood comes across as a director with limited talent but unlimited enthusiasm , who had a real love for making movies . Most people remembered Ed fondly , but a few did not have kind things to say about him . Bela Lugosi , Jr. called Ed a user and a loser , who put his famous father in his movies just to capitalize on Lugosi 's celebrity status . What he fails to mention is that , by the time Ed Wood met him , Bela Lugosi was a has been that nobody else would even hire . Gregory Walcott , who played the pilot Jeff Trent in `` Plan 9 From Outer Space , '' likened the movie 's production to a grade school play . I give Brett Thompson credit for including those interviews , to balance the documentary with those who only praised Ed 's efforts . The biggest complaint I have about this documentary is the fact that it does n't include Ed Wood 's work in soft-core pornographic movies , acting in `` Pretty Models All In A Row '' and directing `` Necromania , '' his final film . While it 's sad to see what depths Ed had sunk to in his later years , it was an important part of his life that is entirely omitted . The highest praise I have is for one of the DVD 's many bonus features . They managed to find and restore `` Crossroads Of Laredo , '' Ed Wood 's very first directorial effort . That alone is worth the price of this DVD .
 Crafted with great respect , director Brett Thompson has fashioned a smart , sentimental journey back into the mind and movies of one Edward D. Wood , Jr. . He 's done it rather well . Ed Wood and Orson Welles used their own money and private resources to finance the original `` Independent Movies '' of the 1950 's and 1960 's . Welles you 've heard of . And today , we also remember Ed Wood . He directed the still humorous classic `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' . Ed Wood was so broke he could n't pay the lab to develop the film on his last movie . `` We are all interested in the future , for that is where you and I are going to spend the rest of our lives '' . Those were his words . This is his life . A complete work of love , `` The Haunted World of Ed Wood '' reviews his first 5 movies , his amusing Hollywood antics , and his own personal decline . Bulging with special features , easter eggs , interviews , premieres , and memorials , `` The Haunted World of Ed Wood '' chronicles the now famous B-picture director and casts bright lights on a 1950 's Hollywood we can no longer find . From Vampira to Bela Lugosi -LRB- including rare 1932 interviews -RRB- , actors living and dead are interviewed -LRB- where possible -RRB- for this tribute to the sexually ambiguous Wood . This brand new DVD enhances the original 1995 documentary and includes the first complete release of Wood 's 22-minute western , `` Crossroads of Laredo -LRB- featuring director Wood acting in 3 small parts -RRB- '' . Somewhere in another dimension , in a place known as B-picture heaven , the fog is starting to lift . The lights have flickered on . The camera box is dirty . There 's dust on the lens . The actors flub their lines . The cardboard set shakes a little . Somebody mutters about getting paid . Ed Wood is making a movie .
 A very touching film about a very nice man , who happened to be a lousy director . . but he had heart , and he was a decent fellow , it seems.I have laughed myself silly watching his movies , and maybe I should n't have . . but he was so awful , I could n't help myself . That 's not to say his films are n't entertaining.They most certainly are , and I think this film is a nice tribute to the man who never gave up , despite the cold-shoulder he got from mainstream Hollywood . It 's too bad he is famous world-wide now , and he is n't here to know it.Maybe he is up there , dressed in his angora wings , sitting on a satin pillow , smiling down on those of us who have come to love his weird little films .
 Anyone who has ever seen or heard of Edward D. Wood , Jr. knows what he or she is getting into before the opening credits . `` The Haunted World of Ed Wood '' does a credible job of portraying the man as well as his manic life . Whether it 's Gregory Walcotts ' condescending nastiness or a funny , insightful Vampira -LRB- who , by the way is `` hotter '' at 80 then she was at 25 ! -RRB- , I appreciate the inclusion of the good as well as the bad . For Ed Wood fans , this little gem is well worth seeing.At the end of the `` Plan 9 Companion '' the narrator says , `` Ed Wood did his best to make an entertaining film and succeeded-if not exactly in all the ways he may have intended . '' I think that says it all .
 Director Brett Thompson has done a fabulous job giving us the life of the man once dubbed the Worst Director in Hollywood . Thompson wisely eschews mocking Wood , and instead concentrates on a skewed vision of the American Dream
 Ed Wood is generally regarded as a person it is acceptable to ridicule . Born in 1924 in Poughkeepsie , New York , he spent his childhood and youth in thrall to pulp fiction , comic books , and movie matinees . After distinguishing himself in combat during World War II , he drifted to Hollywood with an itch to drink , wear women 's clothes , and make movies . He did all three -- and in the case of the latter Wood , although he would act , write , direct , and otherwise participate in at least thirty-eight films , is generally considered one of the most profoundly inept artists in the history of cinema.Wood is best known for a series of ultra-low budget films he wrote and directed in the 1950s
 THE HAUNTED WORLD OF EDWARD D. WOOD JR. -LRB- 1995 -RRB- was assembled from 1994 interviews -LRB- identifiable by Lyle Talbot saying he 's 92 and was born in 1902 -RRB- . For those mainly familiar with Tim Burton 's highly fictionalED WOOD -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , this hour and forty-eight minute documentary will present differing opinions on many events depicted in that film . Examples : Rev. Lynn Lemon claims no Baptist ever forced Ed to change the title of `` Graverobbers From Outer Space '' to `` Plan 9 , '' and implies that Wood did so himself to try avoiding paying royalties to investors.Loretta King and Dolores Fuller have conflicting memories ofBRIDE OF THE MONSTER -LRB- 1955 -RRB- . Fuller 's version coincides with Burton 's , but Miss King says no one ever asked her for backing money , not even when production shut down temporarily , and that her agent arranged with Ed to give Loretta the female lead purportedly written for Dolores.Ed 's first wife , Norma McCarty , and her son Mac -LRB- from a previous relationship -RRB- , were left out of Burton 's picture , arguably because her story was similar to Fuller 's . Norma , who has a stewardess cameo inPLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE -LRB- 1959 -RRB- , gave Wood , her husband of several months , the boot when he confessed to being a crossdresser.In her interview segments , the former Vampira lays around , looking obese , ugly and every day of her 72 years . She gleefully cackles over the idea that Ed tried patterning himself after Orson Welles , then indiscreetly reveals that the director ofCITIZEN KANE -LRB- 1941 -RRB- gave her a dose of the Clap.Also appearing are actors Connie Brooks and Paul Marco , plus Ed 's production partner , Crawford Thomas , who 's the producer of this documentary . All have loving memories of Wood , in contrast with Bela Lugosi Jr. , whose venomous remarks about Ed must 've had him spinning in his grave . Jr. 's assertion that Wood exploited his dad and put him in the worst sort of movies omits the fact that dad was already working in bombs before Ed came along.It 's not entirely true that Lugosi was a `` has-been '' by the time Wood and he met , yet , except for one TV role , he did have a four year lay-off betweenABBOTT & COSTELLO MEET FRANKENSTEIN -LRB- 1948 -RRB- and the stinkerooVAMPIRE OVER LONDON , also &uuml;ber sillyBELA LUGOSI MEETS A BROOKLYN GORILLA -LRB- both 1952 -RRB- . Ed 's infamous semi-biopicGLEN OR GLENDA -LRB- 1953 -RRB- was Bela 's next film after `` Gorilla . '' In hindsight , it 's far more memorble than either `` London '' or `` Gorilla . '' During a four movie association with `` Eddy , '' Lugosi also appeared inTHE BLACK SLEEP -LRB- 1956 -RRB- , with Basil Rathbone , Lon Chaney , John Carradine , Akim Tamiroff and Ed 's very own Tor Johnson , so his working with Wood did n't end other opprtunities . . THE HAUNTED WORLD OF EDWARD D. WOOD JR. and all the extras included with it are must-sees for Eddy fans . They 're also available as part of a marvelous multi-film collection , THE ED WOOD BOX .
 Instead of being an Ed Wood movie , this is a documentary of his life . It is well done and presents both good and bad aspects of Wood 's character . It includes footage from most of his films as well as interviews with some of the people with whom he worked . These people do not always agree with each other about Wood but , by and large , it is respectfully done.All that being said , I did not particularly enjoy this documentary . I had it so I watched it and have no regrets for having done so . Although it is well done it is somewhat sad . Ed Wood is a figure of fun through his sheer incompetence . Watching the story of his aspirations and dreams being shattered through his own lack of talent was not particularly fun even if it was informative .
 This book is a thorough account of Ed Wood 's life and career , but done in a sympatheitic yet humourous way . The humour is engaging , and definitely not poking fun at our hero . A must for all fans .
 Edward D. Wood Jr. was a strange man . Besides directing some of the worst movies ever made -LRB- `` Plan 9 , '' `` Glen or Glenda , '' `` Night of the Ghouls , '' `` Necromania '' -RRB- , he is semi-famous for giving Bela Lugosi dual immortality -LRB- star of the best and worst horror films -RRB- and dressing up as a woman.This well produced documentary tracks his life through interviews with Wood co-workers -LRB- Crawford Thomas , Paul Marco , Harry Thomas , Gregory Walcott -RRB- friends -LRB- Joe Robertson , David Ward -RRB- and lovers -LRB- Dolores Fuller , Norma McCarty -RRB- , film clips , home movies , and photographs.The film has some flaws . Interviewees ramble off topic , they talk about Wood as if he were a great filmmaker , and his later , uglier output is barely mentioned . However , this is arguably the best Ed Wood documentary on the market.The DVD looks fine considering the film stock it was made with . It sounds quite good . The real value of the disc lie in its extras , most notably the commentary , the reunion footage -LRB- `` FIRST TIME IN 41 YEARS ! '' the box assures us -RRB- , and the newly restored `` Crossroads of Laredo , '' which was Ed Wood 's first film .
 This is a fantastic documentary about life and death of Ed Wood , an eternal misunderstood for his time . It has amazing and shocking statements of the true story that surrounded him and his monsters , as well as his crazy , but brilliant ideas . It 's definately shocking in a way to see his work disputed today and despised yesterday .
 Funny movie with some great one liners . If you want to watch a goofy comedy with a little heart this is for you . Paul Rudd is a very underapreciated actor and shines in this movie . Sean William Scott and Mc ` lovin are quite funny as well , this is just a really good movie all the way through . Yes it has some bad language but it 's funny the way it is used . If you enjoyed the 40 year old virgin , american pie , superbad you will like this movie .
 Sometimes something-simply-of-nothing is very nice to watch like this movie of two friends , home-entertainers , doing their probation for a road accident at the hard-kid-learning center.Regrettably , not everything depends on educative efforts in reality while in this movie , sexually charged and touching a multitude of legal , educative and simply day-by-day problems , happy end was predetermined.Good drag !
 ROLE MODELS **** Out of 5Release Date - November 7th , 2008Running Time - 101-MinutesRating - RScreenplay - Paul Rudd , David Wain , Ken Marino & Timothy DowlingDirector - David WainStarring - Paul Rudd , Seann William Scott , Christopher Mintz-Plasse , Bobb ' e J. Thompson , Jane Lynch , Ken Marino and Elizabeth Banks as BethBased off the trailer for Role Models I thought the movie looked funny , but I have to say it turned out far better than I thought it would . By no means would I rate this as the funniest movie I have ever seen , but Role Models is constantly funny without being too over the top and beneath all the cursing and some nudity Role Models actually has a lot of heart and is a really sincere movie.The screenplay by Paul Rudd , David Wain , Ken Marino & Timothy Dowling is very well written even if a little clich&eacute;d . Bottom line is you pretty much can figure out what 's gon na happen it 's fairly predictable , but do n't take that as a knock against the movie . Role Models is well written and often very funny . Like I said it may not be the funniest movie , but it 's a constant funny and the characters are very likeable and have some depth to them as well . Like I said Role Models is fairly predictable there 's really nothing here you have n't seen done before , but again it has a lot of heart and is sincere and the characters are excellent and any problem is easy to overlook due to how fun the movie is.Role Models is one of those movies that is enjoyable , but somewhere along the way it really hooks you in and you start to become really invested in seeing how things turn out even if you pretty much already know how it will turn out . The writing is solid and like I said it 's always funny , but not to where it 's too much . There is such a thing as being too funny or dramatic or scary . You have to know when to be funny and when to slow it down a bit and that 's where the writing and directing for that matter really work.David Wain besides co-writing also directs and does a bang up job ; again I have to say despite all the cursing and some nudity and sexual content , Wain delivers a movie that really does have a lot of heart and is so much more than the viewer might think before going into the movie . Wain handles the comedy very well and does n't over do it . Again you can be too funny to where it 's too much , but Wain hits all the right spots and delivers one of the best comedies of 2008 . The true power of Role Models is the cast and the actors elevate the movie and help make it even better . Seann William Scott best known as Stiffler from the American Pie flicks in my opinion is one of the most gifted comedic actors in Hollywood today . While most of the cast from American Pie have faded off a bit , Seann William Scott has been able to continue on even of a little under the radar . Paul Rudd also delivers an excellent performance and he 's really good at that sarcastic style comedy and like Seann William Scott is a much better comedic actor than some might realize.The standout star though was Bobb ' e J. Thompson as Ronnie Shields this kid was just hysterical and every scene he 's in will have you laughing or leave you with a smile on your face . He was foul mouthed and just simply hysterical . Christopher Mintz-Plasse as Augie Farks was also really funny as well and while he does n't get the great lines as some of the other actors he makes up for that with a really funny performance . Jane Lynch as Gayle comes close to stealing the show and Elizabeth Banks also provides another winning performance.Again Role Models may not be the funniest movie ever made , but the movie is always funny and entertaining with a really talented cast that elevates the movie . Despite the clich&eacute;s and again you 'll know how it will turn out before it ends , but despite all that Role Models really worked out great and maybe better than it should have . This comes highly recommended.The Blu-ray from Universal is excellent with the picture and sound ; Of all the BD I own by Universal they really deliver big time . The extra features are alright and on the unrated version has the PIP option .
 It 's Stifler , McLovin , Paul Rudd , and a scene-stealing , foul-mouthed mini-Chris Rock , as if this movie had any chance of being anything other than hilarious.Essentially the story sets up as a Big Brother , Big Sister meets Animal House . It 's wild antics , hilarious situations , and little kids dropping the F-bomb . The cast works perfectly together , with not only comedic chemistry , but also the mentorship feel expected of people involved in an organization that helps youngsters.As a pair of immature pitchmen for an energy drink called Minotaur , Danny -LRB- Paul Rudd -RRB- and Wheeler -LRB- Sean William Scott -RRB- tour through schools together preaching a stay off drugs message , but in life they are moving in different directions . Danny hates his job and equates it with poisoning and killing children . Meanwhile , Wheeler , who wears the actual big-headed Minotaur costume , absolutely loves his daily existence , wearing his `` game face '' daily . Each of their love lives plays a large factor into how their outlook on life is shaped . Danny 's lawyer girlfriend Beth -LRB- Elizabeth Banks -RRB- is becoming increasingly irritated by his attitude . Wheeler 's successfully promiscuous lifestyle could n't make him happier deviant . When Danny acts up one too many times , his life falls apart and he presents himself and Wheeler with a not-so-difficult decision
 . . but I love this movie.I do n't usually buy DVDs and I 'm one of those people who read a book once , watch a movie once , never really cared to watch re-runs on television but I picked this up just because my girlfriend and I quote it all the time still.I know it 's 2011 and I should move on , but damn it I do n't want to!Where did I get this movie ? From your Mom 's closet .
 If you thought that life is easy ; think again , the basis of this film is to showthe difficulty that parents experience in raising children . Just what is ajuvenile delinquent ? The story line shows just what a family experiences in theatempt of parents to raise their children to be good people . Regardless of whatwe perceive our children to be , we , as parents , must dedicate ourselves to the betterment of the individual concerned . The actors in this film show just whatit takes to accomplish this task in a comical manner . So , be prepared to laugh !
 I love this movie ! it cracks me up every time i watch it . i never ever get tired of it . taste the beast !!!
 An R-rated comedy , Role Models is not your traditional raunchy , sophomoric flick that relies on nonstop slapstick gags and potty humor a la Animal House , American Pie or Something about Mary . Rather , it is a cleverly scripted , brilliantly cast comedy that also contains a heartfelt , feel good story.Paul Rudd and Sean William Scott star as Danny and Wheeler , underachieving best friends who have yet to `` grow up '' . Following a bad day at work , they find themselves on probation and court ordered to do 100 hours of community service work as , ironically , Big-Brother mentors to adolescents from broken homes . Danny is paired with Augie , a nerdy , lonely kid who 's sole source of happiness comes from his weekend participation in a local medieval , fantasy role playing game . Meanwhile , Wheeler is paired with Ronnie , a brash , foul mouthed , pint-sized 12 year old who thinks he knows everything about being a grown up.Contrary to some of the other reviews I read , I feel that the story that unfolds is not necessarily predictable . The pair find themselves in hilarious , laugh out loud situation after situation and yet the relationships they form with the adolescents is both tender and believable . This is not to say that Role Models is a cinematic classic but it is an intelligent , well made comedy that has a good story line and is genuinely funny .
 I do n't know , I laughed my butt off . And that 's really the only reason I watched this . I mean , you ca n't look at the cover and expect a cinematic classic can you ? Some of the humor is just plain tasteless , sure . But hear me out - I actually laughed harder at this than I did at Superbad . Or did I ? I do n't know , but this movie even has a KISS freak in it ... so any KISS freak or former KISS freak should see this right after watching Detroit Rock City . Beneath the veneer of whacky characters and goofy scenarios , there is some depth and heart in this movie that should n't be overlooked . As an understatement for a side note , Elizabeth Banks is a bad mamma jamma . Some of Jane Lynch 's lines in this film made me feel vulnerable and alienated at the same time , but if you like stupid comedies for the sake of hilarity , do n't miss this one .
 This review is for the theatrical version of the movie
 This film was pretty funny . From the LARP satire , to relating to annoying kids -LRB- and adults -RRB- , to the dark humor of 12-step reality and intervention ... It 's not the sort of comedy I expect to see someone like Paul Rudd doing , which is in part why it comes off as more grown up humor than I generally attribute to Seann William Scott . Jane Lynch characteristically brings the tone up as the overbearing caregiver , though neither she nor Scott are stretching their acting or comedic boundaries . They are basically playing the same shtick they always do -- neuromaniac and goofy hornball . That aside , the whole cast is great and its chemistry conveys well , particularly between the Littles and their Bigs . The pitch is still mostly gutter humor , not for the whole family , but it 's in keeping with Judd Apatow 's smart comedic style . This film is great for lots of laughs and a geeky triumph of the spirit .
 This will make you laugh and cringe at the same time.The end is a little corny but , it was still fun to watch .
 In this new `` golden era '' of R-rated comedies -LRB- KNOCKED UP , 40 YEAR OLD VIRGIN , SUPER BAD , etc. -RRB- ... there are a few `` MVP '' actors who have made a real impact on a broad swath of these films . Seth Rogan is certainly the name that first leaps to mind , if only for sheer number of appearances . But my personal favorite is Paul Rudd -LRB- to my mind , he 's the best thing in KNOCKED UP ... a very good film -RRB- . He 's a handsome actor with mischief and intelligence in equal measure twinkling in his eyes . He 's one of the actors who plays a character who actually says funny things because his character would say something funny , rather than just because the script demanded it . He seldom pushes himself physically , but verbally he 's capable of the most subtle work imaginable.His appearance along in ROLE MODELS made me want to see the film . He 's not had a truly starring role before , and since he also co-wrote the script ... I knew this was a must see.But I must also admit that Seann William Scott -LRB- Stifler in the AMERICAN PIE films ... the series that bridged the gab from PORKY 's era R-rated comedy to today 's current ilk -RRB- was also a draw for me . He 's capable of the most explicit raunch , but also does n't seem to have a single malicious bone in his body . There is something infectious about his `` let 's party '' attitude that makes you believe that this actor is genuinely enjoying what he 's doing and would , in fact , be the life of any party . The prospect of these two together was just too much to resist.BUT THEN I realized that Jane Lynch , that most spectacular of under-rated film comediennes -LRB- VIRGIN , A MIGHTY WIND , BEST IN SHOW -RRB- was also featured . She 's difficult to describe , frankly . A tall presence , her characters often teeter on the line between being the smartest person in the room and the most insane.ROLE MODELS tells the story of two guys -LRB- Rudd & Scott -RRB- who work selling a Red Bull like concoction called Minotaur to high-school kids . They drive their tricked out Minotaur truck to schools and Scott , dressed as a minotaur , hands out free samples and makes minotaur noises . Rudd , dressed in a suit , gives whimpy anti-drug speeches -LRB- `` Do n't do drugs ... drink Minotaur '' -RRB- . Scott LOVES his job ... Rudd hates his job and hates himself for being stuck in it for a decade . Scott thinks he and Rudd a great friends . Rudd considers Scott a barely tolerable co-worker . One day , after Rudd 's girlfriend -LRB- Elizabeth Banks -RRB- breaks up with him , Rudd finally looses his cool and causes a rather spectacular accident with the Minotaur-truck . Rather than be sent to jail , the two are sentenced to 180 hours each of community service work at `` Sturdy Wings '' , a kind of Big Brother organization run by Lynch . Scott is assigned to Ronnie , a young , black and EXTREMELY foul-mouthed eleven year old -LRB- I 'm guessing at the age -RRB- who has never had a Big Brother who lasted more than a day . Rudd gets Augie , a 16 year old -LRB- Christopher Mintz-Platz ... McLovin from SUPERBAD -RRB- ... a kid who lives to play in a one of those groups where everyone dresses up likes knights and kings and bashes each other Styrofoam swords.You can pretty much guess where this movie is headed about 20 minutes into it . These reluctant father figures will learn to appreciate their kids , learn lessons about life , themselves and each other . The kids will feel better about themselves . Everyone will be happy.It 's the journey getting to this point that is so much fun . There are some very clever ideas ... many of them centered around the rock band KISS . The film also manages to milk a lot of humor out of the whole knights & ladies scenario ... many of them more insightful than you would expect.But what truly makes the film successful are the performances from the folks you expected to see deliver . Paul Rudd is , flat-out , hilariously dry . Early on , he launches into a venomous tirade against a barista ... all about how their coffee is tall , grande and venti . It 's full of gall ... and it 's totally relatable to anyone who 's ever been frustrated at the way a store conducts its business . But when he begins to melt , he never strays from the truth of his character . He does n't lose that cynical sense of humor ... just the self-loathing behind it . And Scott is nearly a revelation . His character is n't quite as raunchy as Stifler , and he develops a rather touching relationship with his young charge ... one which he takes very convincingly seriously . Although it is n't exactly high praise , I would say this may be Scott 's best-rounded , most `` human '' performance . He 's been given a script that actually asks him to act and not just be a clown . And he delivers.Jane Lynch steals all her scenes . When she decides she 's angry at Rudd and Scott , her diatribes against them are a joy to behold . On the surface , they seem reasonable ... but they actually make virtually no sense . Lynch plays them with the straightest of all possible straight faces ... to hilarious effect.The young boys Bobb ' e Thompson and Mintz-Platz are quite up to sharing the screen with their older , more experienced co-stars . Thompson in particular manages to be touching without ever once abandoning his basic assignment as the smart - * ss.I only dock the film points for a rather tepid performance from Elizabeth Banks -LRB- in an underwritten role -RRB- and for its core of unoriginality . As I said , the journey is fun ... but where it leads is unmistakably familiar ground ... trod by about a million movies ahead of it . But it is HIGHLY entertaining , very much NOT for children and a nice addition to this new `` golden era '' of raunchy comedies .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this movie . When I first saw the trailer I thought it looked interesting , but apparently no one else did . After seeing the positive reviews and hearing from friends that it actually was a very funny movie , I decided to pick it up on BRD -LRB- my first BRD btw -RRB- . While the story is n't particularly original and a bit predictable , it walks the line between having a heart and over-the-top-and-frequently-crude humor perhaps better than any movie since the original American Pie -LRB- the fact that Sean William Scott is in this movie is just coincidence -RRB- . And this is a comedy after all ; people are expecting feel good laughs -- not crazy plot twists.I think most people know about the main characters , who do an excellent job , as well as the plotline , so it 's worth mentioning that the auxilary characters are hilarious , especially Jane Lynch . Her friendly and well-meaning but borderline-psychotic demeanor is hysterical . I also enjoyed the overzealous dweeb who 's volunteered for over 5 years for Sturdy Wings -LRB- the `` Big Brothers '' type of organization Lynch runs -RRB- , and the `` King '' and his minions in the fictitious role-playing game that Augie -LRB- McLovin ' -RRB- takes part in . Almost all the characters add a little something to the movie , which is great.As for the added content , the deleted scenes are , as expected , hilarious . Blu-Ray exclusives include things like Blu-Ray Live , which connects you to the internet for some exclusive content , and the ability to cut out certain scenes . I have n't gotten too much into it , but it adds some longevity to the entertainment of the product if that 's your thing.Anyway , if you thought the previews were ho-hum , do n't let that fool you . This movie was perhaps one of the biggest surprises of the year , with a light hearted but solid story and , most importantly , huge laughs .
 I loved this movie . So sue me . I 'm a complete sucker for jackass adolescent humor and boy/man/guy comedy . What elevates `` Role Models '' and other good ones like 40 Year Old Virgin , Superbad , Pineapple Express is a great script , memorable and believable characters and a point ... and a moral ... to the story . Maybe because I have sons , I just hugely enjoy these smart and sensitive guy comedies from the `` frat pack , '' the whole Judd Apatow crew . NICE JOB PAUL RUDD , who stars and wrote this . I have loved you since Clueless .
 Non stop laughing , and the price was amazing on this dealWould recommend to any one who like comedies and laughing
 overall nice quality blu ray . Funny movie and a pretty good price . Could n't pass it up . Starting to grow my BD Collection up a bit .
 I first watched this movie while I was in college , working for the summer . One of my roommates had it . I found that whenever I had 90 minutes to clean , nap , eat , or just have before moving onto the next thing , this movie would get put in . Its short , hilarious , and perfect for just that `` whatever '' movie . Paul Rudd and Sean William Scott match their sarchastic natures PERFECTLY , and it is a wonderful combo . Their quick quips and witty comments will have you rolling with laughter.If you have n't seen it yet , do it . NOW . You wo n't regret it .
 I love this movie , and shared it recently with friends . You 're not going to find a piece of deep , meaningful film here - but you will find a quality bit of comedy with great acting alongside a positive message about appreciating people for who they are , not for who you 'd like them to be .
 If you have a sense of humor , lov some action , Also if you like alot of sexual situations , This movie is for you !
 This is a great movie to watch over and over . You 'll find something different to laugh about each time ... it 's also a great party movie !
 I avoided this movie in theaters as I assumed it had fallen in with a string of terrible raunchy comedies . While this movie is not immune to a little bit of comedic depravity the movie has a real heart and is very enjoyable . The leads , including their younger companions are all extremely likable and fun to watch . Overall this a great comedy .
 This movie is pretty funny . I 'm a big fan of Paul Rudd and he makes me laugh hard . All in all the cast is great and so is the plot .
 This is an awesome comedy perfect for fans of super bad , pineapple express , tropic thunder , walk hard , and the like ! A must watch for any comedy movie marathon . True story
 As a comedy this movie delivers . I review movies for my part time job and after seeing 10 + movies a week , you get pretty numb to most of the stuff out there . This is one of the few comedies I 've laughed out loud at in a while . There are lots of funny scenes throughout that kept me laughing the entire movie , instead of most comedies that just have lots of hit and miss scenes . This is up there Adam McKay 's stuff , and better than most Happy Madison films.Many people have given this movie a bad review/rating based on its lack of story . Um sorry to break the news to you , but comedies are about one thing - humor . The story is only a background element to make a comedy , same as every other comedy out there . You rate a drama based on its story , not a comedy .
 Pretty much everyone , evenKevin Smith , is trying to cash in on the success of Judd Apatow and friends . Never before have such a talented , bright group of comedians come together to produce such a collection of hilarious and heartfelt films . From Rogen to Rudd , from Hill to Segel , from Carell to Cera , Judd Apatow knows how to cast some funny and creative dudes , so naturally Hollywood would try to repeat his success and grab these dudes up . The team behind ROLE MODELS scored big , recruiting Apatow alums Paul Rudd -LRB- The 40-Year-Old Virgin , Knocked Up , Forgetting Sarah Marshall -RRB- and Christopher Mintz-Plasse -LRB- Superbad -RRB- , along with a pretty funny guy who has n't gotten a lot of love in the film industry recently , Seann William Scott -LRB- Stiffler fromAmerican Pie -RRB- . Despite the strong cast , the trailer collected some pretty bad jokes and stiff moments , so I thought this Apatow-copy would surely be a stinker ... but surprisingly , it was really , really good . Chock full of both laughs and heart , this is definitely worth watching.The premise is simple . Two men who spend their lives going school-to-school selling energy drinks to students wind up in court after the more-uptight dude snaps after a particularly rotten day . Instead of going to jail , the two opt to be mentors -LRB- `` Bigs '' -RRB- to some kids -LRB- `` Littles '' -RRB- who have been unsuccessful in keeping a mentor around thus far . The kids are hilarious and really impressed me . One of them is played by Bobb ' e Jacques Thompson , a mini-twelve year old and self-described `` Booby Watcher . '' Christopher Mintz-Plasse plays Augie Farks , a role-playing nerd who is neglected by his family . The plot , on the surface , is a straight forward dramedy in which the mentor program teaches both the mentor and the kid something important , but the ways it 's done is so fantastically creative and tongue-in-cheek that you forget how traditional the arc of the story really is . Plus , Paul Rudd is basically a legend , so watching him crack jokes , get attached to Augie , and sing freestyle songs to his girlfriend on a faux-Medieval battlefield is an experience everybody deserves to have.ROLE MODELS blew my expectations away . Paul Rudd and Seann William Scott had pretty good chemistry , but what really made this film was their relationships with the two kids . It was touching , hilarious , and really creatively done .8 / 10
 Right off the bat I have to say that Vesta and I almost hit the reject button on the DVD player . This movie started out stupid and dumb and we were pretty sure it had nowhere to go . Time to get up and watch something on Hulu . `` You wan na do it ? '' She said . `` No , I got the cat . '' Scruffy , our mangy tom was sitting in my lap and I was comfortable in my recliner . `` Somebody has to get up and get that bloody movie out of that player . '' She was comfortable in her recliner too . That 's the problem with these things , get a glass of wine in your hand , recline and you just do n't wan na get up.So we let the movie play a bit longer and son of a gun if I did n't start laughing on occasion . Vesta too . Then more laughter , then I was into this silly story and it was silly , but somehow , I do n't know how , we wound up being entertained and that 's what movies are supposed to be about . They 're supposed to take you out of you 're life for an hour or two and this one did.Maybe this movie was made for younger people . Vesta thought it was made for guys who like to get together with a few beers and laughs . But whoever the intended audience , we wan na sign up with ` em , because though this movie started out stupid and dumb , it wound up being campy and fun . Yes , it was lewd and crude , but heck , it was sort of a romantic comedy too . Sort of a coming of age story as well . All in all , I got ta say , this is an unexpectedly good movie .
 Like its two lead characters , ROLE MODELS is a movie that does n't seem to be expecting too much of itself as it lures us into familiar man-child territory.Seann William Scott and -LRB- co-writer -RRB- Paul Rudd are Wheeler and Danny , two low-achieving coworkers paid to travel to schools with an act that preaches against drugs while pushing powerful energy-drinks as the safe alternative . The difference between them ? Wheeler loves his work and thinks of Danny as his friend . Danny hates his job , the fact that he should have done more with his life and ca n't commit to being more than a colleague to Wheeler . Danny 's mean , sarcastic and rude to coffee shop baristas . Clearly he does n't deserve a girlfriend like Beth -LRB- Elizabeth Banks -RRB- , who rejects his spontaneous marriage proposal and dumps him instead . Danny 's dejection leads to a tangle with the law and soon he and Wheeler are sent to perform 150 hours of community service at the local mentoring program , Sturdy Wings.This is where the movie grows some wings of its own and really takes off . The flight path may be familiar , and there are no surprises when it comes to a predictably happy landing . But the journey becomes a lot of fun when Wheeler and Danny become `` Bigs '' to two very different `` Littles , '' Ronnie -LRB- Bobb ' e J. Thompson -RRB- and Augie -LRB- Christopher Mintz-Plasse -RRB- . It 's clear that on paper at least , our two ROLE MODELS lack all the traditional skills required to teach anything to the kids . Fast-talking , foul-mouthed Ronnie is the product of broken home in need of a father figure , not a `` booby '' obsessed party lover like Wheeler . The costume-sewing fantasy game participant Augie should n't expect much sympathy from the snide Danny . Bad mentoring leads to chaos , confusion and near-tragedy . But somehow , everyone develops the sturdiness of wing to make it to the end having taught something to someone else -- and discovered something essential about themselves.Supporting characters add to the fun throughout , especially Jane Lynch as the ex-coke-addict who founded the Sturdy Wings program and the various costumed characters who take the game of `` Laire '' very seriously indeed.ROLE MODELS is a movie that wo n't teach you much . But it will definitely make you laugh .
 I saw this movie once , laughed a little and was well on my way . Then i rented it again when a few buddies were over and laughed like crazy . There are little pieces in the movie , where it was slow , paul rudd and SWS did a good job in this film . If your in the 18-25yr range this is a must have !!!
 Even if only half of the humorous bits of ROLE MODELS succeed for you , you will consider this is a very funny movie!The premise is that , to avoid jail time , Paul Rudd and Seann William Scott -LRB- as Danny and Wheeler -RRB- perform community service as big brothers to a pair of troubled boys
 I picked this movie up last week after seeing the blu-ray previews on TV . It started and ended w / hilarious lines . The middle of the film was no slouch either . Seann William Scott and Paul Rudd prove to be a formidable comedy duo .
 The trailers did n't do this movie any favors . Judging by those I never even thought about seeing Role Models in theaters , but when I saw all the positive reviews from critics I decided to give it a chance . I 'm really glad I did.The chemistry between the cast is very good , especially Seann William Scott and Paul Rudd . They easily carry the movie and provide loads of laughs , but lets not forget about all the wacky side characters . Christopher Mintz-Plasse plays a nerd like no one else , Bobb ' e J. Thompson spits out the worst language you will ever hear out of a young kid and Jane Lynch straddles that weird/crazy line yet again.I also ca n't fail to mention the great use of the band KISS . The songs `` Love Gun '' and `` Detroit Rock City '' get play in the flick . Just wait until you see the fantasy battle at the end with the four main characters dressed up as KISS . My theater erupted with laughter.It 's great to see a funny comedy that balances being crude and having some heart . Role Models has both and is also quite unique to boot .
 I 've only seen this movie on tv . But it always made me laugh so I decided to purchase it . It is even funnier uncensored . Not a family movie by any means . Blu ray looks great .
 You know this movie will not win any Academy Awards , but then again I dont think thats what the producers had in mind.this came out in a period where there were not alot of great movies in the theater , but I 'll tell you it had us along with everyone else in the theater laughing the entire movie.Sean William Scott will of course be forever branded with the Stiffler persona from American Pie , but for some reason even though he is doing the same kind of I have 11 inches routine character he is able to change just enough in each movie to be accepted by the audience.You might not want real young kids seeing this although i , m sure parents will , which is why our children are like they are today , but you will laugh which is something were lacking today big time whether in the movies or real life .
 I 'm a little ol' fashioned when it comes to comedy . I do n't appreciate toilet humor or say the dance scene from `` Superbad '' with what happens to his pants . Those jokes make me want to turn off the tv or stop watching the movie . That said , I read reviews when this movie came out . They said it can be a little trashy , but a great overall movie . So , I gave this a rental . Not only was it a great theme -LRB- even if it is trite and over-used at this point in time -RRB- , but it was hilarious . It has been a while since my wife and I laughed that much at a movie . In fact , I loved it so much I bought it . Paul Rudd plays his typical character -LRB- see `` I love you , Man '' -RRB- and Sean William Scott plays a sex obsessed man . The two kids are really great and the relationship that builds is great . It is one of those you know how it is going to end about 20 minutes in as it takes the same plot line the other 10 million comedies before it does . However , it is funny , really funny . We both really loved this movie . The crudeness is not horrible and it has really great moments .
 This movie is absolutely hysterical even if it is a bit uncouth at times . It is also one of those rare comedies that you can watch multiple times and still laugh your ass off . I have seen both the dvd and blu ray versions , and the blu ray looks absolutely incredible . It looks amazing for a movie that really does not have any special effects . It was like looking out a window at the actors . For the price , you might as well get the blu ray .
 Role Models is a movie that is funny because of the people acting in it . The script by itself would just be dull and boring , but with these guys it 's nearly a riot . We 've got actors from the apatow circle and we have others that have hovered around this latest comedy scene and made quite an impression.Recently we 're seeing comedy with funnier improv than script . Superbad was a great example . Role Models follows with a little less improv but still a fair amount of laughs are generated . The movie survives because of actors like Paul Rudd , Jane Lynch , Ken Jeong , Ken Marino , A.D. Miles , Joe Lo Truglio , and Matt Walsh . The movie is enriched and made funny by these people , otherwise it would n't last . The other actors in the film Christopher Mintz-Plasse , Sean William Scott , and Bobbe ' j are great additions to the mix of your standard Improv-ers . The give the film a little more reality with the mixed perspectives of comedy . With too much improv and satire you 'll forget what the film is about . All and all the film turns out to be a great buddy buddy comedy about our relationships with younger people . I think it has a lot to offer , however do n't expect to be viewing Apatow 's next film here.The special features are actually very good for a Universal movie . The U-control is less tiresome and the extras are consistenly funny . I was satisfied with my blu-ray version . I reccomend viewing them even if you do n't normally cruise the special features . These filmmakers are making special feature specific comedy for us and a lot of people are missing out on great fun.Role Models does n't have much to offer besides simple laughs . However they are good laughs , and they may be some of your favorite jokes . Rent it/Buy it pop it in and do n't expect an awakening . It 's just good hilarious fun . Let Jane Lynch and Paul Rudd tickle you for an hour and a half .
 This movie was just as good as the previews -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- . The growth of the characters -LRB- both adult and kids -RRB- was nice to see . Had there not been so much foul language sexual content this could have also been a good family movie and had a much larger audience . But , as it stands it is pretty much an adult movie with plenty of laughs . I could watch this more than once so that is good if I consider buying the DVD .
 It 's difficult to make a comedy these days . The standards have truly been raised/lowered -LRB- depending on your opinion -RRB- by over-the-top folks like Sasha Baron Cohen and Will Ferrel . The genre has also received some maturity by those Kings of the latter 00 's Comedies , Apatow and Co. . They gave and continue to give comedies the over the top laughs a la Kevin Smith but with their own true heart that is n't the usual contrivance of most 90 's comedies . Role Models is a warm film but is more likely to be a minor classic than anything . It has all the bare breasts , raunchy humor and drug use but it really delves into what it takes to be a role model to someone and the flaws in common mentoring . Jane Lynch 's character is fantastic . Her deadpan comedy caught my attention in the 40 Year-Old Virgin -LRB- that song she suddenly sang in Spanish made me literally spit out my drink -RRB- and she is rather well showcased in this film . The only make or break point is ... How much you really buy the whole LAIRE -LRB- Kind of a live action RPG for nerds -RRB- thing . If participation by the whole cast makes you giggle then this is the best comedy you 've ever seen . If it makes you sad to see grown men wear medieval costume and play make believe , then the third act is really going to annoy you , although the denouement is done quite well . The two kids in need of mentoring are n't just two hyperboles of troubled youth . We all went to school with kids like them and this adds to the heart of the film . The extras in the DVD are really quite nice so do n't miss them !
 i 'm a chick , and yes !! i loved it . i agree it was n't `` superbad '' -LRB- the movie -RRB- because it was actually funny ! i mean really , you ca n't compare this to that ! role models has you laughing from beginning to end . . it 's definitely a must see !!
 I 've only seen this movie on tv . But it always made me laugh so I decided to purchase it . It is even funnier uncensored . Not a family movie by any means .
 I really enjoyed this movie . It was fun to watch . People who were supposed to go to jail are doing a public service . Guess what , they are role models to some kids !
 This movie does not deserve a bad rating . I think the movie was great . It is funny . The actors and actresses are a great selection for the movie . I think if your just looking for a good comical movie to watch then this one would be a perfect choice .
 Ok , Paul Rudd and Seann William Scott like peanut butter and jelly in this movie -- boy did they complement each other . And Seann William Scott is a fool , he 's so funny !!! I love him in this !
 Movie arrived quickly and was in great condition . I was pleased that it was packed with another movie I ordered at the same time .
 This movie is so hilarious , I watched it on DVD when it first was released and randomly saw it on the shelf in a store recently so decided to grab it . it is as good or better than the first time I watched it .
 As most people say here , ROLE MODELS exceeds expectations . It 's also the most expletive laced film I 've seen featuring a 12 year old -LRB- Bobb ' e J Thompson -RRB- ... amazing . All I could think of was how was the boy 's mom -LRB- in the movie or real life -RRB- was able to put up with this ... I liked the film , but it 's not a PG affair , so do n't mistake it for a Disney telemovie.As a comedy , this was a lot better than Knocked Up ! , or Zack and Miri Make A Porno . But nowhere near American Pie , Superbad , Forgetting Sarah Marshall , or the 40 Year Old Virgin . That said , ROLE MODELS has few surprises . Its strength is in its execution.Paul Rudd is in his inscrutable form and Seann William Scott brings his American Pie pedigree with him -LRB- he will always be Stifler to me -RRB- . Jane Lynch is as brutal as it gets - was this before Glee ?? Worth a rental at least ... Three and a 1/2 stars
 Definately worth watching ! Some people do n't like it saying its to dumb ... KMA !! I love it , if you like Sean W. Scott then you know what your getting into with this movie . Do n't expect any less !! WATCH IT .
 I expected this to be `` sexual funny '' with Seann William Scott but Paul Rudd added something a little extra to the mix . Although he never had a bad role , Rudd shined in his first major leading role . All of the movie , start to finish , was non stop laughs . McLovin ' did a great job as a super geek taking part in LARP , or LAIRE in this movie . I have never heard of that before -LRB- i have a girlfriend -RRB- but it seems funny enough for a movie . The little black kid was my favorite in the movie . I can see my kid being like him . It 's hilarious . See this movie , buy it if you want . I 'd highly recommend it .
 Good product just like it was described and fast shipping . Would buy from this person again .
 This movie is hilarious . Got it for my sisters as a gift and they love it too . You can watch the movie multiple times and it is still funny .
 I am not kidding . I have seen it now about seventeen times and I love it more each time . Not a nice movie , certainly . Some of my very favorite actors are in it and they are very , very funny people . This , too , is a love story masquerading as juvenile humor . What more can I say ? Watch it and learn .
 Watched this a bunch of times in college and bought it on a whim . Hilarious movie , and nothing beats blu-ray quality .
 I 'm very picky with my comedy , and nowadays it seems harder to find a good one that genuinely makes me laugh . Role Models is one of the few that does just that . Not only does it make me laugh , but it 's a comedy with a purpose -LRB- i.e. - it actually has a story line and the characters learn a lesson in the end -RRB- . One of my favorite Jane Lynch roles .
 I love this movie - it was n't that big in theaters but everyone I know thinks it 's funny . Sort of dark humor but hilarious
 This one was good . Alot of the folks from The State are in it which I appreciate . Has a loosy-goosy improv feel to it as well . I like that .
 If you have n't seen this movie and you are a Paul Rudd or Ryan Reynolds fan it is a must ! This is laugh out loud fun !
 I love this movie . It arrived fast and was properly packaged so the dvd was intact upon receiving . Would buy again .
 This movie is just damn funny - thats it - simple . The price was very right and you should watch it . There . The end .
 I loved how fast I got this dvd it was a gift and they were very please it was funny
 I expected to like this movie because it looked like a fun comedy and I think Paul Rudd is a funny actor , but I did n't expect to laugh as hard as I did throughout viewing this . There is a great assortment of characters in this movie from the leads -LRB- Paul Rudd and Seann William Scott -RRB- to the kids they mentor to the hilarious characters that engage in fantasy role playing battles to my personal favorite - the woman who runs Sturdy Wings , the organization that Paul & Seann must volunteer at.Sometimes I watch a movie that is supposed to be a comedy and I feel like every 10 minutes there is a joke . This movie felt jam-packed with jokes and it even had a bit of a feel-good message at the end . My one disappointment is that I did n't think the character played by Elizabeth Banks -LRB- love her as an actress -RRB- was developed enough . Some of her best stuff ended up in the deleted scenes , and it would have been nice to see more of her comedic chops in the actual movie .
 Paul Rudd and Sean William Scott make a great team in this feel good comedy . Its a bit raunchy , but that does n't bother me . Its hysterical , especially the battle at the end and the new country . I think what makes it so funny is how ridiculous it is . Overall , my husband and I love this movie .
 I never know what to expect from Seann William Scott films . Recently he has had a few weaker roles . Not expecting much from this film , it turned out to be really funny and not as perverted as expected . It was n't just a sexually perverted movie , but a decent story about 2 guys that have a bad day that end up in the end becoming better people themselves as well as being an example for others . Funny , some good one liners , worth a chuckle on a weeknight . Check it out .
 Thought I was getting the usual , unreflective guy comedy . Instead , I got a surprisingly smart , sweet movie with a healthy sense of irony . Pleasant surprise.Paul Rudd has elevated snark -LRB- and snark-repentant -RRB- into an art form , and if you like that , this is a fun movie to watch . Plus , he ends up in KISS makeup and Ren-fair attire at the end -- so surreal , you 've just * got * to see it.Sure , there are moments of stupid guy comedy , but gals , Seann William Scott gets nekked and Paul Rudd is easy on the eyes . This almost makes up for the momentary but gratuitous silicone shots . Also , the ladies the hold their own . Elizabeth Banks gets in some good , funny lines in and Judy Lynch has a brilliant knack for playing off-kilter characters.And yeah , the kids do all right . Let 's put it this way
 I did n't really expect much out of Role Models , but surprisingly the film ended up turning out to be a pretty funny buddy comedy that earns its place alongside flicks like Pineapple Express , Superbad , and Step Brothers . Paul Rudd -LRB- who co-wrote the film -RRB- and Seann William Scott star as Danny and Wheeler respectively ; two energy drink reps that end up having to enroll in a Big Brother-type program after Danny 's life takes a downturn . Danny ends up having to mentor the nerdy Augie -LRB- Superbad 's Christopher Mintz-Plasse -RRB- who enjoys participating in a weekend role-playing extravaganza , while Wheeler gets stuck with the foul-mouthed Ronnie -LRB- Bobb ' e J. Thompson -RRB- . Role Models is predictable to a degree , but it is plenty enjoyable and delivers the laughs . Rudd and Scott make a good tandem , and there 's more funny bits to be had from Elizabeth Banks and Jane Lynch . All in all , Role Models is a surprisingly good and funny comedy that delivers the goods , and is definitely worth your time .
 I did n't really expect much out of Role Models , but surprisingly the film ended up turning out to be a pretty funny buddy comedy that earns its place alongside flicks like Pineapple Express , Superbad , and Step Brothers . Paul Rudd -LRB- who co-wrote the film -RRB- and Seann William Scott star as Danny and Wheeler respectively ; two energy drink reps that end up having to enroll in a Big Brother-type program after Danny 's life takes a downturn . Danny ends up having to mentor the nerdy Augie -LRB- Superbad 's Christopher Mintz-Plasse -RRB- who enjoys participating in a weekend role-playing extravaganza , while Wheeler gets stuck with the foul-mouthed Ronnie -LRB- Bobb ' e J. Thompson -RRB- . Role Models is predictable to a degree , but it is plenty enjoyable and delivers the laughs . Rudd and Scott make a good tandem , and there 's more funny bits to be had from Elizabeth Banks and Jane Lynch . All in all , Role Models is a surprisingly good and funny comedy that delivers the goods , and is definitely worth your time .
 Having worked with children as both an overnight camp counselor and a day care worker , I can identify easily with our `` Role Model '' heroes and the children in their care ! This magnificent film pushes all the right buttons.You start out with two very self-centered and immature men and you get to watch an amazing metamorphosis take place ! These two guys , who are as different from each other as the characters from `` The Odd Couple , '' learn to care about someone other than themselves!This story has so many layers ! It 's first , and foremost , very funny ! Being originally from the New York metropolitan area , I found the frank and very direct foul language to be quite refreshing!Since one of the story 's characters was involved with LARP -LRB- costumed , role-playing games held outdoors -RRB- , I actually got inspired ! When I got home I hopped on the Internet and found out that Maryland has America 's oldest LARP-type organization ! So this is NOT just make-believe from a Hollywood film , but a highly organized form of recreation for adults!By the time the final scene from Role Models crossed the big screen my eyes began to mist ! This outrageous comedy is actually quite moving and profound ! Was I pleasantly surprised!See : The Knights Next Door
 I 'm not a big fan of gross out comedy films . I 've never seen American Pie , I got up and walked out of the room 20 minuets into SuperBad , Zack and Miri make a Porno sounded like the epitome of a movie I did n't want to see ... but for some reason I ended up seeing Role Models in theaters . And I 'm very glad I did . This film is a gem even to those whom gross out comedys ... well , gross out.I ca n't speak for the quality of the Blu-Ray , the special features , or the extra unrated footage yet , but as long as this is still the same film I loved back in November on the big screen , the extras can only serve to try and somehow bump my 5/5 stars to 6/5 .
 This movie was one of the funniest movies in the last 10 years . Every actor nailed their role I could watch this movie time and time again and it does n't get old . Such an underrated movie !
 I love this movie ! It starts off slowly and begins to build momentum . The first time I watched it I laughed myself hoarse . Does it have some shocking language scenes with a 10-year-old ? Yup . Is it Shakespeare ? Nope . It does , however , manage to pull off a couple of intense scenes involving the `` role models '' and the parents - by the end of the film you really have to cheer for them all !
 First comedy that I bought on Blu-Ray without seeing it first . Great choice . I could n't stop laughing during the entire movie , and I really was glad that I got this on Blu-Ray instead of DVD . -LRB- My opinion prior to this movie purchase was that action movies were worth the cost of a Blu-Ray but that comedies were not ... -RRB- Buy it and enjoy !
 and now it 's one of my favorite movies . 5 stars . paul rudd is so great , this movie has a millions reasons to laugh .
 This movie made me laugh out loud . The first time I 've done so since The Wedding Crashers .
 `` Role Models '' is a movie for people with a taste for Wil Ferrell , Adam Sandler , etc. type of humor . The plot is of 2 coworkers , who sell a power drink to schools in an anti-drug program , who get into legal trouble and have to serve time in a volunteer youth program in lieu of going to jail . Paul Rudd plays the straight man to Seann William Scott 's goofy , bad boy and the two youth actors are perfect accompaniments to the adults . The story is silly but a lot of fun.Jane Lynch is particluarly hilarious in her role as the director of the youth program and Elizabeth Banks does well in her minimal role as the attorney \ ex-girlfriend of Paul Rudd . As a side note , if you are a KISS fan , you will enjoy many parts of this movie.This movie is not an Academy Award winner , but it is a fun film and the actors are all very good in their parts , creating believeable characters .
 This movie was pretty funny , but they all have better movies . Worth watching , possibly buying if you get it cheap .
 Stiffler -LRB- Sean William Scott -RRB- from American Pie and Paul Rudd were great stars to match up in this hilarious movie .
 This movie was so funny and the characters were awesome . This is a must see .
 I absolutely love this movie . It does have some stupid funny parts in it , but that 's what makes this movie so good .
 I thought this was a reall funny movie ! I liked all the hilarious situations and what Danny and Wheeler did to get out of them . When Danny is having the worst day of his life , he trashes a company truck . Him and Wheeler either go to jail or spend 150 hours doing community service and working with kids . Danny gets Augie Farks , a nerdy kid obsessed with 14th century stuff . Wheeler gets Ronnie , a bad-mouthed little black kid . When they really screw things up with the kids , they forget going to court , and help Augie in a fake 14th century battle . Paul Rudd , Seann William Scott , and sexy Elizabeth Banks all did an awesome job ! If you love comedy , you 'll love ROLE MODELS !!!
 I went to see this movie with my brother and our cousin as a time killer during thanksgiving vacation . What started as a time killer ended as a very good movie . All three of us enjoyed the movie very much and recommend it .
 This movie is up there with Old School , Wedding Crashers , Borat , Office Space , etc. . I never even heard of this movie until a buddy suggested it . Great flick !
 Good casting and story make this well worth at least a rent . When two energy drink sellsman run their company truck up on a statue they are charged with several infractions and must do community service or go to jail . They choose to do the service and are put to work as role models for a couple boys . They start out more concerned about how fast their service will go , but as they get to know the boys they find they are learning as much from them as they are trying to teach . Some good comedy and a good message . There is crude humor and nudity , so you may want to restrict it to the kids above 10 . Good quality DVD . If you enjoyed this catchSchool of Rock -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- . CA Luster
 This movie totally rocks , that 's why I had to own it . I would recommend this movie .
 Two friends become mentors for emotionally disturbed children . In the process they face hilarious trials and tribulations . The plot is rarely if ever weighed down with sappy emotionality . The movie stays silly from start to finish . They even dress up in KISS costumes and have a fantasy role-play battle at the end . This movie had many laugh out loud funny scenes and one-liners . Grade
 I thought this was a very funny movie . Seann William Scott and Paul Rudd play well off each other and are quite believable as the loveable losers that have to become `` Bigs '' in a Big-Brother type mentoring program due to court-ordered community service . I also liked Jane Lynch as the head of the program . Her over-the-top sarcasm and self-deprecation was hysterical . It 's definitely not a movie for kids because of the language and brief nudity , but it is well worth watching . I have seen it numerous times and will continue to watch it !!
 This movie came and went like a lot of others that look similar , but I think it was the best and funniest comedy all year , and I 've seen all of them .
 Im really close minded about new age movies now and days but I got to say this movie got my attention . The whole storyline about being a role model and the whole community service just made me laugh out loud . 2 role models for the youth have been convicted and sent to community service to help 2 other kids which 1 is nerdy mideaval game freak and the other who is such an insane out of control vulgar potty mouth that will have you and your friends laughing out loud.Love comedy with insane twisted plots then this is for you !
 FINALLY I get to watch Role Models ! I must have sat through the commercials advertising this film at least 100 times the last couple years.Surprisingly , the focus of the storyline is NOT on the `` What ? I do n't wan na take my pants off ! '' little boy.Instead the plot focuses on two guys who are forced into a program where they have to take care of two children - two children that have a hard time making friends and need someone to support them . If the two guys refuse to look after them , they go to prison for the crimes they committed.The two guys who look after the two kids are both goofy , stupid , vulgar , and just ... the wrong choice for `` role models '' , haha . But I guess that 's what makes the movie so darn good.By the way , the small running joke of whether that 's actually Paul McCartney who wrote a song with the Wings called `` Love Take Me Down to the Streets '' is in fact , NOT true . The guy singing the song is really a guy who imitates McCartney 's voice flawlessly , and I must say , he fooled me VERY easily , haha . I could have sworn this was in fact a lost Paul McCartney song from the 70 's . Must of the storyline focuses on the two kids -LRB- one of which has a VERY dirty mouth - so viewer discretion is advised for this movie -RRB- . The other kid has an obsession with the dragon warrior-type , sword-swinging land of fairy tales , which plays a crucial part in an otherwise really ridiculous , nonsense storyline . You 'll see what I mean when you watch the ending.Somehow though , I laughed several times despite the immature nature of the storyline , in addition to the immature characters portrayed by Seann William Scott and Paul Rudd . One scene that caught my interest was when the two of them broke out into a fight on an elevator with a mother and her child stuck inside the elevator with no choice but to deal with the two of them fighting , haha.Several jokes cracked me up . I 'm a little surprised the youngest boy with his bad boy attitude and the kid obsessed with swords did n't ever get involved in a fight . The two of them seemed to keep their distance from each other for the most part . They definitely could n't have become friends though - that was obvious.Yeah , Role Models definitely falls under the category of immature , but the humor and storyline work for the most part .
 Role Models -LRB- David Wain , 2008 -RRB- I originally had no interest in Role Models . The whole adult-comedy thing has taken a turn for the terminally stupid in the past few years , spearheaded by the braindead comedies of Judd Apatow , and I kind of turned away from the entire genre for a while . Then I saw The Hangover , and was blown away . Soon after , I remembered that some critics I respect had tabbed Role Models as one of 2008 's best movies , so I checked it out . I liked it a whole lot more than I expected to , though I think it may have resonated more with my inner D&D ; player than with the part of me that was so wowed by The Hangover.Plot
 Role Models is a hilarious dvd and I would recommend it to anyone over the age of maybe 14 . : -RRB-
 I love this movie . I saw it in theaters , rented when it came out on DVD , then bought it to add to my movie collection . I could watch it all the time and laugh every time !
 The trailers did n't do this movie any favors . Judging by those I never even thought about seeing Role Models in theaters , but when I saw all the positive reviews from critics I decided to give it a chance . I 'm really glad I did.The chemistry between the cast is very good , especially Seann William Scott and Paul Rudd . They easily carry the movie and provide loads of laughs , but lets not forget about all the wacky side characters . Christopher Mintz-Plasse plays a nerd like no one else , Bobb ' e J. Thompson spits out the worst language you will ever hear out of a young kid and Jane Lynch straddles that weird/crazy line yet again.I also ca n't fail to mention the great use of the band KISS . The songs `` Love Gun '' and `` Detroit Rock City '' get play in the flick . Just wait until you see the fantasy battle at the end with the four main characters dressed up as KISS . My theater erupted with laughter.It 's great to see a funny comedy that balances being crude and having some heart . Role Models has both and is also quite unique to boot .
 Danny and Wheeler , well into their 30s , lack something
 This is a movie by geeks for geeks . Silly , fun , and well , geeky . If you 've rolled a d20 you will enjoy this . Live-action role playing meets Big Brothers meets Kiss meets gratuitous boobies . Fun characters , silly plot , and a good number of laughs along the way . Non-geeks probably will not get this at all , but hey , I 'm a geek and I thoroughly enjoyed this . Not as outrageous as Grandma 's Boy , but solid nonetheless .
 After seeing ` I Love You , Man ' -LRB- I really need to review that -RRB- I came to realize that Paul Rudd is brilliant . He has this stellar way of making his humor so lovable and totally believable . You can see yourself in him and you want to be his friend . Even when he 's being a sarcastic , stuck-up , pompous moron you ca n't help but want to reach over and pinch his cheeks . He just wears ` everyman ' so well , and it bleeds effortlessly into his acting -LRB- I mean , seriously , I 'm thinking he needs an Oscar nomination for her performance in ` I Love You , Man ' -RRB- . So , with all of this in mind , I had to see ` Role Models ' , a film that I was marginally interested in before I saw ` I Love You , Man ' -LRB- it 's funny how a singular cinematic experience can change your views on a lot of things -RRB- . What I expected to find was your typical raunchy buddy comedy with the occasional clich&eacute;d moments of forced emotional warmth . What I got was a hilarious non-stop comedy with the right amounts heart and the right amounts offensive -LRB- yes , it is offensive -RRB- to make this a memorable and rewarding time at the movies . I laughed throughout its entirety and I actually felt the human connection as the film delved into the warmer aspects of the plot , as I knew it would . What makes this film so different from your typical comedy is that , while it has some of the same clich&eacute;d elements as every other comedy out there , it goes about them in a refreshing manner -LRB- much like ` I Love You , Man ' -RRB- ; so instead of a boy breaking up with a girl only to get back together -LRB- or in this case a ` big ' breaking up with his ` little ' -RRB- they have elements surrounding these ` break ups ' that make the whole premise feel somewhat new and exciting.The premise is that two men get in trouble for defacing public property and are sentenced to community service at a center for kids who need some adult guidance . Wheeler is the laid back party guy who would rather spend countless hours with obnoxious children then find himself prey to countless men in prison -LRB- he is a pretty boy -RRB- . Danny on the other hand hates his life and hates pretty much everyone around him and so he just wants to go to prison . Wheeler gets himself set up with Ronnie , the foul mouthed little boy living in a single parent family , while Danny gets set up with Augie , the strange kid living in a fantasy world alienated from his mother and step-father . The two men have a lot to learn about life , but surprisingly they actually teach these two young kids a thing or two as well -LRB- and not just how to check out a girls rack without getting caught -RRB- . I am not usually a fan of Seann William Scott -LRB- I find him a tad over the top for my taste -RRB- but here his wit is so sharp -LRB- and the pairing of him with Rudd was genius , since they play so well off one another -RRB- that I was instantly a fan . Rudd is by far the more controlled and more endearing of the two , especially since his character has the biggest arc . He actually transforms into a real man by the films end , which is wholly believable and actually quite charming in the end . Christopher Mintz-Plasse -LRB- McLovin ' -RRB- and Bobb ' e J. Thompson are both pitch perfect in their respective roles and the rest of the supporting cast -LRB- especially the hilarious Jane Lynch -RRB- are delightful and really help carry the film.Yes , ` Role Models ' is not -LRB- and I repeat , NOT -RRB- a film for children despite the fact that it stars two of them -LRB- how old is that Thompson kid anyways , I mean , he never seems to age -RRB- . It is littered with foul language and suggestive material and the characters have horrible attitudes for a good portion of the film and they even teach the kids some very questionable things , but the film has so much heart to go along with the offensive that it makes it a joy for any adult to watch and serves as some very , very funny adult entertainment .
 A friend of mine dragged me to the theater to see this one . I really expected it to be quite stupid but it turned out to be very funny . If you like the Seth Rogen crew and movies like 40 Year Old Virgin and Superbad this is a slightly more nerdy but funny one to add to the collection .
 Its about this guy who does this thing for over an hour . I laughed , I cried , I ate pop corn
 G ood c ondition no sc ratches wo rks like it s hould . S howed u p on t ime .
 Not the funniest movie I have seen , but quite humorous and entertaining . I would totally recommend to buy this . If you have seen the movie Super Bad and liked it you will love this movie just as much ! Cast is fantastic !
 Movie was funny , good actors and great story . Watched this with my girl to put us in a festive mood and this did the trick .
 This movie had me rolling at times as some of the funny moments are great but the plot seemed to be lacking at times . Overall I would recommend this movie but it is not a classic .
 The premise sounds like an After School Special , but do n't be fooled , this one 's not for the kiddies ! Rudd , Scott and company seem to be having a ball in this mildly raunchy and not too sweet comedy.Although predictable , the cast and funny dialogue keep this one from getting stale . The ending was a little corny for my taste , but it did n't spoil the over all experience . The DVD has a great transfer and some interesting extras including deleted scenes , blooper reel , making of etc. .
 I was n't expecting too much from this film . I was expecting just some crude humor , but it turned out to be a bit better than that with some real laughs .
 This is easily one of the funniest movies of the year . It 's about a guy , well-played by Paul Rudd , who takes care of some rude kids , which turns out to be a total riot . If you want to have a good time with lots of laughs then watch this movie .
 This is a great funny and uncomplicated movie ideal for a relaxing night on the couch . It was a lot better than I had expected .
 Role Models falls into the `` funny and raunchy but has a heart '' category of comedy . It is a pretty popular format these days but one I 've not tired of yet.There is something about the characters in these flicks - you want to live vicariously through them in some respects and get away with doing some of the things they do . Who would n't want to come back at some bratty insulting kid the way Wheeler -LRB- Sean William Scott -RRB- and Danny -LRB- Paul Rudd - who plays some of the best socially awkward characters ever -RRB- did at the beginning of the movie . I was sold at that point . Or just go nuts on the officer and tow truck driver as they try to take your vehicle - which action , spurred on by some relationship issues , does admittedly land our characters in a spot of trouble.Our energy drink selling duo end up doing community service as `` bigs '' to a couple of kids . Ronnie , a foul mouthed and violent -LRB- and boob loving -RRB- little guy and Augie a live action role playing -LRB- LARP ` ing -RRB- , cape wearing misfit . The formula will be familiar to you from the troubled beginning through to the eventual friendships at the end but it 's the journey that takes you there that is the fun part.Great bits of dialog and funny characters are peppered throughout the film . There 's the director of the Big Brothers type organization who really does n't like BS but does like hot dogs quite a bit , Ronnie 's mom who is very animalistic , Augie 's parents who are n't so great but do some growing of their own , the LARP ` ing king who loves the Burger Hole , the annoying guy who volunteers to work with the kids over and over again and of course Beth -LRB- Elizabeth Banks -RRB- as Danny 's romantic foil . There are plenty of little moments among these individuals so that you 'll be constantly entertained.The role playing actually plays a big part in the film and is critical to the climax as a matter of fact . Whether you are a LARPer or not you 'll probably find these scenes funny , albeit for differing reasons . The movie pokes fun at LARPing without putting it down or making fun of it for which I commend it . And if you 've ever wanted to see KISS LARPing ... well this is the place.In the end some lessons are learned , some friendships and relationships made and you 've had some laughs and may even end up with a warm and fuzzy feeling . I suppose you ca n't ask more than that from a light hearted and fun comedy .
 The DVD is great . The quality is awesome . The product shipped very fast . I am very satisfied with my purchase .
 I watch a lot of comedies . When I saw this in the theater it was by far the funniest flick I had seen in months .
 Paul Rudd can carry anything ; this is one of the Ten Commandments of contemporary comedy -LRB- I 'm not sure what the other nine are ; ask Rudd -RRB- . In any other hands , `` Role Models '' would fail -- it would be a raunch buddy-comedy with some kids thrown into the mix . As is , `` Role Models '' is the oddly touching tale of Wheeler and Danny , the former of whom is a party animal , the latter too cynical for his own good . One bad day , Danny proposes to his girlfriend -LRB- the ever-charming Elizabeth Banks -RRB- , and she turns him down . Danny gets drunk , and crashes a truck that looks like a minotaur into a statue of a horse . His punishment
 I was prepared not to like WILD THINGS 4
 Wild movie . Not the greatest acting or maybe its just their style for the Wild Things series . The girls are hot ofcourse , but we dont see much of the 3rd girl . ANyways in typical Wild Things fashion , we have twists and surprises which can keep you guessing . Not a classic film , but one worth watching . Its a keeper for me .
 Bought it to see David W. LeBlanc as a Cop towards the end in the crime scene along with John Schneider .
 I actually really loved this movie . obviously it 's not going to win any oscar nominations but if you enjoyed the other wild things movies you should enjoy this one too or why even watch this far into the series . i enjoyed the great looking babes and good looking guys trying to do each other in for the money . greed for money and hunger for sex seem to rule the day for these floridians . and it 's more so greed for money.even though theres plenty of sexy scenes in this movie . i enjoyed the whole wild thing series and hope they make another one but make it a full 2 hours instead of an hour and thirty two minutes . let 's see more please.great exotic locations , hot looking babes , fast sexy sport cars and cool speedboats ... . what more could a guy ask for . let 's see a wild things 5 please !! .
 I 've seen the first three Wild Things movie . Which I enjoyed . Each movie had some of the same scenes , but it had a different story . Before watching Wild Things Foursome I thought to my self , I wonder how this one is going to play out . Will it have to do with these rich kids getting married to get the money from their parents ? Well I was right.You might think I spoiled it for you , but you do n't know how it plays out . It is four kids this time . One boy and three girls . The movie was n't bad .
 i had posted a review because i was upset before and cant get my computer to delete but i am sorry for saying what i did . your email was very nice and i hope people use you in the future thank you
 Great products , however I wish they had been delivered via U.S. Postal service like they usually are instead of U.P.S. . It would have been much easier to recieve them that way . Other than that I am very satisfied . Thanks
 The Mr. Rogers episode with Dianne Dengal was wonderful . I used it as part of a camp this summer . The children were glued to the computer . Many of them had never watched Mr. Rogers . They were upset when I did n't let them see the whole show !
 We watched this documentary last night -LRB- 9/11/11 -RRB- . . it was an experience we will never forget . It is a must see for all and since it is just 1 hour in length it is perfect for a Sunday School , Bible Study , Christian meeting , etc. , etc. . It is a very thought provoking documentary and very well done !
 The stories of these pastors , who psychologically suffered as much as the first responders , is remarkable . The story explores the innermost heart of the tragedy . Just when you think it 's a hopeless darkness , the discovery of the cross at the latter part of the video puts SO much in perspective - it really answers the question `` Why did He ` let ' this happen ? '' It is a very uplifting and inspiring story and well worth watching more than once .
 This is a well done , heart wrenching documentary about one of the most traumatic days our country has ever experienced . It demonstrates the amazing strength and courage of the men & women who worked so hard to save lives and give hope to our country and all of the families who 've lost their loved ones . Through their relentless determination to recover people and clear this disastrous area , they discovered one piece of steel in the shape of a cross . Since it stood strong and alone amidst the debris , it seemed to have been symbolic of strength and hope to our working heroes and our country.It is definitely worth the purchase as a remembrance of the courage and strength of all the men & women who sacrificed their lives and the dedicated workers who gave their all to assist and give hope to the survivors and our entire nation . To me , it 's a reenforcement of what a wonderfully strong country we live in , and how thankful we should feel .
 This was a very interesting report of some of the events around 9/11/2001 . Someday , years from now , this story will serve as a vivid chronicle of the events and the emotions of that period of time .
 I loved this documentary . It told a story the news media would never want you to know about . Toward the end of the movie , while digging through all the wreckage , the police / firemen found three Steel Crosses still standing . The symbolism of the crosses , meant a lot to the rescuers . Because the crosses would have signifigance for believers in Jesus , it is not something the news media -LRB- in this country -RRB- , would ever likely share.If you are not offended by &#34; The Cross &#34; , you will really enjoy this video . I think it is a video everyone should see .
 Regardless what I have read from previous reviews , `` The Condor '' is a cool movie . Stan Lee is far from burnt out , and gives us a different spin on a comic book character . Normally , I would give you a synopsis of the movie but in this case it 's not necessary . Watch it and judge it for what it is people `` an animated movie '' . As a minority , I 'm happy to see some diversity in a superhero movie . Thanks Stan or should I say Excelcior !
 Hilarious movie , all my kids love it . That 70 's show guy is in it and it has a great story about courage . A must buy imho
 I 'm very happy with the purchase of the CONDOR brought to you by Stan Lee . Having a young latino hero is great idea . Espcially one who is so physical .
 Stan Lee has out did himself this movie is awesome and so is the character and story . i love this movie and i love stan lee one of the greatest comic book writer of our time
 I just wanted to balance the other person who rated this with one star when it has n't been released yet ! You should n't rate a film you have n't seen , and certainly not because you think someone like Stan Lee - one of the greatest minds behind comic book innovative plots and character development ever ! - is `` burnt out '' . Wait until a few people have seen the film and read their reviews !
 If you do n't know the hilarious and near brilliant work of underground filmmaker Andrew Shearer this is a great way to jump in head first . This is his only feature length film to date , but it brings all his obsessions together in one headlong dive into dementia . FAKE BLOOD is like SPINAL TAP for the gore and boobs set , telling the tale of a very frustrated no budget filmmaker trying to contend with crazy actors , bad special effects , insane schedules , and over all obtuse obstacles that make for REALLY funny movie watching , but not movie MAKING . If you love Christopher Guest movies or low budget exploitation films , this should be right at the top of your list of things to watch . Shearer is a rare talent among his peers because he has a real knack for knocking out intelligent scripts , witty dialogue and filling his films with real heart and soul . This one is no exception . So dig in and enjoy it !
 Synopis
 This is a sweet family film . We bought this the other day , and I sat down and watched it by myself before showing it to my children . Because it was a PG rating , I wanted to see if it was the family film it claimed to be . There were only two curse words that I could remember in it , and I let my children watch it that afternoon . It 's about a father struggling to survive in Australia with a wife and two children . They are in the lower poverty level of society , and the father owns a opal mine that 's gone dry . He ca n't find any opals , and between his hard work there , he comes home to his daughter Kellyanne , who has two imaginary friends she plays with constantly . If you look on the photo of the DVD you will see her holding their imaginary hands , but look in the dirt on the road , and you will see their shadows . Kellyanne loves these two friends of hers to the point where she takes them to school with her , goes to the market with them , and plays with them at home too . Her mother even sets plates out for them at their family meal time . Needless to say , with the frustration of the father 's opal mine , and Kellyanne 's imaginary friends , he decides to take them to work with him , in hopes that Kellyanne would forget about them and play like a normal kid when invited to a BBQ . As Kellyanne 's two friends are `` lost '' at the mines , the father helps look for them in the dark on the night that he lost them . He gets arrested , as other people running their own mines think he 's trying to trespass on their mines . This movie is sweet , but uses a lot of Australian slang words , that I did n't know what they meant . The word `` dag '' was used by Kellyanne 's brother , and I looked it up on a website , which said it meant `` Bits of manure that stick on a sheep 's bottom , also used when referring to one as a ` loser ' . '' They used also another word , `` ratter '' which was n't on the website of Australian slang words , so I believe it either means `` thief '' , or `` trespasser '' , as they called the father this when he entered an opal mine without permission of the owner . They called him a ratter throughout the whole movie . Anyway , I wo n't explain the ending so I wo n't spoil the outcome of the movie . My kids loved this movie and asked again to watch it last night . It 's a nice movie about a family sticking together no matter what other people think about them . Good entertainment for the whole family .
 This movie was not what I was expecting it to be . I was expecting a much lighter movie with a lot of sequences where you see the little girl 's make believe world . The closest you get to seeing her imaginary friends is a picture she draws of them.That being said , it was still a pretty good movie . I would say the movie focuses more on her older brother than anything else and the processes of him -LRB- and eventually , the town -RRB- to see this girl 's imaginary world . By the end I was wishing I had a brother like hers.This is a pretty safe movie for family viewing -LRB- although some spots I would consider too dark for small children to watch -RRB- .
 I loved this movie , the hardships of her family , the misunderstanding and judgement of others has such a negative impact . This little girl 's world was real to her and honoring that is so heart warming .
 The LA Times Reviews of this movie described it as `` an exceptional family film ! '' It 's more than that ... its an exceptional film , period.The authors of this movie took something from nothing , an idea about imaginary friends , and wove it into a rich tale that tugs on your emotions and evokes a parabole about coming of age and of moving on from mental illness .
 A hauntingly beautiful Australian film about the power of belief , and of the love between siblings . Rex Williamson -LRB- Vince Colosimo -RRB- is an opal miner prospecting in the outback town of Cooper Pedy . When his daughter Kellyanne 's -LRB- Sapphire Boyce -RRB- imaginary friends go missing after a visit to the family 's mine claim , he searches for them , and gets accused of attempted theft from a neighbouring claim in the process . Faced with his father being charged with attempting to steal from someone else 's claim , and the family being shunned by the community as a result , as well as his young sister becoming ill through grief for her imaginary friends , Rex 's son Ashmol -LRB- Christian Byers -RRB- sets out to put things right . This review really does n't do justice to this heart warming and unusual tale . This is an Australian co-production with the BBC , so watch out for some familiar faces in atypical roles .
 I rented this movie because my mom and I are going to Australia and I have looked for movies related to the trip . This was much more than an intro to a bit of Australian culture . The child actors are especially good . You do n't even think about them being actors because they just seem like kids being kids .
 Gunslinger 's Revenge is an Italian made Western featuring Harvey Keitel and David Bowie . Now , if that 's not enough to make you go , `` Hmmmmm ... now THAT sounds interesting , '' nothing will.While the idea of Keitel and Bowie in a modern day Spaghetti Western sounds like a real hoot of a movie - lots of action and great dialogue - what the filmmakers delivered was a charming , touching movie instead . Sure , there are bits here and there that are inappropriate for kids under 14 or 15 , but on the whole this really is a family movie at heart . And that 's unusual for a Spaghetti Western . But , then again , Spaghetti Westerns pretty much died out 30 years ago , so this is really a new generation 's take on the Spaghetti Western . -LRB- Clearly , this is n't a Leone Spaghetti Western . It is n't even a Corbucci Spaghetti Western in style , either . -RRB- Keitel plays a well known gunfighter named Johnny Lowen , who has returned to the town he grew up in , and reunites with his son -LRB- whom he had abandoned 20 years earlier -RRB- . His son is an avowed pacifict and the town doctor , which creates even more tension between them . To make matters infinitely worse , psychopathic gunslinger/killer Jack Sikora -LRB- Bowie -RRB- comes to town looking to put an end to the growing legend of Johnny Lowen and to build his own legend up in the process . This is where some of the more unpleasant and -LRB- mildly -RRB- graphic parts of the movie occur.Sikora is almost amoral in his willingness to kill , but he has a mean streak to go along with his inability to feel right or wrong.The conclusion seems to work for some , but not for others . For me it came across as an honest , realistic ending . All the loose ends are tied up , but not in a forced way.Gunslinger 's Revenge is not without flaws -LRB- some of the dialouge is poor - not a lot , but some - some of the events feel a bit rushed , and some of the plot is a bit predictable -RRB- , but on the whole it is a solid modern take on the Western , and fits in with some of the more recent Westerns that have been released -LRB- it 's not all that far removed from the tone of Open Range , but as a film it 's just not as good -RRB- . In the end , if your expectations are right -LRB- do n't expect a great movie -RRB- then you 'll likely find Gunslinger 's Revenge to be an entertaining and touching Western .
 It was awful , worthless , pathetic ; bad acting and horriffically implausable plot.Then the bad guy came in.Then it was great , fantastic , uber.great acting -LRB- from the bad guy -RRB- , and delightfully implausable plot.Then the bad guy was gone , and it was awful again.I watched the movie because of David Bowie , and he was the only good thing.If I ever watch it again I 'll be skipping past the parts without him.Does he only take these parts so he 'll look good ?
 I had expected this film to be ... well ... cheesy ... but I was surprised.it was actually a decent film . The story is universal , and the actors make you care about each individual . . David Bowie puts in a great performance as a psychopathic killer .
 great new story . good acting . if you like westerns , see this one .
 Shot in the Tuscan mountains of Spain , director Giovanni Veronesi has created a decidedly strange and rather quirky western which continually vacillates between wholesome family entertainment and dark , surreal Tarantinoesque depravity.Famous gunfighter Johnny Lowen -LRB- Harvey Keitel -RRB- decides to hang-up his sixshooter and return to the home and family he left some twenty years ago . In his absence his wife has died and his son -LRB- Leonardo Pieracconi -RRB- has grown-up and is now the town Doctor . Doc is married to a beautiful Indian maiden , Pearl -LRB- Sandrine Holt -RRB- and has a young half-breed son , Jeremiah -LRB- Yudii Mercredi -RRB- . Retirement does n't come easy for Johnny . Jack Sikora -LRB- David Bowie -RRB- , another notorious and reportedly psycho outlaw is on his trail . Jack is determined to kill Johnny , thereby securing for himself the reputation of `` fastest gun . '' Johnny 's refusal to strap on his sixshooter angers Jack and his gang . They try to change his mind by taking their hostilities out on the townspeople . As the violence escalates it becomes clear that someone will have to face Sikora sooner or later . Who will it be?A delightfully ecclectic and oddball supporting cast . There 's Joshua -LRB- Jim van der Woude -RRB- the town fool who lives on Doc 's roof , crowing like a rooster at sunrise and hooting like an owl through the night . Then there 's the very sexy Mary -LRB- Alessia Marcuzzi -RRB- , saloon owner and resident whore who delights the young Jeremiah with her outdoor showers.However it 's Jack Sikora and his seedy entourage that steal the show . There 's Rastafarian -LRB- Kwame Kwei-Armah -RRB- and Albino -LRB- Stephan Jenn -RRB- two of the most unsavory individuals you 'll ever lay your eyes on as Sikora 's bodyguards , while Leathergirl -LRB- Michelle Gomez -RRB- photographs the nefarious deeds of their leader for posterity . Then of course there 's David Bowie with his chronologically inappropriate sunglasses and peacock attire posing with delight after every killing.Definitely not your standard run-of-the-mill western . Worth seeing and should stand up very well with repeat viewings .
 A true Spaghetti Western replete with the usual cast of characters , poor acting , seemingly dubbed dialog , cliches galore etc. -LRB- Did they really have sunglasses in 1882 -RRB- ? The added bonus of course is Keitel and Bowie . You must have a sense of humor to appreciate this truely funny Italian view of the wild west . Many will think me crazy , and I hate to admit it , but I really enjoyed this film .
 I ordered this movie because I happened to see it on TV and knew that it was a movie that I 'd like to see again . I also ordered a second copy to send to my brother who loves westerns .
 I liked the storyline and plot , but one of the lead male character 's apparent ` voice over ' did n't work out too well and is very awkward . Other than this distracting detail , the movie is a decent western with an unexpected conclusion . I was also surprised at how good of a bad guy cowboy David Bowie turned out to be . Bowie is very believable as a gunslinger calling out a legend who is tired of shooting and trying to retire . Bowie gives his Desperado role a unique twist with his unusual style.Chrissy K. McVay - Author
 Mainly got this since it starred David Bowie and i have seen some of his other films like the man who fell to earth . He was a bombshell of course . quite the multi talent .
 According to Leonard Maltin , this is a 2 star movie . And I can agree with that on most counts . What makes this movie a 5 star film is the special magic it casts upon the viewer - I mean me.How can you put magic into words ? Impossible.I can only say this ... there is a special magic about Moore falling for McGovern . You can see it happening - hell , I could see it on their faces . It 's that knock-down-drag-me-out kind of love that defies emotional definition . It has happened to us all - at least I hope it has , for this kind of love is worth experiencing at least once.What makes this film magical is the fact that it all works out . In real life there are too many variables that inevitably screw everything up . But in this movie , everything worked out perfectly . Only in Hollywood.I would be greatly remiss if I did n't give special kudos to Peter Gabriel , whose beautiful music perfectly captured the beauty of the scenes . This music worked to enhance the magic still further . I only wish it were on CD ! I 'm a 56 year old male who still feels a tear when the last scene lifts to a panoramic view of Central Park and the music takes you away.Last and not least , the actors collected for this enterprise are of noteworthy status ... Moore , McGovern , Ron Silver , John Huston , David Strathairn , Alec Guinness , Alan King , Selma Diamond , and my favorite , Wallace Shawn . Quite a cast for a 2 star movie.If you 're not a romantic , you wo n't have the foggiest notion of what I 'm talking about . But then , this movie is not for non-romantic people.Forget `` reality '' . Just watch this movie and let it take you away !!!!
 There is n't really anything to say about LOVESICK that has n't been said by the other Amazon.com reviewers already . But my gosh , I just have to express my love for this movie ! , I consider myself madly in love with a girl . LOVESICK is the very first film I have ever seen to accurately express this dazzling , baffling , and just plain ridiculous feeling we call love . Dudley Moore gives a quiet , toned-down performance -LRB- at least when compared to ARTHUR -RRB- , which gives him a realism like nothing I have ever seen on film . Same goes for Elizabeth McGovern , who with her exceptional beauty and controlled delivery makes her all the more believable . You really do feel that these two people are madly in love ! Dudley Moore 's slowly escalating obsession with this woman is a marvel to behold , with frequent visits from Ales Guiness in a terrific supporting role . Another key aspect of the film is the music by Peter Knight ; magical , enchanting , and every other similar word fails to describe it . Words can not begin to describe LOVESICK , an everlasting homage to love , through good times and bad times , to ultimately realizing that everything else is rubbish without it.Or , if you wanted to skip all that other stuff above , do yourself a favor
 This is a subtle , low key but very funny and wise film . Great showcase for Dudley Moore . Beautiful , sophisticated music score as well !
 Not Dudley Moores greatest but for the money worth watching . We enjoyed it but probably will not need to see it again .
 Dudley Moore at his best , and Elizabeth McGovern is lovely . A great story , reminds me moments of my life , great moments . Thank you .
 Especially for Psych buffs or just watching people tofind out how they tick . Dated a bit -LRB- 1983 -RRB- .
 This movie was fantastic . It was made in a more innocent time before AIDS , stalking laws and all of the scandelous relationships between patients and doctors were plastered all over the media . Hell , there was ` nt even such a thing as sexual harrassment back then . I look at the film now and somehow feel sentimental for a period when we did ` nt know how dangerous a place the world could be . Blissful ignorence.Dudley Moore was just one of the all time comedic genius 's that will never be duplicated . Practically anything starring him was sure to be a hit , even though overshadowed by Tom Hanks in the end . I especially liked the narritive by the Freud character , it makes the film unique and catches you off guard while being so appropriate and funny . Charming , whistful , clever and enduring , what more is to be said . If you can get past the funny 80 's clothes and old cars of the day the film is a real treat , if you are older then it will take you back to a time when life was sweeter and fun was a priority .
 This romantic/comedy is one of my all-time favorites ! Dudley Moore plays a charming , married psychiatrist who falls in love with a young , vulnerable female patient -LRB- Elizabeth McGovern -RRB- . Even though Moore 's antics are exaggerated to amuse the viewer , the message has passed the test of time
 I 've only watched three episodes so far , but I really enjoy it . Even though it is Japanese with English subs , I still enjoy it thoroughly . But then again , I do watch a lot of subbed anime so I may be biased on that end . Either way , if you do n't mind subs , definitely give it a try .
 This was my first Amazon Prime anime and I was n't sure what to expect . I immediately noticed that the show was in Japanese with English subtitles . Normally this is the first indicator that I would n't finish the season but I watched the first two shows . Once I had finished them I turned it off and decided that it was super stupid and not really funny so I stopped watching for a few weeks . A few weeks later I got bored and was waiting for another anime to be delivered by Amazon so I turned it on again and watched a couple more episodes . This time it seemed to be getting more interesting so over the next few weeks I watched a couple here and there . I found myself laughing at the crazy humor and getting to know the characters better . I was hooked . I finished the last episode today and found myself wanting more . To me this is the highest sign of a good anime.Likes : The characters are likeable once you get to know them better.The anime was well drawn and the colors were great.The fan service was there at every turn but after a while I began enjoying the reason it was there.The show was funny and the more episodes I watched the funnier it was.The theme song is really catchy and for a change I did n't fast forward through it just to start the show.Dislikes : It a really bad digital copy . At some points it was a little fuzzy and then would clear up.The show is a harem but starts off really slow and clumsy at first . The first three or four episodes do n't really hook you.The subtitles sometime go by a little too fast to read and I found myself rewinding when I missed something.Final opinion of the show . I would watch it again and it would be worth adding a copy to my collection . I will also most likely get the second season when it comes back in stock at Amazon . This is not for the Kids it has Nudity and Some sexual situations . *************** Great Information to Know ****************** Here is how the series plays out in order so you do n't get lost . I previewed Motto To Love ru and there were a lot of characters that were n't introduced in To Love ru showing up in the first episode so I did some research and found that there was another version in between called To Love ru OVA . So if your looking for a series this one may be difficult or confusing.To Love ru -- 26 episodes Found on Amazon aired 2008 . To Love ru OVA ----- 6 episodes only 3 of 6 found on Amazon aired 2009 - 2010 . Motto To Lover ru -------- 12 episodes Found on Amazon aired 2010 . To Love ru Darkness OVA -------- 6 Episodes Not Found -- Heard it was coming soon aired 08/12 . To Lover ru Darkness ------ 12 Episodes Not Found Anywhere -- Heard it was coming soon aired 10/12 .
 What can I say ? The theme song got stuck in my head for weeks after I watched the show ! It was very sweet , dealing with a love triangle .
 Simply love it . I own both seasons To love ru and motto To love ru ca n't wait for the third one to come out . Way to go Rito build that harem you deserve it . Its a spicy high school comedy with some romance in it . Hope you guys enjoy it as much as I did . Enjoy this anime !
 I really enjoy the `` toLove Ru '' series . I saw the characters floating around on the internet in various media types , then I finally discovered the show and manga . From the start it has an entertaining story and just keeps building onto that . I 'm still following the new releases of season 3/3rd series , and have seen all of the episodes from beginning to end . It 's definitely not a show for easily offended and/or children , but if you like this series I would also suggest `` motto toLove Ru '' and `` toLove Ru Darkness '' plus the original video animations -LRB- OVA -RRB- .
 If you have seen any number of harem anime series , To-Love-ru -LRB- said like the Japanese pronunciation of the English word ` trouble ' -RRB- is a typical setup . One guy , multiple girls , some of which live with him , and the pervy male friend . What changes in this series is that the boy is n't interested in the ` main ' female character . This adds more of an emotional appeal and less of a `` oh he obviously ends up with the main girl '' type feel . The series has room to grow -LRB- and has had two seasons and one OVA -RRB- so I look forward to seeing where they can take it .
 I Am is God 's name for Himself to Moses from the burning bush and Jesus ' name for Himself as God . This exciting , contemporary movie shows people mostly breaking , and occasionally living , the Ten Commandments . Characters make their decisions and affect unknown others . As individuals either struggle with their moral choices , or smugly choose what is best for themselves , they are challenged to look at the truth , and to see how their choices will affect others and themselves . Even when characters choose selfishly , they are reminded that they have second chances to do the right thing.I admire the complex , intertwined story line , the videography and editing -LRB- especially helicopter shots of LA , speeded up special effects , and underwater viewpoints -RRB- , and some of the musical score . Director John Ward plays an ambitious yet endearing prosecuting attorney in Los Angeles well . Tomas Boykin richly peforms as X with a strong , peaceful voice of truth and dignity . Jay Hindle convincingly plays a billionaire with a superior sense of entitlement.I recommend this movie .
 I AM is not a bad movie per sey . I 've seen several so called Christian movies such as those hideous Pastor Jones movies that are risque to say the least and other `` B '' type black Christian films . The other such as Faith Like Potaoes , FAcing the Giants , Fire Proof and those calibar movies are bmore up scale with good actors . I said all that to say that I AM fall in between . If you do n't pay attention to the story , you 'll miss it because there is a lot of retrospection & soul searching . At the end of the day , I thought of it as a pretty good movie and not so churchy that non christians can enjoy it and not feel condemned . Great for movie night with fam , friends , or church fam ...
 I have seen many `` Christian '' films and usually I am very disappointed . I Am is not a typical Christian film . It 's a film I could and will show my friends who are not Christian . Engaging and entertaining , with many great insights into God and his people .
 This film is a must see for anyone struggling with the Ten Commandments in today 's society . Even though I found it hard to follow in some places as the scenes switched between characters , the message came through loud and clear . Maybe it was because I felt convicted , but I do n't believe that is the reason it hit home . I recommend that this film be shared with friends who are not believers , but feel that all they have to do to be saved is be a `` good '' person . John Ward and Todd Zeile have found new careers .
 We recently previewed this movie at our church ... one of 2500 churches that were able to do this . The movie is thought-provoking and engaging . It is a Hollywood production -LRB- no cheese , no low budget look -RRB- with an overt Christian message but at the same time it is not preachy.Exploring modern morality in the context of ancient biblical mores , we find that we still very much need the grounding and protection of the 10 commandments . An interesting introduction was played for us before the movie about having total freedom and what chaos that would be . The movie really explores the web we weave when we stray from the basic wisdom of the 10 commandments.A great movie for teens and young adults heading into a world of distrations and temptations ; equally valuable for those of us with a few more years under the belt .
 Tom Shadyac 's documentary `` I AM '' is the best film I 've seen in years . The film is based on two questions
 This is one of the most inspiring movies that I have seen in years.This movie starts out with two questions that depict a very broken world : What is wrong with the world ? What can be done to fix it ? The movie builds a beautiful mosaic on the fabric of our connected existence.In the end , finds hope in the natural order of life , that we instinctly care and cooperate to make our world better.Bishop Desmond Tutu 's comments in the film leaves a person with much to think about.The movie ends up with answer to the question of what is right about the world . . `` I am '' :
 AWESOME movie ! I did n't know if I 'd enjoy this movie or not , but it looked interesting enough to check it out . I have to say , I was VERY pleasantly surprised ! Great movie - Great message ! It speaks to the very heart of every day life and decisions that we all make on a daily basis . It then deals with the ultimate TRUTH of the choices and consequences of each decision we make in life in the most positive way I 've had the pleasure of seeing in any movie ! I wish people would make MORE movies like this one ! Very life affirming ! : -RRB-
 I ca n't say enough about the movie `` I AM . '' It is a movie that you REALLY need to pay CLOSE attention to , because if you do n't , you will miss so much . I especially love how this movie shows that in EVERY aspect of your life , God is there through His Holy Spirit , leading you , guiding you , directing you ; but NEVER forcing Himself on you . Ultimately giving us a chance to make our own choices . I highly recommend this movie !!!!
 Loved this movie and will buy a copy for all friends and family for Christmas . Maybe the the cinematography is not stellar for some , but for my husband and me the beauty was in the substance of the movie .
 This was a very good movie , that truly shows how we as mankind are connected to each other . Good quality film for everyone .
 Barney is a classic and what is not to love about him ! He is friendly , polite , and always happy ! This video is no different and of course my boys love to watch Barney and his other friendly dinosaurs dance and sing around . This episodes are simple yet they are full of positive messages including being active outside , wearing sunscreen , and finding shapes in the clouds . I love this video pushes spending time outside safely but in a fun manner , as I know how tempting it is to sit inside and let the kids watch TV in the air conditioning ! Barney teaches his viewers to use their imagination and most importantly have fun !
 My son really loves Barney and this video was no exception . Barney and his friends teach lessons and keep my son engaged during the show .
 I was all Barneyed out by my own children growing up . I was elated when they out grew him . I was dreading it when my granddaughter wanted to watch Barney . But to watch her while she watched Barney made my day . Welcome back Barney .
 Love Barney , and the kids Loves him more . You know he its Barney time cause it gets quiet around the house .
 My great nephew is two and loves Barney . He enjoys all of them , and just picks one show after another to watch .
 Amazing images in 2d and 3d and very good sound -LRB- Few minutes of documentary -RRB- . Egypt is a great place to go !
 This 3D Blu-ray DVD is a documentary , as you can probably tell by the title , and it is quite interesting to watch particularly in 3D . I know 3D TV is not for everyone ; however , I personally happen to enjoy watching 3D TV very much and own over 24 3D Blu-ray DVDs . 3D adds a special quality to the subject at hand by presenting the topic almost as if you were there . This particular DVD I found to be very informative and educational . It 's great for children and adults of all ages . I recommend you buy this DVD if you have n't yet .
 I recently picked up a couple of the newer IMAX 3D releases , and also had a chance to get an advanced copy of `` Mummies
 Mummies have long been the subject of eerie fascination . These leathery , preserved bodies have fueled the imagination of novelists , filmmakers , and research scientists alike . Originally filmed in large format for IMAX theaters , Mummies
 When I got all my new 3D stuff I saw this film and I knew I had to have it.I 'm glad I bought it.I just love anything that has to do with ancient Egypt or mummies.The 3D is for the most part done extremely well without being overpowering.The story is interesting and held my attention.Direction , cinematography , music are all top notch.And Christoper Lee as the narrator is just icing in the cake.Does anyone have a more perfect voice?All in all a fun , educational romp though ancient Egypt.Not too deep or overwhelming a perfect introduction to the kids and adults alike who are interested in the subject.Beautiful and done well enough for those of us who are already familiar with Egypt to warrant a purchase.Highly recommended .
 Originally produced for showing in IMAX theaters , Mummies
 Being a big 3D fan and having a fasination with the Egyptian culture I picked this up hoping for the best and was not disappointed . It has good 3D with nice depth and at least a couple of pop-out scenes . It is also very historically interesting and looks good in 3D HD . The lossless sound is also a plus -LRB- check out the grave robber scene when it 's raining -RRB- . I have other IMAX 3D films also and this is at the top of my list . There are a handful of 3D Blu Ray disc on sea creatures but so far nothing on the land land animals in Africa or the Amazon rain forest ? The 3D in these are better than in the recently released Hollywood movies by far .
 From the title I was expecting another `` Indiana Jones '' type movie . I was pleasantly surprised to find that it was more of a documentary and very informative and educational as well as entertaining . The DVD would be very complimentary to the educational DVD 's on Ancient Egypt put out by `` The Great Courses '' company . Both DVD 's include some of the same people -LRB- professors -RRB- .
 This is a great Blu-ray 3D . The 3D shows good depth and color . It is interesting and educational.I would recommend it to anyone that has an interested in ancient Egypt and the mummies .
 Great Stuff !!!!! I learned a lot of history watching this movie !!!! I would recomend this to all ! A must movie to have .
 The 3D effects on this movie are really good and they put you right inside of the story . You will feel yourself in Egypt and inside of the piramids . About the documentary , the way the story and facts are told makes you realize that there are still some things we have to find out about our ancestors . I recommend this movie . It is a shame the duration of the film is too short .
 I 've been to egypt once is why I purchase this mainly for that & coz it 's 3D but not seeing enough 3D effects , too short of a movie , not much eye popping but overall good movie .
 I 'm a fan of Egyptian history and when I saw that there was a documentary in 3D I had to give it a try . I 'm glad I did , the 3D is pretty good , there were times where the hieroglyphics looked like they were floating off the walls of the tombs . Most of the movie was like that but there were some areas where it looked a bit odd with perspective . Over all there was a good amount of things I learned from this movie and having it in 3D made it more interesting . My only complaint is that it was a bit short , should have been another15-20 minutes more.If you like Egyptian history and want to see some good 3D you should like this disc .
 This is a fabulous quality DVD , I love the fact that it plays on Australian Region B 3d DVD player . The picture quality & 3D effects on this 3d blu ray disc are amazing . I love it I could watch it over and over again well done IMAX . Amazon 's service and packaging was amazing , safe & reliable , shipped to OZ . Great work and service Amazon . I would however recommend for Amazon to please specify which region all their listed blu ray DVDs will play on for example Mummies
 The product was delivered on time as promised . It was very educational and the 3d effects are outstanding , however , it could have been longer , as it is , it lasts just over 35 minutes . I think it is overpriced as we paid 3d Blue Ray price for a 35 minute episode .
 I 've always been fascinated by Ancient Egypt as long as I can remember ; and though I never studied it , it still remains an interesting topic . While it goes in other directions as well , this story mainly focuses on the finding of a large cache of royal mummies . At 39 minutes , I would have preferred it to be longer , but for what it is this story is a great introduction to the world of Ancient Egypt and of course , mummies .
 I have alway been interested in Mummies . Since I can not travel seeing the movie was the next best thing . I did n't give it 5 stars because the 3D was n't that great .
 EL PRODUCTO LLEGO OK , TAL Y COMO LO OFRECIERON ESTOY TOTALMENTE SATISFECHO CON EL MISMO.RECOMIENDO AL VENDEDOR ES BASTANTE RESPONSABLE
 I do n't have 3-D yet so I had to settle for Blu-ray . As I have implied this is a quickie overview of Egypt . It 's claimed the same as the eye-popping graphics . And they do a good job of showing Egypt from different views at different times of day under different lighting . While you 're enjoying the way that it looks this condensed version of history actually borrows from much longer programs and introduces us to major people that are still involved in Egyptology in the history of people that were involved in Egyptology . The only thing that it lacks is a reading reference.The disc does have however the standard DVD extras such as `` Meet the Mummies '' and a 22 minute `` making of '' Featurette . There was a quiz but I did not take it.Even if you already know the contents of the disk and even if you seem the longer programs this disc is still worth having for quick synopsis is worth re-watching periodically . I kept trying to figure out where the music came from it sounded like things from 10 Commandments Lawrence of Arabia and other various pictures . It turns out that it was originally written for this presentation .
 First and foremost , I love documentaries on anciet Egypt , especially mummies . So this review may come off as a tad bit biased to some , however , I will try to keep this review as unbiased as possible.As far as content , this documentary has a few different story lines . The first being somewhat of an ancient Egypt history lesson , focusing on Ramses the Great , his father , and his son . The next focuses on how the mummies were actually made , and how to extract DNA from ancient mummies and comparing them to the DNA of modern mummies . The last story line talks about the ` code breakers ' and how they were able to bring ancient Egypt back to life and discover the final resting places of mummies like Ramses.Personally , I thought the 3D features were fine . There are n't too many pop out images , I think there are maybe seven total , and all of them were pretty cool . The majority of the film is shown with depth , which is really quite brilliant , sharp , and beautiful.Overall , if you enjoy mummies and ancient Egypt you will enjoy this film . For the price , its a steal .
 I did n't expect anything but a film about mummies and that 's is what I got . This is n't a action movie and the 3d is just around for depth mainly . Too many people watch these for things to pop out at them . That 's not reality with most of these imax shows . They are simply shows about a topic shot in 3d . Christopher Lee sounds very impressive as the narrator too . THe 3d effects are mainly in tombs so it 's not going to be that spectacular.However the shots are lovely and you do learn alot in this documentary . The outside shots are incredible though . Recent events have made traveling to egypt more dangerous and now mobs are raping young english women in the street there for not wearing burkas . So at least you are safe watching this one on tv .
 I was pleasantly surprised by this double feature DVD . Particularly with the Glove which is a solid entry in the Private Eye genre . I liked its realism and unromantic presentation of the everyday life of a bounty hunter . John Saxon fits the part perfectly and delivers a solid performance . Joanna Cassidy -LRB- who laughs less than usual -RRB- is also very good as the bounty hunter 's fleeting love interest . I also thought that the avenger with the inhuman riot glove , played by Roosevelt Grier , was an interesting and memorable character as he has a friendly and maybe even chivalrous side . He reminded me a little of Forrest Whitaker in Ghost Dog
 What a treat to have both of these films released by Dark Sky , one of the best companies in recent years to deliver rare films that are also remastered to perfection as well as in wide screen where possible.I 've always enjoyed The Glove -LRB- 1978 -RRB- it has a memorable opening number and John Saxon is as always excellent in the role of a world weary bounty hunter . Rooevelt Grier also excels and the supporting cast enhances the film.Search And Destroy likewise makes for an entertaining action feature with good roles for Don Stroud and Perry King ably supported by the ever reliable George Kennedy.Add these films to your collection and take a trip back in time ...
 Although corny and dated , Search and Destroy is one of my all time favorite class B movies . Perry King and Don Stroud had a stellar performance.Give it a shot !
 Nice to see S&D finally givn the dvd release . I guess my review would be a bit biased as the part of the Stranded POW helt bent on revenge was played by my childhood Tae Kwon Do instructor Park Jong Soo . I remember a big poster for this movie hanging at the Dojo . Anyhow , worth the price for that movie itself . cheers
 Reminded me of `` The Room '' . Not particularly funny when it tries to be , but unintentionally hilarious in a way I doubt its filmmakers intended . The subtitles , in particular , are fantastic . No need to be a Star Trek fan -LRB- or really , have more than passing knowledge of what Star Trek is -RRB- to enjoy this film .
 What an interesting movie . I swear it 's exactly like Star Trek , weird , sci-fi and a lot of dialogue . But still enjoyable and helps kills time if you 're bored . It 's not in English but if you pay attention to the movie and subtitles , it 's actually a pretty funny film . It mocks Star Trek in a comedic way which to me is entertaining since I always found Star Trek to be boring .
 I purchased this as it was cheap , I love Star Trek , and really love satirical pokes at the aforementioned . But I was surprised by the production ! I expected a half hearted hack job , but was rewarded with a well made production . Someone took some time and effort to produce outstanding visual effects . Now do n't expect ILM stuff here , but it is way beyond most spoofs . The acting is n't too bad , and the blending of a couple sci-fi series ' is actually written pretty good . you do have to watch the screen constantly because of the foreign language , but it beats dubbing , which can loose the actor 's tone and inflection.If you want top of the line sci-fi , buy -LRB- and pay more -RRB- for some big name studio stuff . If you want some cheap entertainment , with surprisingly good visuals , give this a try.Rev . Dr. Dean T. Carter
 WARNING
 First , I did n't read every single review and should have , I may not have bought this had I known it was n't in English . With movies like this you do n't really want to have to focus on every single line like you do if you 're tied to reading everything instead of hearing it.I bought Iron Sky before , and my son and I enjoyed it as a `` bad movie that was n't pretending to be a good one '' . These guys know they 're making terrible jokes and do n't have the greatest sets . Most of their work is done in front of a blue screen ... but whoever is doing their CGI knows a bit about what they 're doing . Overall production is not far out of the basement , but again it 's not billed as some blockbuster $ 10,000,000 movie.As a movie , though , it was funny enough and we laughed many times -LRB- mostly at how bad it was , but how stupid the main character was -LRB- stupid as in he 's written to be a dumb guy -RRB- . If you want to watch a bad movie , and do n't mind subtitles this would be good for you.-D
 Like my review title says , this is a surprisingly well made , good parody movie ! This movie is actually the latest in a series of Star Wreck internet movies . This was produced by the folks who would later on produce `` Iron Sky '' . This movie makes fun of a couple of well known Science Fiction TV shows . One is quite obvious , the other , I wo n't mention.The story-line is actually quite well done and the special effects were just about as realistic as the rest of typical Sci-Fi shows . If you love space battles , this is the movie to see ! Which is quite suprising since this is created by fans on a shoe-string budget . There were a few places where the frame-rate stuttered . But for the most part , you do n't notice the glitches . It is in the Finnish Language and is Subtitled in English , but you 'd reconize a fair amount of the words that they use .
 If you like Star Trek , or have watched it at any point in time , this movie is a real treat . The CGI is great as well as the acting . The story line is a great spoof of Star Trek and Babylon 5 . I highly recommend it to those who enjoy spoofs and satire . This is also a great film for the whole family as it is clean . All in all , I thought it a great movie . I would give the movie an 8 out of 10 with 10 being the best movie .
 This film is a great vehicle for the producer toward Iron Sky which is a fantastic independent film released 2012 . Enjoyed the movie and saw the premier of Iron Sky which I have on pre-order .
 `` The Arrangement '' is the campiest show on TV . It 's outdoingIman 's Career in Fashionwith the wife of Ziggy Stardust/Aladdin Sane , The Big Show -LSB- HD -RSB- `` Work of Art '' with its competing artists , andMelting Pot `` Top Chef '' with the glamorous Padma Lakshmi . Really . It makes the competing chefs on `` Just Desserts '' look staid , and the cussing chefs onHell 's Kitchen
 `` The Arrangement '' is over-the-top campy fun . In this episode , the competitors design flowers -LRB- a bouquet and a mask -RRB- for a superhero , then a bouquet for the Jigsaw Killer ofThe Saw Complete Collection I-Vseries . The man who `` inspires '' them is a theremin-playing , leather-clad , gender-bending performance artist named Armin Raw . The competitors get to go to a Halloween/horror supply store . The manly Russ uses real goat eyes , and the others use fake limbs . The bouquets are appropriately disgusting . It 's all coming up in bloody roses ...
 `` The Arrangement '' is HGTV Design Star on camped-out steroids . The competitors are ... floral arrangers . Nancy O'Dell is a guest judge , and the hostess is Gigi Grazer , whose face moves strangely because she 's had another kind of arrangement . Since this show is high camp , the first competition is putting sushi and flowers on nude models . Of course , the girly guy is kinda freaked out when he sees another kind of shrubbery . There 's the manly Russ , who wants to show that macho men can work with flowers , and there 's the equally butch Henley , a woman who 'd be at home in a punk band . Guillermo brings European sophistication , and Jen whose youthful energy wins the elimination challenge of making floral models for a Los Angeles mall . `` The Arrangement '' is cheesy fun . It 's on the same level as `` Fantasy Hair Battle Spectacular '' when it comes to reaching the dizzying heights of campiness . Imagine Lady GaGa as your FTD florist . It 's that kind of show , and everything is coming up roses .
 This wonderful film is yet another tour de force of Gatai 's epics regarding Israel wars . In Kippur he showed us the sting of battle on the Golan . In Kedma we are shown the all to real story of Jewish Holocaust survivors arriving in 1948 and being instantly thrown into battle for the new state.The beginnings are on the Kedma , a leaking old ship transporting hundreds of survivors . They are met at the shore by Jewish Palmach Guerillas , and are immediately fired upon by English soldiers . This begins one of may scenes that seems more fit for the stage then film , and perhaps is indicative of the writer being more familiar with theatre production . While shots are heard of camera the English soldiers are seen on Camera trying to hold the Kedma survivors . Why are n't the Palmach firing on the English soldiers ? Why are n't the English shooting the Pamachniks ? Who is shooting ? Its not entirely clear why the Palmach did n't lay down covering fire and get the survivors away from the beach , and the ` battle ' does n't seem realistic . Nevertheless it paints the symbolic picture of the English , who are leaving Palestine in three days , still trying to interdict refugees who have no where to go.Throughout the rest of the film we follow the new arrivals as they go from survivors to soldiers . Several scenes tell the symbolic tale of the founding of Israel . Many of the longer speeches seem fit more for the stage then screen . For instance one Haganah Jewish resistance leader proclaims `` Thank God we got rid of Religion ' . IS the statement an irony , or is it simply translated wrong into the subtitles ? Several other ` scenes ' that appear on the back of the film do n't even seem to be included . For instance the cover shows a woman helping ` Manachem ' load his rifle . While we see plenty of this main character we do n't seem to ever see his fried help him load his rifle.The Battle scenes are perfectly fine and show the large numbers of holocaust survivors who sacrificed so much so that their children would have a chance to live free . Also several scenes show the fleeing Arabs and their interaction with the new arrivals , presaging the current peace problems . Two long monologues symbolize both peoples feelings . One loan Arab claims that his people will become a ` wall ' while a Jewish school teacher proclaims that Jewish history should never again be taught the way it had been in Europe.In the end this seminal work is a wonderful story of the founding of the state , on the personal level , in the same style as Kippur.Seth J. Frantzman
 For those of you from Europe you will enjoy the movie , as for the rest of us we will have the joy of making some one happy .
 I admit , when I first saw the image of the movie , I thought that it would be a horrible movie about some scary girl seeking out revenge , BUT completely not what I thought . A low budget thriller/horror film that 's great for a night at home with friends . Some of the acting may be cheesy , but gave me an adrenaline rush during the scary moments . If you have friends that love a laugh from a scary movie , must definitely show them this movie . They 'll be laughing the whole time .
 Max Burdett -LRB- Pierce Brosnan -RRB- is a retried jewel thief . Stan Lloyd -LRB- Woody Harrelson -RRB- is the FBI agent who failed to catch him . Max has settled down with his girlfiend -LRB- Salma Hayek -RRB- when Stan goes to see him , tempting him into one last heist but Max 's girlfriend tries to talk it out of it . `` After the Sunset '' mixes action , drama and comedy and actually pulls it off , with a twist or two . The relation between Max and Stan is interesting and the film is well written overall .
 this was a nice action packed movie from piece brosnan . that has scenes that are fun and appealing .
 This is one of my favorite beach-set movies . It involves and intricate jewel heist and is set in one of my favorite places in the world
 a must for any pierce brosnan collection . action packed and keeps you in suspense from beginning to end . i loved the ending of the movie . a good heist movie.you wont be sorry if you buy this movie .
 Awsome movie . I could n't take my eyes off of it . I would recomend this movie to anyone who wants a great movie to watch !!
 After the Sunset is a very entertaining heist movie that is able to successfully combine several other genres along with a good cast and some beautiful locations . Max Burdett is one of the world 's greatest diamond thieves , and after a successful robbery in Los Angeles , he retires with his fiancee Lola to the Bahamas . But after several months in the Bahamas , Max finds out that the third Napoleon diamond , he 's stolen the other two , is coming to the islands as part of a cruise ship exhibit . Lola does n't want him to come out of retirement for one last heist , but Max has trouble resisting even with an FBI agent who 's been trailing him for seven years and a local gangster hot on his tail . Along with the heist aspect , the movie also has elements of the buddy picture , comedies , drama , and romance so there 's something for everyone here . This is the definition of a popcorn movie , it 's entertaining throughout with plenty of twists and turns and a good twist ending . And really , who needs an excuse to watch Salma Hayek in skimpy outfits for 100 minutes?Part of the enjoyment of the movie is that the cast seems to be having a ton of fun throughout the movie . Pierce Brosnan leads the way as Max Burdett , the diamond thief who does n't know if he can resist one last heist or go along with his fiancee 's wishes . Salma Hayek plays Lola , Max 's fiancee and partner in crime who wants to settle down to a more normal life . And the script gives her plenty of chances to wear bikinis and any number of skimpy outfits so that 's always good . Woody Harrelson is great as Agent Stan Lloyd , an FBI agent who has become obsessed with catching Burdett but comes to admire him and in some way become his friend . Don Cheadle seems to be having a ball as Henri Moore , an American gangster in the Bahamas trying to muscle Burdett into stealing the diamond . And last but not least , Naomie Harris plays Sophie , the local police officer working with Lloyd to take down Burdett and make a name for herself . Chris Penn also makes a quick appearance that is one of the movie 's funniest parts.For a single-disc DVD , the disc really has a lot of quality special features . Along with the widescreen presentation of the movie , the features include 16 minutes of deleted and alternate scenes , including a different ending , a 5-minute gag reel that 's very funny , a commentary from director Brett Ratner and his crew , a 70-minute making of documentary that follows the film from finding shooting locations to the premiere , a really worthwhile feature compared to most making of docs , a Charlie Rose interview with Brosnan , Hayek , Harrelson , and Ratner , an interview with a real diamond thief , a featurette about the visual effects , and a trailer and tv spots . It 's a great DVD and a must-have for fans of the movie . The cast is great , the locations are beautiful , and the DVD is loaded with features , but overall , it 's just a lot of fun . Check out After the Sunset !
 This movie starts out like a James Bond film with an action packed scene before the credits roll . Pierce Brosnan and Selma Hayek play a couple of high tech jewel thieves that have stolen 2 of the 3 Napoleon diamonds . They retire to the Bahamas , only to find the third Napoleon diamond to be on display on a cruise ship . Do they come out of retirement ? This is where the fun and thrill ride begins . Woody Harrelson plays the FBI who kind of has a friendship with Pierce . This film is action packed and even had some comedy in it . I highly recommend it , especially for Brosnan and Bond fans .
 AFTER THE SUNSET has all the makings of an enjoyable evening 's diversion , and if that is all that you ask from a movie then this one delivers ! Director Brett Ratner knows how to stir the ingredients of his previous ` RUSH HOUR 1 , 2 and soon 3 ' formulas and turn out a fast-paced , sexy , mildly tense heist situation into a story that successfully mixes comedy with suspense.Max Burdett -LRB- Pierce Brosnan -RRB- and Lola Cirillo -LRB- Salma Hayek -RRB- have retired as diamond thieves and live on a Caribbean Island in total luxury and bliss . Enter ex FBI agent Stan Lloyd -LRB- Woody Harrelson -RRB- who in an attempt to capture the escaped crooks dangles another Napoleon diamond that just happens to be arriving on the island on a cruise ship under their noses . Stan quickly engages a perky local cop Sophie -LRB- Naomie Harris -RRB- to assist him in his plans . Max discovers Stan 's ploy , plays him for a fool , but eventually succumbs to the temptation to make one last Heist . Lola , content with her retirement , discourages Max , but the stakes are upped by the local corrupt guys -LRB- a wasted Don Cheadle et al -RRB- and the heist proceeds.How this all plays out - as far as Max and Lola , Stan and Sophie , and the almighty diamond temptation - is the quirky twist of the story . Do n't expect to be dazzled by the ` Topkapi , Thomas Crown Affair , or Italian Job ' standards
 4 1/2 stars . `` After The Sunset '' is a great movie period . I went into it expecting the usual caper comedy , with maybe an extra boost from Pierce Brosnan . Let me take a stop right here and tell the nice people reading this something . Pierce Brosnan is a great actor . I have thought this since I first saw him in `` The Thomas Crown Affair '' . I then continuously saw him in `` The World Is Not Enough '' and `` Die Another Day '' . He has an enormous screen presence . He is usually funny and seems always game . Anyway , back to the movie . From what I saw in the previews and even in the opening sequence , this had all the makings of a formulaic caper movie . The scorned FBI agent , the sexy sidekick , and of course , the shifty veteran criminal . But after the first 15 minutes of the movie , I knew that this would be anything but a normal caper . The first half of the movie tells the story of how Max -LRB- Brosnan -RRB- , and his wife Lola -LRB- Salma Hayek -RRB- live a luxurious life on an unidentified Carribean island . They retired after pulling off the heist in the opening sequence , and it seems that all their problems have dissappeared . Until one day . On that day , FBI agent Steven Lloyd -LRB- that scorned FBI agent who was foiled once again in the opening , played by Woody Harrelson -RRB- breaks into Max and Lola 's home . He then tells Max that there is a cruise ship docking at the island for one week with the third Napoleon Diamond , the only one Max and Lola have n't stolen . Yet that is.Lloyd tells Max that he will be watching him closely for the next week . Max then makes friendly with Steven , at one point getting drunk , oiling each other up and then proceed to go , that 's right , fishing . Max meets a crime boss -LRB- Don Cheadle -RRB- who wants Max to steal the diamond for him . Lola , of course , objects to this , telling Max that they are `` Over and retired . For Good ! '' . Max ignores Lola 's plea and dodges the ever watchful eye of Agent Lloyd . The second half of the movie is pretty much one long chase and game of double cross . I read a review that said that Brett Ratner got a head of himself and added another heist for the finale of the movie . He is , of course , referring to the plot . I admit that `` After The Sunset '' takes a while to establish its plot , but it is so chock full of great ideas and witty banter that I did n't even notice that it took almost an hour for the plot to be established . If there is one problem with `` After The Sunset '' , it is the annoying grey hair/stubble on Pierce Brosnan 's chin . The least he could have done is shave it , especially for the many close-ups of him . The caper aspect of the film is suprisingly quite secondary to the character driven dialogue/sexual escapades/double crossing . The heist does n't really occur until about 20 minutes before the end of the movie , and even that is given a very humane spin when it is discovered . `` After The Sunset '' is an amazingly witty , action packed caper-comedy . The score is A-list , full of Carribean island music . The cinematography -LRB- of Salma Hayek 's body , among other things -RRB- is great , with swooping , swooning camera movements that , oddly enough , doe n't make you feel ill for once . If you are not a huge fan of caper films , go anyway because the caper is a small part of the plot , preserved for the end sequences . There are many other witty and visually arresting things to keep your attention . If your are a fan of heist movies , you should go also , because there is alot relating to the planning of the heist and executing it . It is a great deal of fun to watch , and is hilarious . I highly recomend it . Even though this is a great movie , and rated PG-13 , it is quite violent with fairly bloody shootings and stabbings , one quite graphic , though non-lethal . It also contains occasional profanity and sexual situations , two instances with partial nudity . Characters also drink heavily , get falling down drunk , and smoke mildly . The movie runs at 1 Hour 43 Minutes .
 This was n't a bad movie , I do n't understand why it did n't do better at the box office ... . I 've certainly paid much more for tickets for big films that hardly entertained ...
 I liked this movie alot . I watched it twice . I really enjoyed the little twist it had at the end .
 A great heist/action/comedy movie . I didnt get to see it in the movies even though ive been working there since july . Anyway i finally watched the DVD and wow great movie . Salma Hayek and Naomie Harris are hot .
 Yes , some reviews seem a bit true , but a little too harsh.The movie is a riot . . and funny . I thought Woody would bea poor selection as a FBI agent , but being older and showinga serious side , he turned out excellent for the part.I enjoyed the characters , the humor , and music.Buy it and enjoy a good laugh . . it 's fun !
 I 've seen a lot of reviews panning this movie . I understand the perspective of these reviewers . Generally , they find this type of movie too light-hearted and shallow . They expect a movie with some teeth and action and reality driven -LRB- Oh , what `` Survivor '' has done to us ! -RRB- Well I have to admit , I go to movies to escape reality , not face it . Life is heavy-hearted and deep enough for me . This movie fits the bill
 I thoroughly enjoyed this film . I love comedy , romance and action and this film delivers on all fronts in a light-hearted way . A good combination of a `` not so bad guy '' , the `` real '' bad guy , the bumbling FBI agent and romance . For those of us who like action but not the blood and the gore this was great . The comedy bits as Pierce Brosnan plays off against Woody Harlson were hilarious , as was Woody 's performance . Pierce Brosnan 's dry wit and humour was great . Underlying it all was romance and sensuality . I 've read reviews which complained the film had too much sex ... The main characters are lovers in `` retirement '' living in paradise and planning to get married ... that 's a recipe for a lot of lovemaking . When two people are in love they make love ... a lot , and it was clear that Brosnan and Selma had great on screen chemistry . The love scenes were tasteful , sensual with a touch of humour at times . It was enjoyable seeing the on screen love between the too main characters come out right through the movie.I bought the movie on DVD and enjoyed all the great extras . For those of you who like the special features on the DVD this DVD is chock full of them . The bloopers and gags are hilarious .
 Great movie ... good plot ... good acting and a fun movie to watch . I would tell everyone to watch this movie atleast once . It kept my attention and was a fun , relaxing movie to watch . Also , was shot at a great locations , enjoyable humor , and had good suspense . Like the ending too . Enjoyable !
 I like all three stars . The mix of adventure , comedy and romance was good . I thought the shark scene was hilarious . Bought a copy for a friend .
 I found this film to be very funny and straight out enjoying to watch . The cast are very well picked as it 's not your big Hollywood stars that people are getting sick of seeing . The storyline is about two master thieves Max -LRB- Pierce Brosnan -RRB- and Lola -LRB- Salma Hayek -RRB- who decided to retire to the Bahamas . But Stan -LRB- Woody Harrelson -RRB- who plays a FBI agent believes that it 's a cover for their next big hit . The last Napoleon diamond , which is scheduled to arrive on the island as part of a cruise ship exhibition . The question which is left hanging is max going to go for his biggest heist yet and will Stan finally catch his man?The film has also other fun characters like Don Cheadle who plays the boss of the origination crime on the island . It 's not an amazing film but with the cast and setting you wo n't be disappointed.I feel if you like these types of films -LRB- Heist -RRB- you will enjoy
 I rented this movie on a whim and I fell in love with it . It is action packed , funny , and kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time . Of course , who would n't love Pierce Brosnan in ANY movie , but he 's especially charming and witty in this one as well . Combine that with Salma Hayek 's sensual curves and smarts , along with Woody Harrelson 's humor and you 've got a great movie . The only thing I did n't `` like '' was that the left Woody Harrelson 's `` love interest '' hanging and did n't make sure they ended up together.I watch this movie AT LEAST ONCE A DAY !!! I love it !!! I love that it takes place in the Bahamas !! Someday I 'll go to the Bahamas and visit where Max and Lola live . : -RRB-
 two retired theives match wits with an FBI agent who for some odd reason does n't believe they have given up crime.DVD includes deleted scenes , bloopers , commentary with director brett ratner , `` interview with a jewel thief '' featurette , and more.woody harrelson is great in this film and along with the rest of the cast you will rarely experience a dull moment .
 Nature at her best with the bahamas , beauty at her best with the sexy salma hayeck and a lot of humour and real pleasure all along with pierce Brosnan.Surely one of my best dvd in between the 400 i own ... do n't ask yourself too much questions . . just have fun with this jewel .
 Well , I for one think this movie is funny and has a great cast . It is a must see , I wo n't give anything away , but I will tell you after watching this movie you will want to watch it again .
 It was just a good solid comedy . Nothing epic , but fun and cute . I did n't expect to be entertained but completely was !
 Had a hard time finding this gem , main reason for buying it was I caught the begining of it one day at my house , and my dvr was broken , I figured it was an older film so i found it online and got it .
 This `` dvd '' was intended for Canadian Distribution only , and does not have closed caption for the hearing impaired . How I got it in very South Texas is a mystery . I would like a replacement that has closed captioning . Canada must not have an agency like the ADA and do n't require CC . Thanks for any help you can offer ... d srader . By the way `` After the Sunset '' is an *** EXCELLENT *** movie
 An OK story , but terrific photography . The flick also needed more action . Woody H was not the best casting choice for a FBI agent . Not convincing . But , the real value to this DVD is the ` making of ' extra feature . It 's extensive , informative , and , entertaining . It 's like a film school seminar and really takes the view behind the scenes of making a movie . This was a real find . Highly recommend .
 I really like this movie . I think its cute , witty , and its got some great scenery . And it has a good cast of characters as well.After a heist in which they steal one of the Napoleon diamonds , Max and Lola decide to retire . But island life is hard for Max , and when an FBI agent who used to be his nemesis brings the 3rd Napoleon diamond to his attention , he finds his mind wandering from writing his wedding vows to planning how he would steal the diamond . But the FBI agent Stan is on him pretty thick , and while they get along they both know what the other is planning . And Lola really does want to be retired and Max does n't want to disappoint her . But will the intrigue and challenge prove to be too great for him?Characters : Pierce Brosnan
 I loved this little movie . It is not the caliber of Gone with the Wind or The Green Mile but I thought it was a fun little movie . Good acting . The story really draws you in and then plays with you a little . Great scenery throughout the movie too ! I recommend this movie whole-heartedly !! -LRB- Especially if you live in a cold place and it is the middle of winter . -RRB-
 I really enjoyed this movie . It is very entertaining . GREAT cast , it 's funny , good music , and the scenery is gorgeous .
 I must confess to not being a fan of Woody Harrelson , Don Cheadle or Selma Hayek , so you know off the bat who I went to see in this film -- Pierce Brosnan.However , but the time this film was halfway through , I became a BIG fan of those three actors . Very rarely do you get the sense that the actors had fun making a film , but the chemistry and joy that comes off the screen in After the Sunset makes it very hard to miss . This is a great popcorn flick , and clearly the actors had a great time making it . How could they not , they were in paradise.Speaking of -- the cinematography in this film is costly . Costly because after seeing ATS you will want to stay at the Atlantis resort , and I am guessing it is costly.Costly too is Max Burdett 's -LRB- Brosnan -RRB- tastes but he can afford it with his skill in thievery . Equally skilled in law enforcement is Stan Lloyd -LRB- Harrelson -RRB- , who is banking his career on finding Burdett as he tries to steal the third Napolean diamond . Who ultimately succeeds in this film is something you have to pay to find out , but trust me , like Catch a Thief there is a twist at the end.Selma Hayek is GORGEOUS in this film and equally believable as a thief and as a lover . Don Cheadle 's role is only a touch longer than a cameo , but when he makes his appearances , he can not be missed.One of the big surprise highlights of this film is the chemistry between Rachael Harris and Obba Babatund&eacute; . Equally fun is the banter between unlikely gal palls Hayek and Harris.Another surprise is the deft hand Brett Ratner had at giving the film goers just as small taste of social commentary . You do see both sides of Paradise , and a careful viewer will take note of the stark differences between the two.Being a Brosnan fan , I went into this film expecting to enjoy it a lot , but there was no way I could anticpate the many different ways I would . After the Sunset is a film where you mind spending the money on the tickets and the popcorn.Oh and that noise you 're hearing ? That 's the folks at Eon Productions banging their heads against the wall because they let their billion dollar Bond get away .
 Now `` After the Sunset '' is what I would call a really cool and funny movie . You can well expect something fun and interesting if a movie has both Woody and Pierce Brosnan in a movie together , and you get it in this film . The movie does n't take itself so seriously since this is n't a serious heist film . There are little small jokes thrown in here and there that keep you watching and really keep you entertained . There is even a twist at the end of the movie that I never really saw coming . Throughout the film , you see two enemies that eventually grow to have respect for each other and even become friends . If you want a serious action flick like off of a James Bond movie , this movie probably would n't appeal to you . But if you like `` good cop bad cop '' comedies that keep you entertained the entire time , this is it . Not a blockbuster movie , but entertaining none the less .
 this is what his life would have been.Max -LRB- Brosnan -RRB- is a jewel thief who always gets his target . Stan -LRB- Harrelson -RRB- is the FBI agent in charge of guarding the latest gem Max has his eye on . Stan does n't have a chance but nearly manages to take Max down during the theft . Lola -LRB- Hayek -RRB- , Max 's girlfriend and partner convinces Max that it is time to retire while they are one the top of their game . With some reservations Max agrees and the two move to the Bahamas where Max soon gets bored while Lola seeks to find ways to fill their days.Stan then appears convinced that this has all been a ruse as Max and Lola prepare to steal yet another diamond that will be arriving soon . Max protests his innocence but Stan does not believe him . Others soon become involved in this would be heist and eventually the diamond does disppear but who is the thief?This is to serious heist films what REMINGTON STEELE was to serious detective shows . Like Steele , AFTER THE SUNSET is a lighthearted romp that requires to viewer to not look too closely . The real attraction here is not the clever heist but the interactions between the various characters.While this film is fun and I definitely recommend it , it is not without flaws . At times the action gets a bit confusing , even to lack focus . This is somewhat explained during the directors commentary where it is made clear that the movie was rewritten a few times up to and including who the thief was and how the film would end . Still this is a fun film , like REMINGTON STEELE , there are references to other movies . Some are subtle like the split screen action a la THE THOMAS CROWN AFFAIR others more obvious like Max watching TO CATCH A THIEF.The film is beautifully shot , and is at times , as the director jokes , almost an advertisement for the Bahamas in general and the Atlantis resort in particular . The music score is a delight in itself.The additional features are interesting and include , besides the director 's commentary , deleted scenes , bloopers , a ` making of ' feature , and some hidden ` goodies ' that require a bit of searching .
 I would actually give this movie 3.5 stars if I could . This is a movie that I really wanted to like . Its got Pierce Brosnan and Woody Harrelson playing very well off of each other , its got Salma Hayek in tiny bikinis , and its got beautiful locales . And its pretty darn funny too . Sadly , the movie is less than the sum of its parts.Basically , the story begins where most heist movies end - on the beach after the final heist . Max Berdette -LRB- Brosnan -RRB- and his girlfriend Lola Cirillo -LRB- Hayek -RRB- are , or I should say were , professional jewel thieves who had simultaneously pulled off one of the best heists in history while at the same time completely humiliating FBI Agent Stan Lloyd -LRB- Harrelson -RRB- , who had been tailing them for years . After the heist , the couple moves down to the Bahamas to retire.After a hilarious montage , we learn that the couple has been on the island for a few months , when Lloyd shows up claiming that he 's `` on to them '' . Turns out that a cruise liner is carrying another priceless diamond , and Lloyd thinks that Berdette wants to steal it . In order to learn about Berdette 's plans , Lloyd and Berdette start hanging out , and they even start to become friends.Meanwhile , Henri Moore -LRB- Don Cheadle -RRB- , a local gangster enlists Berdette 's help in stealing the diamond , while Lloyd teams up with Sophie -LRB- Naomi Harris -RRB- , an island cop , to help him catch Berdette in the act.So that 's basically the plot . While the movie is great and fast-paced at points , there are points of equal lenght were almost nothing happens to advance the story . Furthermore , this movie follows a fairly standard heist movie formula , so it is reasonably predictable.However , as I said , this movie is pretty funny . This would be the main reason I would suggest seeing it now . If you want a good story though , wait for it to come to DVD .
 Marketed as a clever heist movie set in an exotic locale , `` After the Sunset '' is also a satisfying romance with two idealized lovers -LRB- Pierce Brosnan and Salma Hayek -RRB- who let greed , dishonesty , and complacency come between them . These lovers happen to be master jewel thieves enjoying their spoils in the tropics as their relationship reaches a turning point.Filmed on location in Paradise Island , Bahamas , `` After the Sunset '' begins as they finish their final score in which they steal the second of the three famous Napoleon diamonds . However , a persistent FBI agent -LRB- the unfortunately miscast Woody Harrelson -RRB- has been pursuing them for seven years , and becomes convinced that they are plotting another heist , rather than a romantic interlude and an early retirement.Because the agent has no jurisdiction in the Caribbean country , he teams with a local police officer -LRB- Naomie Harris -RRB- and sets out to catch the couple . A local man , -LRB- Don Cheadle -RRB- , is a transplanted Detroit gangster also intent on acquiring the third diamond . A convenient parallel romance between the agent and the police officer seems like an implausible scenario concocted by the screenwriters merely for laughs.The relationship between the Brosnan and Hayek characters , however , feels genuine . Although their circumstances are extreme , their struggles to remain a couple reflect problems in off-screen romances everywhere . Not only is the audience unsure whether they will stay together , but we 're unsure whether they should ever have gotten together in the first place.The plot twists and turns combined with the two beautiful co-stars in a breathtaking environment make this an exciting film to watch . While the story stretches the limits of believability , it 's an entertaining 90 minutes of pure PG-13 escapism.Leslie Halpern , author ofReel Romance
 This movie gets high marks for five things and low marks for three , so overall it 's a keeper.THE GOOD - -LRB- 1 -RRB- A very colorful film , with wonderful bright colors from the Bahamas scenery ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- an interesting story right from the get-go ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- originality in the story ; and -LRB- 4 -RRB- yes , to be honest , Hayak 's figure , which is seen in abundance throughout the film . She knows it 's good and is n't shy about showing it , and -LRB- 5 -RRB- overall a good mixture of crime , comedy , romance and suspense and just right amount of time at just under 100 minutes.THE BAD - -LRB- 1 -RRB- Insulting gratuitous sex and really stupid sexual dialog at times ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- once again subversive Hollywood making the FBI character a moron , for the most part ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- some Rambo mentality -LRB- bad guys miss from close range , good guys never miss , etc. -RRB- . It 's an outlandish story but do n't analyze it for credibility or you 'd be turned off and quit after 10 minutes . Just go along for the ride and enjoy the entertainment ... and entertaining it is !
 I really enjoyed this movie . No cheesy lines . Good acting with lots of playfulness and fun . Lots of Salma Hayek 's beautiful body ; and she really is a good actress . Pierce Brosnan is always himself , which is pretty cool . I always enjoy his films . He brings an element of class to the art . Woody Harrelson adds excellent acting with fun slapstick and great humor . I do n't want to give away too much about the movie because I think not knowing what 's going to happen next is half the fun , trying to second guess the next scene or the outcome . It 's a story about a jewel thief with a really hot girlfriend and partner in crime . Woody plays an FBI agent that is trying to catch Pierce , the thief , and is humorously outwitted each time . Remember , I do n't want to spoil it for you . The end is very cool and I really got a good laugh on that . It is the kind of movie I could watch many times with friends . It 's just a fun , fun movie with some nice eye candy . You have a beautiful body Selma , stay in shape . Enjoy !
 After you 've seen After the Sunset , you wo n't be dissapointed . I really enjoyed the how they played the plot out . Althought the character development could have been better done , overall , I thought this was a great movie , fun for everyone . I ca n't gaurantee it , but you might just think of after you wake up the next day . Pierce Brosnan and Salma Hayek had beautiful chemistry together onscreen , and scenes with Woody Harrelson were quite funny and times , sometimes corny . This is a great movie for the whole family , but I would remember the PG rating for younger kids .
 Let 's face it ... there has been quite a lot of heist films in the past 20 years , and while this film does not thread on new grounds , it does bring all the elements we love from heist films , and with a little touch of comedy , makes it a worhwhile movie to watch.The film starts off with a very paranoid , very jumpy FBI agent -LRB- played by Woody Harrelson -RRB- who 's transporting a very valuable diamond . As usual , we are treated to the clever , if not genious , plan of the diamond thieves to steal the diamond , with a somewhat eyebrow raising scheme . I was having Knightrider flashbacks , but excuse me , as far as I know , we are still not able to have cars drive themselves yet ? Even by remote ... Well , needless to say , they get the diamond , but not before our anti-hero thief gets shot -LRB- accidently -RRB- , that brings us to the main plot of the movie . Brosman 's partner thief , the sexy Hayek , apparentlly fears for his life , since it came so close to ending , that she convinces him to retire to a paradise island . It 's obivous that they will play on the cliche that the thief was n't really just being a thief for the money , but for the exciment -LRB- Hollywood 's way of making the character a bit less amoral and tolerable to audiences I guess . -RRB- His temptation will come in the form of an FBI agent -LRB- Harrelson -RRB- . Ok . I 'm not going to give the movie away , but I will say that it does have its comedic moments , such as the lobster montage - where you see them eating it day , after day , and you can tell Brosman is getting sick of it.Hayek playes a rather minimal role , being relegated mostly as the sex appeal , running on the beach , baywatch bouncing kind of scenes . She plays the part well , for what she is given , although , her trying to be normal and do normal things kind of annoyed me - especiall when you think about her being a thief . For one thing , if she wanted to settle down and be normal , then there were plenty of professions to choose from besides stealing , that would provide that same result . Also , if you are rich , why bother doing things yourself when you can pay someone to do it ? Is n't that the point of stealing to get money?All and all , the movie is fun . It does have a somewhat twist ending to it , which I must admit , I did not see coming . The action , or heist , plays a minor role as well-foregoing the usual set up , when you see the thieves laying out their plans and preparing , which is usually present in heist movies.Good movie to pass the time when you just want to stop thinking about the world for a while and put your brain on hold .
 This product arrived on time packaged great and is brand new ! Great price for a blu ray ; no scratches or smudges on DVD . Love it ! Great product . Thank you !
 This movie was made right after the Atlantis resort was built . You will want to take a trip to the Bahamas after watching it . Pierce Brosnan made this &#34; To Catch a Thief &#34; themed movie while he was in his prime .
 This is another really great movie Pierce Brosnan and Salma Hayek playing 2 proffessional jewel theives who are trying to retire . But the lure of one last big job proves a little too much for the pair and an FBI agent whos fallen from grace and tempts Brosnan and Hayek into that one last big job but the fbi agent gets a great payback in the end . Great story line .
 Great movie , funny , and Brosnan is as charismatic as usual . Harrelson and Brosnan were the perfect choice for this movie .
 After The Sunset is a fun movie I highly recommend to anybody . It 's a fun con movie with great actors and a good story . It 's predictable , but will keep you watching because of the chemistry between all the characters and story . It 's definitely worth your tima and money .
 I love this movie ... action mixed with fun . The perfect couple for a perfect work . Own it !
 Brat Ratner has done it again , he made a fun and enjoyable movie for everyone to see . After the sunset his hillarious and very good . It has a twest of geners in it thats what makes it most excieting to watch . Woody Harrleson is outstanding in this movie , I think it 's his best so far . Woody plays this cop Stan who has been chasing a jewel thief , Max -LRB- Pierce Bronsan -RRB- & his girl friend Lola -LRB- Salam Hayek -RRB- who have retiered , and stan just do n't trust them . So he follows them to the bahamas and wath him . will max pull another hiest well you 'll have to find out . Rent the movie it is really good!If you liked the movie check out the soundtrack
 This is a pretty good movie . Think `` Thomas Crown Affair '' in the tropics and not quite as dramatic . Salma Hayek looks AMAZING through out the whole movie and Bronson comes across as cool and collective as usual . Woody plays , well , a typical Woody character . Very entertaining and very fun to watch . I bought this movie before I ever saw it and I am not dissappointed .
 This was a fantastic movie ... great acting , great story line , perfect pace , great twists . Two thumbs up ! Thoroughly enjoyed it .
 I finally purchased this movie . I saw it on an airplane on my way to Europe the first time . Then it wound up on Netflix twice and at that point I decided to buy it ... and I 've played it in the background while doing other stuff a couple of times ... why?Well , it has great `` view again and again '' qualities to it . I wo n't sit down and `` watch '' it intently but its a great background movie ... but why?Well lets start with the characters
 I loved this movie ! I dunno why so many of you people rate it so low !!! If you think this movie is bad , Then go watch `` The Thomas Crown Affair '' ! STORY
 this was a good movie too watch . with scenes that are action packed , and hot girls .
 If you are concerned at all about where our food system is headed , you must read Michael Pollen 's books . He is the best and this book is very educational . Read all his books . Oh , always read the book before you watch the movie .
 This is a fabulous video . It is very enlightening and very informative . Everyone should watch this video or read the book .
 I watched this PBS Blu-Ray DVD from another source . Even though it did n't specifically say so , it contained subtitles , that can be actuated.by my Blu-Ray DVD remote.The special features do not have subtitles , even though they are done very well . I could understand some of the dialog in the specials , but would have preferred subtitles . Amazon does not specifically say this Blu-Ray DVD has subtitles . I want to buy a copy , but will wait until I am sure it has subtitles . I , too , am a hearing aid wearer and must have subtitles on DVDs . I purchased a BIG SCREEN with HDMI hook-up . One can not receive CCs with HDMI or Component hook-ups with any DVDs . They must have subtitles for me . It is a puzzlement . Mine is a voice crying in the wilderness .
 Fun , interesting and eye opening film on the interation of the plant world and it 's interaction with the world of humans ; who 's controlling who here ?
 I am definitely into documentary and this is one of the better ones . I bought it primarily because my drug counseling professor recommended to me - there is a portion about marijuana - and I showed it to my clients as well . I think I might have gotten more of this than the clients because they found it a little boring . I , however , would totally recommend it .
 Michael Pollen is a great narrator , serious activist , gardener , and environmentalist who has made an outstanding movie about simple plants that make our lives better . Apples , potatoes , `` pot '' and tulips seem to be an odd combination but truly have made a huge difference in the way we eat and view a certain flower . My book club enjoyed Pollen 's written word and the movie was an added treat for those who prefer a `` Hollywood '' version . All U.S. public schools should add the moive to their curriculums or at least adapt a portion of the content for students . The Botany of Desire is an rewarding movie about how certain plants effect our lives and have evolved to better our lives through research and science . No GMO !
 What 's better in the winter than reading about beautiful plants . The `` Botany of Desire '' makes for a fun read about human history and the relationship with four interesting plants . It can be a primer on plants or a history of humankind but the plants seem most versatile .
 This program shows many points of view and lets you decide how do you feel about farming and growing . In addition gives some history on some of the products . It 's worth watching this program more then once .
 This is a movie about the entertaining history behind our most beloved crops , focusing on the tulip , the apple , the potato and marijuana . It provides science , history and existentialism in a poetic and fascinating way . If you are a documentary lover , you will adore this !
 Michael Pollen Rocks!He makes it all seem so simple , wonderful , beautiful and desirable.I recommend this as a must see.Ruby
 This is an excellent documentary of Michael Pollan 's book by the same name . I had read the book , earlier , and decided to use it as supplemental reading for my university botany course that I teach . In ordering the book through the book store I was informed of the PBS documentary . I immediately bought it and have found it to be an excellent audio and visual reinforcement for the book . I plan on using the book for discussion groups in the botany class then following up with each segment of the video that corresponds with the book chapters .
 Well apples are n't exactly as American as apple pie ! And a lot more interesting information is packed into this welcomed DVD . Information is provided about the tulip , potato -LRB- beware GMO -RRB- , and the high profit but illegal pot plant . I was saving apple seeds from organic apples hoping to grow my own . Thanks to this DVD I learned in order to get an apple like the ones I ate , I would have to get a graft or just buy a tree since the seeds contain so much diversified genetic information that it was a coin toss as to what kind of tree would actually grow . He also forewarns about farming monoculture as it would be easy for the Irish potato famine to happen in the USA today since apparently we -LRB- and the rest of the world -RRB- did not not heed this horrific lesson . Also McDonald 's does listen to public opinion and stopped making GMO fries much to Monsanto 's chagrin . Yippee ! If you are a fan of Pollan 's you will not be disappointed . If you only eat highly processed and/or fast foods you would probably care less about this DVD 's contents .
 This documentary was well produced and the subject matter was fascinating . I never knew that apples and potatoes had such variety or deep histories . This film was an eye opener into the world of human plant use that should be seen by all horticulturists .
 I really enjoyed the author 's take on who ia the superior species living on this planet , plants make themselves attractive to animals and insects in order to propagate themselves around the world . It has been documented that plants anticipate and show reaction to being cut , sung to , primped and pampered - leads us to wonder who really rules the earth . Great book , actually my favorite Pollan writing .
 This is a very interesting movie that shows how we , as man , perpetuate species to our own ends , while the plant exploits us for its survival . It is beautifully filmed and interesting to watch . Of the many points made , the issue of genetically modified plants being included in our food without our knowledge is very eye opening and scarey . The movie also gives hope that we do not have to bow down to agribusiness and let them serve us whatever garbage they want us to believe -LRB- or eat -RRB- . Very good film .
 I saw this documentary on netflix after i read about it in eating well magazine . Very intriguing . I checked out the website for the show -LRB- very nice for teachers and educators -RRB- . On there , you can find 4 lesson plans to teach most ages about these wonderful plants -LRB- yes all of them : -RRB-
 Based on the book by Michael Pollan.Right from the front of this documentary or speculative paradigm change , `` When we use these metaphors and we talk about plants having a strategy to do this or wanting this or desiring this , we are being metaphorical obviously . I mean that plants do not have consciousness but this is the fault of our own vocabulary . `` What if plants to serve their purpose were manipulating us?We select four plants to demonstrate the premise.The four plants used to promote this viewpoint are : tulips -LRB- beauty -RRB- marijuana -LRB- intoxication -RRB- apple -LRB- sweetness -RRB- Potato -LRB- control -RRB- . We follow each plant through its history and interaction with people.Michael Pollan 's bottom line warning is to get away from monoculture . `` We are not simply standing outside the web of life . But that we are part of that web of life . `` I only saw the Blu-ray version . The Aspect Ratio is 1.33:1 but you can tell that they squeezed some wider views down as many people and objects were very vertical . There are a few DVD extras that include deleted scenes , More of Michael Pollan 's Interview and Perspectives form artists , humanities , and sciences.The Botany of Desire
 Botany of desire takes an original angle on the relationshin between us and plants . Highly recommended .
 Michael Pollan -- it just occurred to me how close his name is to `` pollen -- garners five stars from me for this excellent PBS documentary based on his book , `` Botany of Desire '' . This program was produced by Pollan 's long-time friend Michael Schwartz , and their collaboration gives us a little work of art that 's way greater than the sum of its parts.Congrats to both Michaels . Buy this video and learn its many lessons .
 I love the way this documentary balanced American accepted dietary intake from a more natural food intake . This tug of war is a very real one between these two schools of thought . Profits vs disease . Indifference vs enlightenment . Famine vs prosperity . If you find yourself NOT CARING about organic or GMO or pesticides or plants in general then you MAY find yourself in a world wishing that you did . Seeing a loved one dying of cancer . Seeing world wide famine . Low prices have a very expensive hidden cost . NOT CARING and buying from companies notorious for `` not caring '' will get you in a very indifferent world of hate and sickness . I believe if you care about ANYTHING it should be in the very least your children and/or future generations . Please watch this movie and afterwords try to buy organic then try domestic then local then seasonal -LRB- what 's in season -RRB- often fair trade and often fresh and NEVER GMO . PRICE IS NOT EVERYTHING . CARING IS . Remember Europe does . They riot when companies try to sell them the environmentally dangerous foods that are allowed to be sold to unknowing Americans . ... Pete Giatrakis
 I read the book awhile ago and decided to see what the movie might add . The visuals are quite nice , but there is not really any new ground covered in the video . If you 're pressed for time , the film alone is fine . Either way , the topic is intriguing and as long as you do n't go overboard in imagining these plants as `` scheming little guys '' , you can open yourself to new ways of seeing Darwinism in action .
 I love Martin Lawrence as an actor and comedian . This movie was soooo funny ... . Great movie if you want a good laugh . I did n't think he could be funny after Blue Streak . But yes he was . You go Martin , you 're my favorite .
 This was a very good movie , There were alot of funny things happing in this one . And Martin is so crazy he can turn any movie into a real treat . Go check it out .
 A New comedy staring Martin Lawrence , the star of TV 's now off the air Martin and the insanely funny Nothing To Lose , comes the movie Big Mommas House a even funnier film than Nothing to Lose . It is about 2 cops scoping out Big Momma , who has a relative in some sort of trouble , and they believe that the relative shows up . While Big Momma goes to visit a friend , they decide to search her house . While Searching the Girl -LRB- relative -RRB- calls , Malcolm Played by Martin picks up the phone and pretends to be Big Momma Well The girl needs somewhere to hide so Malcolm becomes big Momma , and all he * # breaks loose . He finds out that the estranged grand daughter is very cute . So it even gets stranger , and funnier . With a great cast and a hilarious script , Big Mommas House scores big . It is a hilarious film that will have you laughing so hard your throat will hurt . It is n't that it does n't have problems , there is a cute little oil scene , that has a flaw , but the movie is so funny you can look past it , because it was n't that big of a deal . It is n't as funny as Dogma , but Dogma was a twisted film with witty writing , great cast and some wickedly ; y good ideas . Still Big Mommas house is so funny that you ca n't help but laugh at it really hard , some good deep down belly laughs are what we all need . So I would say , that Big Mommas House is on my top ten because it was so funny .
 For Martin Lawerence fans you will not be disappointed !! Martin did it again . I think this was a cool and funny film , it demonstrates Martin 's multi-talented ability to keep viewers entertained as he changes characters throughout the movie . The film has a good story line , lots of laughs and fun for the entire family , enjoy !!!
 Hey Jackson , This movie was the BOMB-SNIT ! Martin Lawrence proved he could hold his own without `` GINA '' ! Big Momma 's House was a rip roaring flick . I would measurize this movie 4 out of 5 stars ! Martin 's supporting cast really held this movie up and made it complete . The storyline was good because it was a little unpredictable at times . If this mainstream money making picture do n't bring home any Oscar nominizations we know there is some discriminizin goin on in down there in Hollywood ! I highly rectammend this movie to every ones who enjoys Eddie Murphy , Richard Pryor , John Ritter , or Chris Rock !
 We did n't see this movie in the theatre and when we recently rented it . . we just HAD to have it ! Martin Lawrence is fantastic and from the beginning the hilarity ensues . This is not Academy Award material - it is just a FUN , LIGHT , forget your troubles kind of movie . Enjoy . We ALL did in our house from the oldest to the youngest !
 `` Big Momma 's House '' is pretty funny . Martin Lawrence is really funny in it . THe reason why I gave it only 4 stars is because I did n't like some of the parts of the storyline , like when Martin 's character ruined his disguise as Big Momma . The movie was really good though . I reccomend it to anyone who liked `` Nutty Professor II
 nice item . price is good . couldnt have asked for anything more . i was pleased with the overall purchase and everything .
 This is a very funny movie.My ribs hurt so much because I was laughing so hard , when I watched it .
 I love this movie and could n't believe I did n't own it ! It 's hilarious and entertaining the entire way through ! It 's truly a classic .
 Comedy , action love it and love every thing in it . Really good movie for all family.Even my daughter likes this movie
 Wife never seen the movie so had to get it so she could see it for the first time.She loved it as do I.Always funny to watch it .
 I watch Big Momma 's house every time i git a chanes i get.I thank the movie is funny and very intertaing.I thought that Martin did a great job playing the actor as bi momma.the other actor did exlent also .
 This is a funny movie . Martin is a good actor . He can play any one and make a hit . You must give this movie a chance .
 `` Big Momma 's House '' has got to be one of the funniest movies of the year . Even though the critics gave it 1 1/2 stars or something , the critics only like Julia Roberts and Gwyenth Paltrow movies ! Martin Lawrence is excellent as Big Momma ! Nia Long is great in this movie . I reccomend it to someone who understands `` black humor '' . Great , great movie !
 Man , Martin Lawrence is a Comical genius . I thoroughly enjoyed Blue Streak and Life , but i laughed harder in this movie than i think i ever have ! The way he portrays an obese southern african american lady is so funny . The cooking is hysterical , and the romance between him and the girl is interesting . I reccomend this to anyone who could understand all of the great humor in it , even though sometimes it is crude .
 It is so funny you will just want to see it over and over !
 This movie is a pretty good movie with great characters . Martin Lawrence does a good job as two characters and being funny . Camera work is great as is editing . The only bad part is a few plot holes at the end . It 's nice that about 15 minutes of the movie takes place in a church since you do n't really see that often these days ...
 This movie was one of the best movies of his career . Blue Streak was number one in my book . If you want a good laugh you need to rent or even buy it . Keep up the good work Martin .
 If you are looking for a good laugh buy this movie . Fans of Martin Lawrence will definatly enjoy this .
 I love this movie . I laugh time and time again . It is funny comedy .
 this is a really funny movie . martain lawrance at his best . i really ca n't say anything more this is a good movie . it 's a must see
 If you like action , this movie has it ; it you like romance , this movie has it ; and if you like humor , this movie has it . Martin Lawrence portrays the comedy to the hilt , and , surprisingly , he also does an good job of being a suave man pursuing his woman . Nia Long is a beautiful and excellent actress in this film making the romance part so adorable . Terrence Howard 's role was done well too . He really can be a scarey character when he needs to portray it . Altogether this film is excellent on so many levels and a must see for anyone who likes the combination of action , romance and humor .
 Big Momma 's House is far more entertaining than some of the reviews would indicate . Yes , the plot is almost impossible
 This movie is one of my all time favorites . It had me laughing then entire time , and I was practically crying at the end from laughing so hard . I definitely recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good laugh .
 This movie was funny ! I would rate it afterthe movie Friday which is funny too . Malcom -LRB- Martin Lawrence -RRB- Was funny in this movie playing as Big Momma . The plot of the movie is to capture a criminal who robs banks and kills people . The robber 's girlfriend Sherry -LRB- Nia Long -RRB- is accused of the robbery with her boyfriend . Sherry 's grandmother who is big Momma has to go away . The special agents Malcom -LRB- Martin Lawrence -RRB- and his other sidekick must get to Sherry in order to capture Lester . Malcom dresses as Sherry 's grandmother . They have the funniest times together in Big Momma 's house.It may not make sense but if you rent or buy the movie then you will understand how the movie is and how funny it is .
 An FBI Agent -LRB- Martin Lawrence -RRB- , who has the Knack for being under-disguise in Undercover Work . When a murdering Bank-Robber -LRB- Terrence Howard -RRB- , who is on the Run to get Back the Money , he has Stolen in a Bank with his Ex-Girlfriend -LRB- Nia Long -RRB- and her Son -LRB- Jascha Washington -RRB- . But the Mother and Son goes to a small Southren Town to See , thier Grand-Mother but the FBI Agent decides to Disguise Himself as Big Momma.Directed by Raja Gosnell made a Familiar but Often , Funny , Entertaining Film . Martin Lawrence delivers a fine Comic Performance , which-Most of the Film is in Disguise . Paul Giamatti is also in it as Lawrence 's long Suffering Partner . One of the Highest-Grossing Films of 2000 . DVD 's has an fine anamorphic Widescreen -LRB- 1.85:1 -RRB- transfer and an good Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound . DVD Extras are : An running Commentary Track by the Director and the Producer . Alternate Opening Scene and More . This film will delight , most people , if-they are looking for-Outrageous Humor . Digitally Mastered in THX : Picture Quality and Sound . Grade : B + .
 `` Big Momma 's House '' is a fun romantic comedy , starring the incomparable Martin Lawrence . Hilarity abounds as Mr. Lawrence poses as `` Big Momma '' a much beloved figure . You 'll howl with laughter at his attempts to fulfill Momma 's duties ... and his growing attraction to Nia Long . Sure it 's predicatable , but you wo n't care .
 Haha . This movie was pretty funny . I seen it along time ago I think when it came out in theatres . Anyways , most people might think this movie is a waste of time , and stupid bla bla . But I thought it was actually pretty funny . Martin Lawrence is a funny actor in my opinion when he wants to be and he does a good job of it in this film . Especially the way he tries to act like a fat old woman lol . This movie made me laugh quite alot . Not nearly a classic movie so it dont get a 5 , but 4 should settle it in its spot . If you want to see a funny movie , to rent etc , get this itll make you laugh . Especially if you like Martin Lawrence , this is the movie for you .
 This is one hilarious movie . The story line is great and although it is very funny most of the time , this movie keeps the emotions very active . It has parts that are pure heart warming , there are parts of gentleness and caring , there are even parts of anticipation and excitement all rolled into on funny story . It has it all and is a movie that is `` one you ca n't miss '' .
 Martin Lawrence does a good job in this film as he pulls on a fat suit in his role as an undercover agent who must disguise himself as a rotund matron to get some information and hopefully close a case . I have to say that out of the three ` Big Momma ' movies that are out , this one is definitely the best and probably the only one really worth watching .
 This is a entertaining movie if you ask me . I enjoyed this , It funny and the story is good . Martin knows comedy ! Black mrs doubtfire lol
 This movie is Great ! It is funny ! The movie arrived quickly and in wonderful condition ... very delighted with the Company .
 When a street-smart FBI agent is sent to Georgia to protect a beautiful single mother and her son from an escaped convict , he is forced to impersonate a crass Southern granny known as Big Momma in order to remain incognito . Martin Lawrence is a scream in this story about assumed identity , romance , and the tensions between home town and urban values . I laughed until my side ached .
 This is a very funny movie that stars Martin Lawrence as F.B.I. agent Malcolm Turner who goes undercover as a grandma named Hattie Mae Pierce . -LRB- Big Momma -RRB- Hattie happens to be grandmother to Sherri . A few years ago , Sherri 's ex-boyfriend , Lester robbed a bank and killed a few people . The F.B.I. believe that Sherri was involved , so Malcolm tries to get a confession , but he soon believes that Sherri is innocent and begins to fall in love with her . Malcolm gets into a lot of crazy situations as Big Momma like playing Basketball , delivering a baby , singing in church , and much more ! I highly recommend you stay at BIG MOMMA 'S HOUSE !!!
 This movie was great ! It arrived in less than four days -LRB- even though I chose standard shipping -RRB- . Great movie !
 This is just down my street hilarious and great family viewing . highly recommended . Loved every minute .
 This is a very warm and entertaining movie about the events happening when the neighborhood 's big momma was replaced by a FBI agent.A fun for the whole family.Guaranteed make you giggle .
 This is a great movie my brother and I saw it three times in the theatre and have rented it over ten times .
 This movie was laugh out loud funny , and had a great plot . I could n't believe how funny Martin Lawrence looked in the fat ladies costume . This is now one of my favorite movies , and I recommend it to everyone .
 While some may accuse Martin Lawrence of copy-catting Eddie Murphy , they miss the point . Mr. Murphy makes it a point to tell a story about a family . Mr. Lawrence makes it a point to tell a story about an investigator . I was amazed at how well they could create a pseudo-Momma which resembled the real Momma -LRB- in the physical sense -RRB- . We all know that this could n't have happened in real life , but it can in Hollywood . This movie had a nice mix of comedy , drama and romance . Better yet , the outtakes within the Bonus Materials section really make this DVD worth buying .
 Not Martin 's best work , but it was truly enjoyable . I guess that I 'm still stuck in the BAD BOYS mode wishing those two would hook up again and do a sequel . This movie was one for the rental list , but I 'm not sure that it will actually buy it for the home library . Funny , entertaining , but lacking the TRUE Lawrence flair !
 There were ALOT of good movies in 2000 -LRB- Shanghai Noon , MI2 , Unbreakable , Gladiator , etc. -RRB- , but this movie was truly the best . If you though Robin Williams was funny in Mrs. Doughtfire , you a ` int seen nothing yet . This movie is a WHOLE lot different from that movie , so if you did n't like Mrs.Doughtfire , do n't skip this movie just because of that . Martin Lawrence is one of the funniest actors around , next to Eddie Murphy and Jim Carrey . He adds his own certain brilliance to the film only he can provide . There were so many laugh out loud scenes in this film your belly will be aching like crazy . The DVD makes it even better , with extra features up the wa-zoo . Deleted scenes , bloopers , music videos , making of , trailers and TV spots , and even a Me , Myself , & Irene trailer . The acting is one of a kind , and if you miss out on this movie , you miss out on alot , trust me .
 This movie was filled with laughter all threw the movie . Older people might not appreciate the humor but teens and young adults would . My favorite part was when Martin Lawernce was in the Real big mommas house shower and then he snuck out and said to his partner `` I 've seen alot of scary _ _ _ _ in my days but _ _ _ _ that is a lot of @ $ $ . And then his partner said he needed a splint or something . -LRB- guys all cringe at this part -RRB- It might not sound funny here but if you watch it and see what happens while they are saying it , it brings tons of laughter . I hope you enjoy the movie as much as i did !
 Its been a very , very long time since I laughed this hard -LRB- not since I was a kid -RRB- . Big Momma 's House is hil-lar-i-ous . I was kind of lukewarm about Martin Lawerance b/f this movie but Big Momma 's House sold me on him . I 'm now offically a Martin Lawerance fan.Don ' t be surprised if you become a fan of ML as well after watching this very funny film . Expect belly laughs-a-plenty .
 A great , funny movie about an undercover FBI agent planted at a hot young suspects grandmas house .
 I beleive this one is one of Martin 's best movies . It sure was way funnier than The Klumps or Scary Movie . It 's a DVD must have .
 I did enjoy this film , very funny , entertaining and good acting . Martin Lawrence was excellent and so were the other actors . I would recommend anyone to check out this movie and be ready to laugh ...
 First let me say that it is refreshing to see Martin acting again after all the trouble he went through with being in the hospital . He did a great job playing big momma the only thing is that it reminded me a lot of Sheneyney . People keep trying to say that he 's trying to be like Eddie Murphy in Nutty Professor but the truth is Martin has been doing imperssonations for a while now . The movie turned into somewhat of a love story but in between it was funny . I recommend anyone looking for a laugh to watch and enjoy .
 hilarous is one of the many words to describe this movie . it kept me laughing the whole way through Martain lawrence is a genius in this film . suberb !
 A lot of the events in this movie are * strangely * similar to some events in Mrs. Doubtfire , and , like I stated , this IS a cheesy rip-off , but good cheese , like American . No swiss . I got this on DVD for christmas , and it is hilarious . Lawrence is fabulous and fuuuunny . Great movie to just sit back and laugh at . Get it . what are you waiting for ???!?!????
 This film is a slapstick classic . It is like a cross between Mrs. Doubtfire and Eddie Murphy 's The Nutty Professor . This film is not intended for `` mature audiences '' or for people sensitive about jokes about weight , but it is not as crude as many comedies today . Martin Lawrence gives an outstanding comedic performance as an FBI agent gone undercover as Big Momma . When you see Martin Lawrence as Big Momma dunking the basketball on the court , singing gospel hymns at church , or doing Karate moves , you will laugh until you wheeze . Incidentally , this film is much better than The Nutty Professor II , which came out at about the same time .
 I think this is a very very funny movie . Martin Lawrence is at his best in this movie . I know a lot of people did n't like thebathroom scene.but , i thought it was very funny . All the people in the film are great . i really like nolen the security guard.he was awesome in the movie . i laughed so hard during the entire film my stomach was sore at the end.the movie is defintly wortha look a MUST BUY MUST OWN i promise you 'll absolutly love it.another wonderful scene from the movie was when Martin dressed as big momma had to deliver a baby that is hillarious.Martin is truly at the top of his acting career in this flim.i think it 's the best film Martin has made so far.Ella Mitchell who played the real big momma is very funny also.she is a marvelous actress . she has a scene at the beginning of the movie where she finds a dog in her yard she says lord i done told sadie bout this dog . then she picks up the dog and says if i catch you in my yard again i 'll barbeque me some hot dog.very funny . nia long is great also a very beautiful lady and a great actress.another one of my favorite part 's of the movie is when nia boy gets kicked of the basketball court and , Martin dressed as big momma goes to the court and gives the guys at the court a lesson in hoops.anyway , it 's a marvelous movie buy a copy today from Amazon i promise you 'll love it . you want be able to stop laughing.it 's a MUST HAVE MOVIE .
 I hesitated to go see this movie because I thought it would be terrible and I thought it would be lacking in the `` hilarious department '' . All I can say is that this was by far one of the funniest movies I have ever seen . I enjoyed it so much , that I went back to see the movie twice . Martin Lawrence was very , very funny . I laughed so hard that I was embarassing myself.This is definitely a `` must see '' movie .
 When I read the comment at this site about the film , I spontaneously decided to add mine . We saw the film in a lesson of Business English - which seems quite odd - but I really enjoyed it . It was not as flat as I expected , actually it was really funny and romantic . I had not seen a film with Martin Lawrence before and found him really cude . Also his girlfriend `` Sherry '' is very sexy ... And at last , the music was really good
 Not knowing much about this Spanish film , I was a little concerned after reading its plot description . I readied myself and anticipated a rather silly sexual comedy -- but what I got was an altogether different experience . There was some silliness and some sexual comedy , to be sure , but this charming film about relationships won me over instantly . `` The Truth And Other Lies '' is definitely a film that I think would appeal to a wide audience , and is infinitely better than many of the American romantic comedies I 've seen lately.Centering on two couples -- Alberto and Susana , who are successful and affluent , and Ernesto and Lea , their best friends . Ernesto works in Alberto 's supermarket -LRB- Alberto 's father runs the store -RRB- as a droning radio announcer and Lea poses as a deaf/mute at Susana 's TV station doing sign language -LRB- Susana is a news anchor -RRB- . One day , Ernesto is misdiagnosed with a deadly malady . The quartet is justifiably horrified thinking he has only three months to live . Ernesto realizes he 's wasted his life and wants to embrace these months as a gift . Relinquishing falsehoods , he wants others to value life . In a vow of honesty , all four share secrets to become closer and Ernesto reveals that he wishes an opportunity to sleep with Susana.This poses the question -- how far would you go to indulge a dying friend ? Naturally , any time people want to live truthfully they expose themselves to hurt feelings -- and the truth , in this case , starts to be used as a weapon between these friends as jealousies and insecurities arise . But also , Ernesto and Lea -- while being more honest -- unsettle others and get noticed at their respective workplaces . This unconventional candor actually affords them more success as it is so rare.I wo n't contend that `` The Truth And Other Lies '' breaks new cinematic ground . The plot , while enjoyable , follows a predictable course . But I did n't care , I was enjoying the ride so much . The film is genuinely funny and works as straight comedy -- but the sly social commentary is an added bonus . It is further elevated by charismatic performances by all the leads . And even though the central plot is somewhat silly , these actors make you believe in the relationships . I felt a realism and a genuine warmth in both the friendships and the romantic entanglements . So , while the film may be light and frothy , it is also a great pleasure . About 4 1/2 stars from me -- and I do n't usually embrace this genre as fully as others might . KGHarris , 01/07 .
 This is an exelent comedy , I saw it on the TV some time ago and desided to purchased it because of Natalia Verbeke . She is cute and I like her work . But the movie in general is good and the history line is quite interesting .
 I just finished watching `` Frankenhood , '' a hilarious new DVD scheduled for release by Lionsgate on May 5 ; and I can tell you that this film consists of ninety two minutes of nonstop laughter and sheer fun.The plot of the film is not very complicated although at times , it borders on the unbelievable . But hey , that 's what makes watching it so much fun ! Motown -LRB- DeRay Davis -RRB- and Darius -LRB- Jasper Redd -RRB- work in a morgue , trading put-downs and toiling among the most undemanding of customers . Outside of their decidedly dreary jobs , the two dream of bigger and better things . If only they could win the $ 25,000 prize that will go to the winners of the upcoming 3-on-3 Streetball Tournament . One night , having been demoted to the graveyard shift , they catch their semi-sane colleague Franklin -LRB- JB Smoove -RRB- in a dark alley using the auto battery of Motown 's precious Gremlin to bring to life a monstrous dead man -LRB- Bob Sapp , -RRB- whose heart Franklin has just replaced . Now if they can just get their new mutant friend to play basketball , the basketball tournament is theirs ! Teach a dead man how to play basketball ? Yep , that 's the plan ! Now you know why I say the plot is a little unbelievable in places.Without question , Davis and Redd provide the engine that keeps the film running at top speed . They work smoothly together and their timing is excellent . But in my opinion , Bob Sapp had the toughest role to play ; portraying a dead man who is trying to relearn the facts of life while mastering the nuances of the fast break and the slam dunk . All these things and more , he accomplishes credibly.Speaking of the facts of life , there is more than enough love interest to go around , thanks to a bevy of toothsome beauties that include Drew Sidora , the up and coming actress , singer , and recording artist . I assure you that that if anyone would be capable of raising me from the dead it would be her!The timing for the release of `` Frankenhood '' could n't be better . Spring is in the air and before you know it , summer will be here . Soon it will be time to chill out and enjoy the simpler things in life . `` Frankenhood '' fits that scenario perfectly ; nothing serious , nothing complicated , just plain fun to watch !
 This movie was made over many years as a labor of love and is an examination of the way that people have changed the environment and the way that we look at it ; this does n't necesarrily mean its for `` tree-huggers '' , just that it literally examines the way that we look at our home -LRB- s -RRB- . This has a very slow burn pace that you have to surrender to -LRB- there are almost no shots with people at all -RRB- and just soak it in , I 've watched it three times now and each time I notice something more . People that are fans of the Qatsi Trilogy and specifically ` Koyaanisqatsi ' will feel right at home with this film .
 Another reviewer referred to this movie as the `` worst I have ever seen . '' It is easy to understand where such a sentiment could come from , because this film is an cinematographic and artistic trip down a very strange rabbit hole . I spent much of the movie wondering exactly what the creator of this film was trying to say . It seems to be an artistic menagerie of odd images and almost subliminally delivered images or impressions , about the evolution and de-evolution of the state of Georgia and by extension modern society as well . If the message is dark and foreboding , it is so at the subconscious level . I read once that when Charlton Heston came out of the theater after watching the movie 2001
 Ashim Ahluwalia 's John and Jane is , at first pass , a film essay that closely followsthe very different trajectories of six call centre workers -- `` Glen '' , `` Sydney '' , `` Nikki '' , `` Osmond '' , `` Nicholas '' , `` Naomi '' -- while they talk across the Atlantic to -LRB- inthis case -RRB- American `` customers '' who are barely aware of their existence.In other words , a familiar , even tired , subject for chatter ; the newspapers both inIndia and in the West have , for some time , been awash with talk of BPOs , columnists have sung paeans to the industry and labour researchers havecondemned it ; politicians have taken , and switched , their positions on whether itis a Good Thing or a Bad Thing , and large parts of rural and semi-rural India arenow learning English with the hope of becoming part of it . However , the fact ofall this chatter , all this micro-opinion , will unfortunately only serve to cloud anddistract from the actual place and ambition of John and Jane ; for Ahluwalia -- fromhis very first frame in which we see a shot of New York 's Times Square that isboth alluring and terrifying , from the very first murmur of the stunningsoundtrack -- is playing for much higher stakes . This is not , in the end , a filmabout the merits and demerits of a particular industry , but a very personal andvisionary document of an epochal global transformation . It is a document , afiction , an allegory , a work of art , that will resonate and continue to reveal itsmeanings for years to come.Ahluwalia 's subject is , on the one hand , the question -LRB- to borrow from WalterBenjamin 's critique of Weber -RRB- of capitalism as a religion , sourced , in the presentcontext , ultimately from the idea of America ; and running parallel to this isanother motif , both intriguing and disturbing , about the extreme plasticity of thecontemporary self . Ahluwalia 's `` characters '' are real call-centre employees , butthey seem to be constantly narrating and performing themselves for the camera , in a series of scenes that seem to hover ambiguously between the staged and theimprovised . Many of them are estranged from or without families , and they setabout completely reconstructing their self towards their fantasy of what theycould be , with results that are , by turns , melancholy , bittersweet , upbeat , liberating -LRB- perhaps -RRB- , tragic and even grotesque.What is being left behind is the old world of industrial Mumbai , whose remnantsare indicated early in the film by a lovely panorama of smokestacks and smoke.The characters in John and Jane are turning away from this , towards a newhyper-modern existence , and they are also , it seems , revising themselvestowards America . Although it 's true that by the end of the movie the Indiaaround them has itself changed so dramatically it is not clear who is emulatingwho , at any rate , even Glen , the bitter and disenchanted pot-smoking slackerwhom art audiences will perhaps most easily identify with , dreams of modellingfor Versace . This transformation may well begin in the coaching classes whenprospective employees are shown catalogues full of pristine , seductivelyorganized commodities and the American supermarket -LRB- `` more choice '' -RRB- iscontrasted with the supposedly chaotic Indian bazaar , when roomfuls of hopefulsare coached towards Texan accents . Eventually , however , things like accents andbaseball turn out to effect the more superficial of changes . Much deeper , however , go the arrows of the character 's own aspirations as they try to takecontrol over their lives . The call centre job is seen , in every case , as merely astepping stone
 Cleverly conceived and very funny , FREAK OUT was a movie I had been wanting to see for a long time . Ever since I heard about it on various horror websites , I could n't wait to get my hands on it and see for myself if it was well worth the glowing praise . Now that I have seen it , I can say I am far from disappointed.For a little backstory on the film , the movie was shot by its makers over a course of four years by way of a 16mm camera . When completed , it was screened at various college campuses where it brought the house down . It also was one of the few films without distribution to screen at the Fantasia Film Festival where I believe -LRB- and I could be wrong -RRB- it won The Audience Award.It 's easy to see the appeal . Billed as a comedy for horror fans , the plot concerns an escaped mental patient who meets up with a horror film junkie . The film junkie sees the potential in having a lunatic as a friend , and he and his friend Onky try to create out of the patient a new serial killer in the tradition of a typical slasher movie icon.The two leads Dan Palmer -LRB- Who co-wrote the script -RRB- and James Heathcote are excellent and highly likable . Horror fans will love the film 's sly inside jokes . Everything from FRIDAY the 13th , to THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT , to PSYCHO , to THE EVIL DEAD , to NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is represented . What the director manages to achieve given the film 's very small budget is a near miracle . And the film 's best attribute is the character of the escaped mental patient `` Looney . '' HILARIOUS!The film is far from technically perfect , but it sure is fun ! This horror fanboy loved it !
 This movie looks and feels like it cost about $ 20 to make , but for some unknown reason that i have n't quite been able to put my finger on yet , i enjoyed it a great deal . Maybe it was the all-out silliness of it -LRB- the killer 's main weapon is a spatula , and he has a fondness for Larry Hagman -RRB- . Maybe it was the fact that it 's obvious that everyone involved had a blast making it . The filmakers seem well aware of how ridiculous their plot is , and they seem to revel in it . It 's refreshing to see in this day and age of over-processed Hollywood movies . `` Freak Out '' is far from perfect , but there are some genuinely funny moments , with a nice bit of b-grade gore thrown in for good measure . It 's a campy bit of fun that was an unexpected bright spot in a seemingly endless sea of boring movies i seem to be coming across lately . Not for everyone , but good for more then a few laughs .
 Bum-feelers ! That 's right , if you 're reading this right now ... you 're a bum-feeler ! By the way , while I 'm saying that I 'm laughing hysterically and pointing at you . Yeah , I know you ca n't see me , just trust me though.At its core , FREAK OUT is a heartfelt story of two best friends , Merv Doody -LRB- James Heathcote -RRB- and Onkey -LRB- Dan Palmer -RRB- , striving to make their home , the isle of Redwater Cove , a better place . No , I 'm lying . It IS about two friends named Merv and Onkey , but the story centers on their pet project of taking a hapless -LRB- and very effeminate -RRB- escaped mental patient under their wing and teaching him how to be a real serial killer . That is indeed a noble cause . The world needs more good citizens like Merv and Onkey.It 's rare that I laugh as much at a movie as I did during FREAK OUT . I think I literally busted a gut . That would certainly explain the stain on my chair . It 's so silly and so absurd , but it 's absolutely hilarious . It 's such a goofy script , yet at the same time it 's very intelligent . It 's a comical send-up of classic horror films likeThe Evil Dead , Friday the 13th , and the like . Unlike movies likeScary Movie , it 's more than just a satire , much more than just a parody . Those films make the gags the centerpiece and the plot seems more like an afterthought , while FREAK OUT uses the gags to compliment a genuinely funny storyline . So there 's plenty below the surface , and it has a much more natural flow to it . The jokes come in bunches , a lot of them random and out of nowhere , but they are n't forced down the audience 's throat . Instead , they sneak right up behind you.then smack you in the back of the head.For an independent film , the most surprising aspect for me was the fact that the acting was great ! Once I got used to the accents -LRB- most likely not a problem for those in the UK -RRB- , I was n't distracted by anyone 's performance . Heathcote and Palmer have very good onscreen chemistry -LRB- perhaps more than we realize ? -RRB- , and are quite believable as best buds . Heathcote is praiseworthy as the loveable loser , and Palmer does a first-rate job as the annoying sidekick who , more often than not , is responsible for getting them into trouble . The dialogue is all delivered with ease and director Christian James does a terrific job guiding the film from behind the camera . Lots of savvy camera work , deftly shot scenes , and solid editing make for a visually stimulating journey , and really go a long way in making you forget this is n't some big-budget production . And as much as it 's pleasing to the eye , it 's just as pleasing to the ear . Composer Stuart Fox 's work on the film is some sweet ear candy.So what have we got so far ? How about a great script , cool music , solid acting , some arse piranhas , a few zombies , plenty of horror spoofs , and a serial killer that 's a tad light in his loafers . That 's enough for me , I smell an Oscar . No wait , that 's me , I must have soiled myself during the movie . Regardless , FREAK OUT 's a winner and is destined to be a fan favorite !
 A comedy spoof of slasher movies , with a sense of humor more like what you and your lame , demented buddies share , than anything you 've ever seen in any movie before , or so I think . `` Shaun of the Dead , '' or any of the `` Scary Movie '' movies are middle America , mass appeal , Hollywood , family movies , by comparison . Freak Out is a , `` let 's get wasted and crack each other up , but then get wired for a few days and write it all down , funny/dumb , kind of story/screenplay . Very funny and original , but not for those who want , or expect same ol' , same ol' . I just saw it for sale on Amazon for $ 0.01 . That 's 1 cent , folks . I think I paid a dollar for my copy . How can you loose ? Get it cheap and bash it with a hatchet if you hate it . That 's worth a buck or 2 , ai n't it ?
 Two horror nerds cross paths with an escaped mental patient , and decide to create their own slaughter-bent psychopath . Unfortunately for the duo , their student is more interrested in Dallas reruns than homicide . Watch as they try to transform a mild mannered mental case into a slaughter driven slasher , and realize that maybe it was n't such a great idea ... I love this movie , it 's a low budget/high concept indie comedy-horror that looks as professional as an Indie film can , that actually succeeds at being funny.The 2 Disc DVD is absolutely loaded with extra features . Including some short films/music videos made for the release . The commentary tracks are almost as much fun as the movie itself , one -LRB- mostly -RRB- dedicated to the technical aspects of the film and the other featuring almost the entire cast.This wo n't scare anyone , and if you 're expecting highbrow comedy ... you 're not even in the proper hemisphere . But if you 're looking for a comedy made for horror fans , you ca n't go wrong .
 Back in 1975 if independent low-budget cult Director John Waters decided to make his followup to `` Pink Flamingos '' an overly goofy slasher film rather than `` Female Trouble '' it would have come very close to independent Director Christian James 's 2004 low-budget -LRB- soon to be -RRB- cult classic `` Freak Out '' . If you go into this film as a mainstream horror movie fan expecting a smaller budget straight to dvd film that should have made it into the theatre 's then you will be truly disappointed.If your a true horror fan & have an affinity for horror films of all budgets , shapes & sizes then you will absolutely find a place in your disturbed little heart for this very fun & witty horror comedy made on a boatload of creativity , by a few very talented horror fans & put together with chump change . It is very apparant that these cats had a blast making this movie . This is truly a blueprint for any wan na be film maker with plenty of idea 's & no money . Ed Wood would be so proud !
 Celia -LRB- Monica Keena -RRB- goes to a frat party on her 21st birthday . She has a great time right up until being drugged -LRB- which leads to a lethal O.D. -RRB- , raped , and left dead in a shower stall . Upon waking up , Celia soon realizes that nothing can / will ever be the same . LEFT IN DARKNESS is a cool little supernatural chiller w / plenty of thrills and surprises . I especially enjoyed the ghoulish `` soul eaters '' and Tim Thomerson 's -LRB- NEAR DARK , SHOCKWAVE -RRB- transformations . Lots of ghostly , ethereal stuff for all ! Watch for Patty Macormack -LRB- THE BAD SEED , MOMMY 1 and 2 , SHALLOW GROUND -RRB- as grandma ! ...
 This movie is a good horror thirller , has all the indgedients for a classic , the good girl who tradigally dies at a young age from a brutal rape after being drugged . The imagniary friend from her youth returns , but not as what you would want an imaginary friend to return as . A good feel for the purgatory world . The classic fight between good and evil for a soul . The acting is even pretty good and the casting is superb . This one is worth the money .
 I think this is a great movie and would recomend it to lovers of suspense .
 The story is really not that complicated and convoluted . A young girl meets an imaginary friend who would be there with her as she grows up . When she goes to a party at the age of 21 she is drugged , raped , and killed . But she does n't go to heaven or hell , more like a world in between -LRB- something akin to the movie Jacob 's Ladder -RRB- where there are angels and demons waiting to either help her or destroy her . What she goes through is a spirited battled with creatures that would possess the soul , ravage the soul , and enslave the soul . At first you want to tell the main character to stop running around like a chicken with a head cut off . But I digress , by the midpoint of the story , you are really drawn into the characters and the mystical and horrific world the young woman 's soul is in . While this is not a Christian film , I would have to say that there are some overtones that could be considered `` Christian '' in some sense ... such as the idea of spiritual warfare , the idea of there being demons and devils that want to tempt you , torture you , and bring you down to the ground ; while there is a LIGHT that draws you toward it -LRB- `` God '' in a sense -RRB- that wants to bring you into salvation . Again , let me reiterate , this is not a Christian movie but it does have a lot of interesting overtones that really need to be examined and considered . I really enjoyed this movie -LRB- the movie is n't perfect , but I feel sure that it should be given five stars -RRB- . I think that if you enjoy horror and if you enjoy intelligent horror even more so , then you 'd get a real pleasure out of watching this movie .
 I saw this film on the Zone Horror channel a few nights back and was pleasantly surprised at how good it actually was.Basically the plot sees a young girl - Celia -LRB- played by Monica Keenan -RRB- going to a party . There she gets slipped a date rape drug , gets raped , and dies as a result of overdosing on this drug . Coming too on another plane which is somewhere between Heaven and Hell , she is horrified to learn that she is dead . Worse this plane is full of zombie like ` Soul Eaters ' who like nothing more than to snack out on the souls of the recently deceased if they can catch them ... Among these soul eaters is the spirit of her deceased grandfather -LRB- Tim Thomerson - Near Dark , Trancers -RRB- who attempts to devour her soul by at first trying to trick her . Luckily for the deceased girl , there is a sanctuary of light created around the deceased which lasts for a few hours , and this light keeps these creatures at bay . However , the deceased can step out of it , and this light has the disconcerting habit of moving around every so often too.Also on this strange plane of existence , Celia encounters a young man -LRB- played by David Anders -RRB- who appears to be a Guardian Angel of sorts and offers her help and advice in how to deal with the immediate danger and what she should do on a more long term basis . She also meets the souls of her mother and grandmother , and both also give her advice as to what she should do.Having to make difficult and potentially damning choices , often in the heat of the moment , makes for a very difficult and dangerous experience , indeed . Just whose advice should Celia trust and are the beings that she encounters actually what they seem?This is a tense and atmospheric little film with a very unusual setting and storyline which make it quite original in fact.I actually quite enjoyed it and would recommend it to other viewers , wanting a horror film that is a little different .
 Excellent movie . If you like horror -LRB- the old-fashion type , vs. today 's drivel of mindless blood , guts and gore -RRB- and suspense , you 'll love it . Well worth a viewing .
 While this is n't a masterpiece , I had to speak up for this scrappy little flick . Real effort was put into a thought-provoking philosophical premise , and while there is unsubtle , talky exposition , there is also a lot of action . Plus if you liked watching Monica run around that Freddy film , you will be very happy . A few hard twists keep this from the cliche zone too . The loyal horror fan who is punch drunk from a thousand and one cauliflower eared cinematic palookas will shed grateful tears over this one .
 Not your typical horror flick , and that 's a good thing.I enjoyed the actors and really cared about them.The story had be hooked from the beginning and there were some creepy and scary moments . This movie also makes you think about life and death and is not one of those brainless blockbuster teen horror movies that make it to every movie screen . Instead , do some research and support independent horror movies . You 'd do yourself a favor locating this gem .
 This one is campy , funny and cute . Luana the female Tarzan character saves the animals and is the living embodiment of the Jungle itself . In reality she is a sexy , petite asian actress who does n't say a word . Pure camp and good for a laugh . I like anything that protects the animals and shows some boobies so this film is aiiiight with me .
 ... of cynical complacency and `` one-party rule '' , in a seedy small town in a turbulent province of a sprawling nation with a long history of racial violence and ethnic cleansing , in the year of a fraudulent election managed ` from the top ' , a pogrom planned and executed by local officials results in the imprisonment of a young mother on trumped-up charges . She is , of course , of the persecuted minority religion and ethnic group , who have been intimidated by decades of persecution . The ambitious local `` party boss '' has the entire corrupt police and judicial system in his pocket ; under the one-party national administration -LRB- executive , legislative & judicial -RRB- , he stands to gain by ` convicting ' whomever he can , and his methods are familiar
 I saw a viewing of this moving film at my church recently , and left feeling a combination of righteous indignation and pride . Pride that there are people out there who are still willing to fight for justice , and righteous indignation because they still have to wage this fight . The fact that there are still systems in place in this country -LRB- the US -RRB- , which is supposed to be free , to railroad people into pleading guilty to crimes which they did not commit is outrageous and sickening . This film opens your eyes , and should be shown in every church and meeting hall throughout the land , especially right before local elections !
 this movie made me cry but it is an awesome movie.nicole baharie , alfre woodard and xhibit did an awesome job acting and she 's like millions of other mothers who would fight tooth and nail to keep her kids together and safe and make the sacrifices they would have to make .
 What can we do as individuals , as concerned citizens , as people of good heart , love for God , and humane ? What is wrong with this world ? This is awful . I am truly sick really sick of this kind of `` talking out both sides of our mouths '' . Forget the environment and war . We are in war right here in America . Racism is growing and at an all time high ! Please God we pray direct us , intervene , help us , guide us , hear our plea . This has got to stop !!
 This is a movie that does not romanticize marginalization and the inherent daily struggles but depicts the reality in its true sense . How many men and women languish in our prison system not being able to have their voice be heard ! It takes guts to go against the raw injustice that sometimes seeps into our system based on the habitual way of dealing with the marginalized individuals and classes of people . If your outlook is social-justice oriented you will enjoy this movie .
 This movie was amazing and sadly this is very true . I am very happy this movie was made to show people what is going on and make them more aware .
 This movie is amazing It shows the triumphs of a young mother fighting for what she knows is right , even if it means sacrificing herself . Very inspirational and it 's also based on a true story .
 I hate it when movies tell you `` Based on a true story '' then they add in a bunch of fiction . The real life lady `` American Violet '' in this story said it is 98 % true . Whoa . I did not know those kinds of racist things were still going on so blatantly in this country . Very eye opening . I personally like the scenes in the Churches for you saw she got her overcoming strength from her faith , as she stated herself . Good acting . Totally believable throughtout -LRB- & I do n't like the ACLU much either , but I got ta admit they did a good job in this case - though I still give the real credit to the lady 's prayers , to YHWH . -RRB-
 I hate it when movies tell you `` Based on a true story '' then they add in a bunch of fiction . The real life lady `` American Violet '' in this story said it is 98 % true . Whoa . I did not know those kinds of racist things were still going on so blatantly in this country . Very eye opening . I personally like the scenes in the Churches for you saw she got her overcoming strength from her faith , as she stated herself . Good acting . Totally believable throughtout -LRB- & I do n't like the ACLU much either , but I got ta admit they did a good job in this case - though I still give the real credit to the lady 's prayers , to YHWH . -RRB-
 Love this movie . Even though it was not shown at many movie theatres across the country , I had to search and found one that was willing and showed this movie . I was glad I travelled to see it . I felt it was important for me to support this movie . I have now purchased this movie and have made this movie a part of my movie collection . This movie stirred many different emotions but I loved it . It displayed and showed the racism that still exists in this country . It is an awesome movie . I was amazed to learn that because of our unjust judicial system a great percentage of African-American take plea bargains . Astonishing but true . This film does cover meaningful territory and one that all African-American should watch . Great movie .
 THIS MOVIE IS AWESOME ! DEFINATELY WANT TO WATCH A COMEDY AFTERWARD . HOWEVER IT IS AWAKENING AND EYEOPENING !!! I OWN A HAIR SALON AND MY CLIENTS LOOOVE IT ! EVEN IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A CRIMINAL HISTORY OR PLAN TO ... LOL THIS MOVIE WILL DEFINATELY BRING OUT THE `` FIGHT FOR TRUE JUSTICE '' IN YOU !
 The movie showed well and I was pleased to finally see a representation of a piece of history because no one else seemed to be interested in seeing it at the movies.Lookie Entertainer
 this a was a great movie , although it may have been low budget -LRB- some would say cause it went straight to dvd -RRB- it was a great story . Although it was based on a true story , it was touching how Dee went through that whole ordeal . I loved how she kept it together for her children and also how she was holding it together for others that were in the same situation as her . Great Great story , a must watch by all .
 Excellent film ! I wish it would 've received more attention . Very scary to think that certain hateful individuals hold so much power in one town .
 This is a good movie in the message that it gives and as in other cities , Toledo is in need of positive messages to either help someone whom seem to need help or to encourage others that may be in the same situation .
 There was almost no time while watching this movie that I did not feel rage , that I did not feel anabiding hatred for the State of Texas and its cowboy attitude of justice . I know that this is not theonly State is which this can happen , but why is it always happening in Texas ? The only reason why Ido n't beg the State of Texas to secede is because there are a lot of good people in the State who wouldhave even less protection should that happen.What does it take to get rid of the rotten element that is so prominent in that state ?
 I wonder if Trinnie Dalton -LRB- Amazon review -RRB- and I watched the same film . Sure there was a rawness and it was not entirely ` polished ' but if this film is and was based on a true story of Texas/US in the year 2000 , then you really wonder about values and the irony of the US pursuing ` freedom ' for nations around the globe when basic freedom and justice were being abandoned back home . The film footnotes said the DA was subsequently reelected ! Not Erin Brokovich but Nicole Beharie was superb and the story very powerful , a really great film .
 Outstanding dramatisation of some shocking events in Hearne , Texas . The hypocrisy of the Texas legal system is exposed ; because the District Attorney of Hearne , Texas , John Paschall -LRB- Google this thing -RRB- made a deal in Federal Court and saved his skin we have to do a dramatisation . `` The DA decides who gets arrested , the police go get them , and the Judge puts them away ... '' Should be shown to eveeryone in Britain who thinks we should elect Law officers and make them respond to public appetites . Ugh ...
 An excellent movie and a must see ; It was not only influential but also eye-opening . Based on a true story , we can come to realize how corrupt some of our more powerful figures can get . The film keeps you thinking throughout and may also change a little about your perspectives on the legal system and stereotyping . Typically , I do not buy movies but renting and watching them is simply enough for me . I do plan to pass this film around to friends/family to review .
 Thanks for making sure I got my dvd fast , I put it in one day the next 2 days they sent this cd to me Thanks
 Want to know what kind of a corrupt police state America has descended into ? What this & weep . This is only the tip of the iceberg !
 I was very pleased with this purchase . It was delivered in a timely fashion .
 arrived when promised in good condition . Have not seen yet but the disc looks good .
 HAVE BEEN TRYING TO GET THIS VIDEO FOR AWHILE . IT WAS NOT PLAYED IN TYLER , TEXAS . LEARED ABOUT IT BY READING THE BRYAN EAGLE AND MY OLD DIRECTOR OF THE ROBERTSON COUNTY ADULT PROBATION IN FRANKLIN , TEXAS SENT ME A COPY BY MAIL OF THE MOVIE BEING PLAYED IN HEARNE TX . AT THE TIME OF THE RAID , WAS THE DEPARTMENT SUPERVISOR OF THE ADULT PROBATION DEPARTMENT , SO WAS INVOLVED IN ALL COURT ACTIVITY . WILL HAVE A PARTY WHEN OUR OLD FRIENDS VISIT FROM ROBERTSON COUNTY . WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO SEEING THE MOVIE ON THE BIG SCREEN . . ANXIOUS TO SEE IF THE APO IS INCLUDED IN THE MOVIE . THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY IN ROBERTSON COUNTY IS PROBABLY IN THE TOP TEN OF ANYONE I KNOW , THE STATE OF TEXAS IS A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE BECAUSE OF HIM . PLEASE MAIL THE VIDEO , DO N'T FORGET , THAT I MAY BE A CHACTER IN THE MOVIE ... I WILL BE ASKING FOR AUTOGRAPHS ... THANKS , TJM
 Seen a viewing of ` AMERICAN VIOLET ' recently . . And I had mixed emotions
 This is quite simply the most moving and powerful film I 've seen this year . In fact , the film had me from the opening credits , where scenes of a young black mother getting her kids up out of bed and ready for the day are juxtaposed with scenes of police getting their armaments ready for an assault on a government housing project . `` American Violet '' is based on a true story , and while the film makers combined some characters and condensed the passage of time for dramatic purposes , the key events of the film are as they happened in real life.It 's just another day in Bush Texas , where counties were given government money for making drug convictions . Worse , citizens could be accused and arrested based on the testimony of a single informant , in this case a young paranoid schizophrenic whose testimony would never hold up in court.How then did the government prevail in these cases ? By offering suspects a plea bargain
 I seen this movie in the theathers and I cried so much , The movie was great , the actors were very good too . This is a true story that needed to be told . I will buy this on Blu ray when it comes out .
 One minute Dee Roberts -LRB- Nicole Beharie -RRB- is making an honest living as a waitress and sharing her dreams with a customer and soon after she 's snatched away by police . Her four daughters go without their mother for twenty-one days while she spends time in jail for a crime she did not commit.Dee lives in Melody , TX . The police have been raiding her community of Arlington Springs since she was a child , terrorizing less fortunate people of color and her so-called lawyer wants her to become one of many affected by plea bargains . Dee could have been like those who pleaded guilty under duress , but it was the love she had for her own children that gave her the courage to make a difficult choice . She decided to help ACLU lawyers David Cohen and Bryon Hill and a lawyer who resided in Melody , TX , Sam Conroy -LRB- Will Patton -RRB- , fight to make things right . Dee was advised against taking a stand and , yes , she was afraid at times but she had the support of people close to her and she took her problems to Jesus.When I heard about this film months ago I believe it only played in select theaters so I did n't get to see it . I was glad to come across it on dvd . Like most movies dealing with racial discrimination , parts of this movie irritated me but I did like American Violet . `` After what they did to me , mama , they made it my business ! '' - I liked that line . And the words confidential informant Porter -LRB- Anthony Mackie -RRB- spoke at the end of the pre-trail deposition - deep.American Violet is based on a true story and I applaud Regina Kelly for her courage .
 I rented this unknown film in Blu-ray from Blockbuster because of the cast
 This well-acted and very moving movie is based on a true story of a district attorney and police force that misused the judicial system . It is a story that everyone should know . It occurred in a Texas county that followed the rules that existed throughout the state in the year 2000 . The rules allowed police to arrest and indict a person if just one individual claimed , without proof , that the person committed a crime . The DA and police wanted to arrest as many people as possible because counties with high conviction rates - and conviction rates include guilty pleas - receive large amounts of Federal money . So prosecutors threaten innocent people with large jail sentences , as much as twenty years ; but , they say , if you plead guilty , we will give you a suspended sentence . The plea agreement gets money for the county , but it makes the innocent pleader a felon , unable to vote or find a job , get welfare , housing , and medicines , among many other problems.This film tells the story of such an innocent victim who was identified as a drug dealer because the informant was told to identify her by his cousin who hated her . She suffered greatly . She was offered a plea or twenty years in jail . She refused because she was innocent and she knew what would happen to her if she became a felon . She spent twenty one days in jail until her poor mother could raise bail . The father of her children demanded custody , although he lived with a child molester , the woman who incited her arrest . She was fired from her job . No one would hire her.But then David Cohen of the ACLU came and asked her to file suit against the DA and the police to change the system . He was helped by a black ACLU attorney and a white local lawyer with a guilty conscience and a sick wife , who had to continue to live in the town that he was suing.The US has the world 's largest prison population , and of the 2.3 million prisoners , more than 90 percent accepted guilty pleas .
 Hey well you can laugh all day long at the many police brutality videos that Houston cranks out about every other month -LRB- I just saw a new one of a guy in handcuffs being walked to the car getting punched in the face -RRB- , but if its like that in the most advanced and developed city in the state ; can you imagine what is going on in places like Jasper , Magnolia , and all the countless other small towns ? Would you bet the life of a loved one that the people are interfacing with that blindfolded white girl with the balance beam in her hands , `` Blind Justice '' ? Step 1 - Tag all minorities with Felonies . Step 2-Disqualify minority votes Step 3-At election time make Texas turn Red . Step 4-Pass genocidal laws . Step 5-Repeat , Repeat , Repeat . Very good movie .
 This was an incredibly good movie . The only problem about it is almost nothing in the film surprised me , even though it was based on a true story , which is even sadder . What did surprise me is the statistic about 90 % of people taking a plea bargain to avoid going to prison . I did n't know the number was that high nor did I know about how that would affect other living expenses for low-income households . I was n't familiar with Nicole Beharie , but she did an excellent job alongside veteran actress Alfre Woodard . The lady who played the sex offender girlfriend played her role to a tea , too , and Xzibit continues to impress me as a rapper-actor . He stands out as one of those musicians who actually is trying to perfect his craft . Great job , great story , and the film did n't last long enough . I wanted more .
 I am shocked at the crummy review Amazon.com gave this movie . Ridiculous!This is an important movie . We must straighten out our legal system . Here is a quote from the end of the movie : The U.S. has the largest prison population . Of the 2.3 million currently in prison , more than 90 % accepted plea bargains . Recently , I saw the movie `` Convicted , '' which was another movie based on a true story about a wrongful , unlawful conviction . And I also read John Grisham 's latest novel , `` The Confession , '' which is another gripping story about a wrongful conviction , and how the police can coerce confessions.Both John Grisham and Scott Turow , who are bestselling legal thriller novelists -LRB- and attorneys -RRB- have each written a non-fiction book about wrongful convictions and the death penalty ... and they both belong to a group called the Innocence Project , which works to free innocent inmates who have been wrongfully imprisoned.Also , there is a Oct. 2010 book called `` Texas Tough
 Taking on the subtleties of modern discriminationI half expected a made-for-TV story with `` American Violet , '' but found a surprisingly taut , nuanced and well-acted film about a biased justice system in Texas . Dee Dee Brown , single mother of 4 young girls , is caught up in a narcotics raid on her project . The local DA is more than willing to cut a deal with her . Her choice
 AMERICAN VIOLET conveys a recent true-life episode of racial discrimination / profiling with amazing realism and immediacy . Nicole Beharie steals the show as Dee Roberts , not an easy feat when all the other actors play their roles so well . Fine acting , wonderful filming , taut , focused storyline
 Excellent insights . Provided excellent insights in areas of American social problems . Recommended to friends and purchased copies for friends for presents .
 Good movie ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ Two thumbs up !
 This is a great movie and I would recommend that you add it to your dvd collection . It shows just how a single mother stood up to the law when she was wrongfully accused of selling drugs . She put everything on the line including risking the fact of losing her kids to prove her innocence . LOVED IT !
 It 's a shame that great films like this slip through the cracks . I had some friends over the other night to watch it and none of them had even heard of this film but they all loved it . I also learned so many facts about the justice system that I would have otherwise never known . It made me angry , yet informed . The lead actress did a great job !
 The movie `` African Violet '' offers great insight into how minority and low income populations are vulnerable to being unjustly incarcerated . May all of us interested in criminal justice , public safety , and constitutional rights keep their eyes wide open when electing public officials , especially district attorneys , who claim to uphold these values .
 I purchased this dvd without knowing any of the back story , but the film provided a great history of the problem at hand . I enjoyed the story line although the acting was n't the best and some of the scenes appeared to be out of order . American Violet could be useful in classrooms to portray the injustice that can happen in the realm of the legal system . This film also shows the importance of Civil Liberties organizations . Watch this film to see the heart wrenching story that unfolds and how sometimes even the justice system has to be corrected .
 i was extremely hesitant to order stuff online and this was one of three orders i placed on amazon for new dvds the night i placed an online order for the first time and i was EXTREMELY satacfied . my order came before the date i was told and it was still in the wrapping just as specified ... thank you for a good first experience with online ordering !!!
 This movie kept us intrigued the entire hour and fifty minutes . I can not believe that this movie did not receive more hype . I thoroughly enjoyed this film especially because it was based on a true story !
 It is difficult to believe that this level of stupidity still exsists in the country but I guess it does ... You have to admire the grit of the main character is this movie . 4 kids , barely getting by and sucked into a drug raid by one unsavory `` witness '' She fought the law and the law didnt win , She refused to take a plea bargain that was a lie and she risked her freedom and her children to do it.Im not usually a huge fan of the ACLU , in their defense of child molestors , but this is the type of case they should fight ! This movie kept me engaged the whole time and I wanted her to win .
 Daily Variety , LA Times , Hollywood Reporter and others all give `` corked ! '' great reviews , but my favorite is this one from Bay area movie critic David Templeton : A Vine FrenzyBy David TempletonUproarious mockumentary ` Corked ' premieres at SVFFWinery owners are rich , self-important snobs with no established connection to reality . They hire relatives to run their wineries whether those relatives know anything about wine or not . Wine country tourists are boorish inebriates who think grape-picking is glamorous . Wine-industry marketing executives think that successful winemaking is all about sitting down and thinking up advertising ideas . Wine country fundraisers boast idiotic slogans like `` Helping Africa has never tasted so good . '' Vineyard managers are potentially psychotic . Winery managers are clueless and high-strung . Ostriches , and other colorfully ill-advised winery attractions , pretty much bite.Please calm down . These are not accusations . They are plot points.In the hilarious new mockumentary Corked , made by Sonoma County wine-industry insiders , nothing and no one is spared from the razor-sharp , brilliantly knowing gaze of the camera . Imagine Waiting for Guffman set among sun-drenched vineyards , atmospheric wine caves and million-dollar tasting rooms . Throw in an obsessive-compulsive winemaker , some rude tourists , a number of billionaires , the de rigueur crazy people , a few loud explosions , one or two mobsters , some epic wine spitting and those damned ostriches , and you have Corked , written and directed by Healdsburg 's Ross Clendenen and Paul Hawley -LRB- a tasting room `` ambassador '' for Bella Vineyards , and the son of legendary Sonoma County winemaker John Hawley , respectively -RRB- . The film , shot in Sonoma County during the 2005 harvest and edited over a long three-year process rife with its own drama and comedy , has its world premiere next weekend at the cozily wine-centric 2008 Sonoma Valley Film Festival , running April 9-13 . The filmmakers and much of the cast will be in attendance . `` Most people at the festival are going to love the movie , '' says Clendenen , a Healdsburg High School graduate who studied film in Southern California before returning to Sonoma to pursue his dual passions . `` And one or two other people , '' he adds with a laugh , `` are going to be offended -- maybe more than one or two . `` Scheduled for the festival 's popular lounge venue ensconced within the Sonoma Community Center , Clendenen and Hawley 's fast-paced satirical comedy is expected to be one at the hits of this year 's festival , precisely because it might offend a few people . `` As critical and satirical as we are with all of this stuff , '' Clendenen says , `` there 's a lot of affection in the film , too . We love this business . We wanted to show as much of the actual process of winemaking as we can , in a relatively realistic way , while poking fun at the craziness and outrageousness that sometimes occurs . `` With a budget equal to the cost of `` a pretty good new car , '' Clendenen says that he and Hawley , along with producer Brian Hoffman , set out to make a film that did n't look low-budget . The filmmakers began with a large , detailed script that contained an extremely large plot . `` It was like the Lawrence of Arabia of mockumentaries , '' he laughs . `` But then we ended up just focusing on our favorite parts and letting our actors improvise a whole lot , and that became the film . In the end , we just fell back on the script when the improvs were n't working , which was n't very often . `` The film focuses on four wineries located in the Dry Creek region of Sonoma County , various characters competing for the all-important approval of a high-powered wine critic and for a first-place trophy in the fictional Golden Harvest Award festivities . Petaluma actor Jeffrey Weissman -- known to local theatergoers and anyone who 's seen the films Pale Rider , Back to the Future II and III , Twilight Zone
 The conclusion of one of the best animes i 've seen in a while , the story is awesome , the battles are absolutely stunning and it has really good animation just go but it now .
 Beleive Or Not Growing up & watching Toonami , Gundam Wing was the show that introduced my brother & I to the Gundam franchise , and look at us now !! We know almost everything about the sereis ! I thought that human beings piloting giant coolest looking -LRB- EVER -RRB- robots was the coolest thing i 've ever seen ! Now Gundam Wing was always appealing to me , most notably for the gundams and their designs . Wing Zero was always to me the best looking one , with the strongest weapon -LRB- Twin Buster Rifle -RRB- that produces a shot powreful enough to destroy a whole colony . Deathsythe , comes in second , with it 's stealth abilities , and those wings were the bomb growning up , and the sythe with the green laser blade just added to it all . Shenlong Gundam , was eye candy for sure with thoses loud colors , and the dragon arm extending things , those were cool . Heavy Arms , was always badass , because people gave that thing the nick name of `` Weapon Of Mass Destruction '' Because of it 's huge arsenal of fire power at it 's disposal , most notably the double gattling gun it carries on its right arm . Sandrock was ... ok . It killed alot of enemy mobile suits . Now to the characters.Herro Yui , 15 years old , The boy from space . Herro came off to me as one of the coolest characters i 've seen seince DBZ 's Goku . He was the strongest of course , and did what HE wanted to do , and always got the job done.Duo Maxwell , also 15 , the self proclaimed `` God Of Death '' , that guy was always on my favorate anime character list . Duo was always the fiesty one , and was pretty handy in a mobile suit.Wufei Chang , the martial arts master , age 16 . Wufei was ok , but the guy always seemed to have a chip on his shoulder what with all the rivals and crap.Trowa Barton the nameless soilder , age 16 , Never really spoke so I do n't know what really to say about him ... He 's ok.Quatre Wababa Winner , The Arab pasifist , age 15 , Quatre was pretty laid back , though he was laways there when his freinds needed him , and do n't let his Pasifist life style fool you , this kid has the skills to take out a wave of Enemy mobile suits by himself , and not give a care who you were with , as long as it contributed to peace , he was the one to do it.Overall Gundam Wing For me opened the door to the gundam sereies forever making me a fan ... and taking my hard earned cash . 5/5 !!
 The episodes all played just fine , but something is wrong with the disks themselves -LRB- bent or warped or something -RRB- . They will not play in my computer and will cause the DVD player to sound like a lawn mower at certain times . Still watchable on a DVD player and a good purchase , just annoying that the disks are bent/warped and will not play on my computer .
 This is not just a copy of the original Mobile Suit Gundam . I own that entire show so I know what I am talking about . It is more like a rewriting than a remake as it features a completely new cast of characters in a similar but very different storyline . I especially like the fact that the viewer can wind up supporting either side in this show . It actually reminds me sometimes of Martian Successor Nadesico . The hero faces great personal conflict , as do the antagonists . The mobile suits are also excelently designed . Kunio Okawara designed all the mobile suits in the Universal Century -LRB- original -RRB- timeline , and was at least responsible for the `` original concept '' of every other MS in the other series and he can still manage to create original machines . I highly recomend this show to anyone .
 Being new to the anime scene this was the first anime I ever bought , and I must say I am thoughoughly impressed . I 've since bought volumes 2 and 3 and have plans to buy the rest , in increments . Great series ! My only suggestion is , go buy the series Gundamn Seed first , as there are events that Destiny refers to that might confuse you if you had not seen the series before .
 This is an amazing series , far superior to the first . This time better more rounded characters are introduced and existing characters are explored . Starting with the tragedy at Orb , a young boy is thrust into a war that takes a swift and savage momentum , a war of mobile suits , gigantic battle fleets and tested relationships . The Japanese soundtrack really nails each character from the often clumsey Arthur to the slightly mad Shinn the voices perfectly encapsulate the persona of each character . However the English dub is terrible . Most of the characters sound like they 're 12 and just thats the older ones . The dialoge written for the english cast struggles to match the original dialogue and some voice choices seem terrible as characters like stellar , Auel , Arthur , shinn , and many more seem to be lacking in effort . It may be that the dub was rushed or the acting quality available was poor , but this really does let down the animation.In conclusion this is a great series to watch if you watch it as it was origionaly broadcast . Animes like Love hina , and Full metal panic managed to capture the characters realy well with their English dub the same saldy can not be said for Gundam seed Destiny .
 When I first saw this volume of the show , I was lost for words . There is almost nothing that I can criticize about it.On a scale of 1 to 10 : Animation
 Personally I thought this particular anime was absolutely fantastic , the best of the Gundam series of shows if you ask me , although I ca n't claim to have seen all of them . But I feel there are some things you should know before buying this and those are : a -RRB- Do n't bother watching the preview at the end of the episodes , they take away from the show as a whole.b -RRB- always watch the retrospective at the beginning , at least enough to tell if it 's just a `` this happened last time , let 's go ! '' or if it 's actually part of the new episode.c -RRB- do n't start watching if you have something important to do very soon . They do an excellent job of making the end of each episode make you want , nay , need to watch the next one . Not that this is a bad thing , just something to be aware of ... d -RRB- Somewhat related , I seem to lose track of time while watching , I tend to get the `` one more episode '' syndrome -LRB- kind of like `` one more turn '' syndrome if you 've ever played Civilization -RRB- . I 've gone through the series twice in full and several times starting somewhere in the middle and every time I find myself sitting down saying `` Oh , I 'll just watch a few episodes ... '' However , two discs later , `` Oh , darn , I spent HOW LONG watching ?! `` So I would highly recomend you pick up Gundam SEED but just remember , if you pick this one up , you WILL end up with the entire series . However , you will end up with one of the best animes I have ever run into .
 One word
 I have NEVER seen Gundam Seed Destiny until now . So pretty much , I 'm a first timer . According to what I 'm hearing from friends and critics like you , Destiny has a love hate reputation -LRB- SEED in general , actually -RRB- among Gundam junkies . Some say it 's just good all-around , including the story and the characters . Some say it copies Zeta Gundam and that it is n't very interesting at all . Based on what I 've seen on the first volume , the story is deep and engaging . Just like the original SEED and the other original Gundams , except for G and Wing , it showcases the harsh realities of war and the hardships of maintaing freedom and peace in the universe . So far , I 'm impressed with Destiny!I have yet to see what the flaws are on this series overall . I did notice that it does mimic Zeta Gundam . The only flaw I can name right now , are the same horrible english voices featured on the first Gundam Seed . I personally hated Kira 's english voice with a passion . What the heck am I saying ? I hated all of the english voices featured in this anime , period ! If you 're looking for an anime with a good English dub , check out Cowboy Bebop!As for the box , I 'm quite pleased with the way it looks . The design is neat , and the idea of a magnetic seal to protect the content from being damaged , is not half bad at all . And plus , it 's cool to look at . You 'll know what I mean , once you unfold it . The design is original , but there 's only one problem with the box , and it does n't take a rocket scientist to realize what the problem is . This box only holds six volumes of the series . Seriously , I do n't know what the heck Bandai was thinking while they were making this box . But it seemed to me that they were just focusing on the design of the box , and never thought of putting more slots for the other four volumes . Instead of 10 slots , we get six.Unless Bandai either ... a -RRB- ... release a second collectors box for the other volumes , which would be just plain ludicrous -LRB- more likely to happen -RRB- ... b -RRB- ... put more episodes on the next volumes , rather than putting five episodes per DVD or ... c -RRB- ... just like the individually released Zeta Gundam DVD releases , put two discs on one single case ... this box is somewhat a disappointment . It would be a damn shame if they did stop at 30 episodes or have us collect another box . It would 've gotten five stars if they had stuck with the basic concept from the original Gundam Seed Limited Edition Box . It 's cool that we have a foldable art box with hidden magnets to keep the box closed . Not to mention , a soundtrack with a fair amount of good songs featured in the anime . But I know Bandai could do better than that ! However I would n't be surprised if they did Option A -LRB- look above -RRB- . I mean , after all an extra box is needed for the other volumes . It would n't make any sense if they just made one box especially for the six volumes.I 'm very sure I 'll be impressed with the series as a whole . I 'm already into it ! But like I said , I have yet to see what the flaws are on this series . Gundam SEED , to me , was a masterpiece . I have high expectations on Destiny . That does sound biased , but I 'm just loving this series overall.Hope this helps ...
 Fans of the Gundam Seed series will be happy to know that the sequel to the popular series has finally made it arrival here in the US . First , a review of the actual anime :1 - This DVD contains the first five episodes and is quite frankly some of the best episodes of this series . The animation is nicely drawn , the colors are sharp , vivid , and the details is crisp and clean . The Japanese VA 's sound perfect with the characters they portray , their emotions are conveyed very well and believable . The English dubbing , done by Ocean Group , actually was n't all that terrible . After listing to the amateur acting of the first season , I 'm happy to report that the English VA 's seem to have improved when portraying their respected characters . Grade A2 - The menu puts you in the pilot 's seat of a mobile suit , allowing you to interact with various cockpit controls and panels , switching from the main menu to the extras . This seems typical of some of the previous Gundam series that 's been released by Bandai in the past . The main menu features some nice video clips playing inside a display screen while music plays in the background . The only DVD extra is a textless opening video , which plays one of my favorite songs by TM Revolution . Grade A +3 - The main extra for this box set is the soundtrack CD which includes song sung by the six of the eight artists who did the opening and endings song for the series , T.M. Revolution , High and Mighty Color , Hitomi Takahashi , Chemistry , Nami Tamaki , Rie Fu . This is cool addition to have , unless you already own the CD . Grade A4 - Finally , the art box that comes included with the first volume , which is suppose to hold six standard DVD cases , is very cool in design . It can unfold completely and lie flat and magnets hidden inside keeps the flaps in place when the box is folded up.The artbox features some of the best artwork I 've seen . With images of the Impulse and Chaos Gundam posing . The box itself is made from sturdy card board , but tends to be flimsy when empty . Grade A.Overall , this is an excellent start for a relatively decent series . Definitely worth spending extra just to get your hands on the artbox and the CD .
 Mobile Suit Gundam SEED is currently one of the most popular anime series both in Japan and around the world , with the sequal - Gundam SEED Destiny currently airing in Japan . However , the series has recieved mixed critical reviews , and I hope to reconcile them , and give you a clear picture of the quality of the show.Firstly , I do recommend this show highly to young otakus , who as a rule have enjoyed fairly mainstream anime . SEED has a good , straitforward story which serves as a good introduction into the Gundam franchise . Animation quality and detail may be lacking , but it makes up for it with a very modern , flashy and contemporay style that many find appealing . It also boasts a if not wonderful , quite enjoyable musical score . Plenty of action , a little bit character development , and just enough plot . Gundam SEED will keep you interested , while not gaining any great depth . All in all it is enjoyable , but not intellectually stimulating.The lack of depth has brought much criticism down on Gundam SEED , especially when compared to older Gundam works . Like many of the AUs , it has trouble measuring up against the UC universe , and sufferes from some of the same problems G Gundam , Gundam W , and Gundam X had in this regard . I still suggest this series even to a hardcore mecha fan , if they are looking for something enjoyable , but unchallenging . If you have not seen the rest of the Gundam franchise , or some of the other classic mecha shows , you may want to first spend your money elsewhere , then take a look at this series later.As a last note of advice , try to avoid the words of both fanatic SEED fanboys/girls and diehard UC elitists when judging a series ; they both look at the series in a slanted , heavily biased way . I
 I waited a long time to watch this series . When I finally made the leap , I was glad I did . There is lots of mecha action :-RRB- , and the characters are believable . My first Gundam series was Gundam SeedMobile Suit Gundam SEED Anime Legends Collection 1 , and the characters , storylines and mecha compare favorably between the two series . If you have n't seen either of these series , and you love mecha , check 'em out . Make sure that you watchMobile Suit Gundam Wing - Complete Collection 1first , then after you watch this Collection , watchGundam Wing the Movie - Endless Waltz -LRB- Special Edition -RRB- You wo n't be sorry ! ^_^
 Gundam Seed is very much in the spirit of gundam wing and it is magnificent ! All the earmarks of the main characters and how they came about in gundam wing , its beautiful and the music is the best to match ! It get 's my heart pumping when the show starts , the only show i wan na truely see on saturday lineup on cartoon network . Call it a hook , line and sinker for me . If you find a kira yamato doll let me know , i 'll be hugging it all day :--RRB- -LRB- Kira all to myself , yes im wierd . -RRB- I am interested to know how and when they did the engineering on humans . I hope it comes up in gundam seed or another series of gundam .
 I first saw this series on the Internet from a website that does fansubs . I had high expectations for it due to my previous viewings of Gundam stories like War in the Pocket , Stardust Memories , 8th MS Team and of course the original movies introducing Amuro Rey and Cassoval Daikun -LRB- a.k.a. Char Aznable -RRB- . I know that within the anime world , storylines can be re-done repeatedly . Some Japanese directors seem to have a penchant for refinement . Gundam Seed , I think , does loosely classify as a re-make of the original series . . but , man , what a re-make ! The story is ALWAYS the biggest lure for me along with serious character development . Gundam Seed has both . Add to that combination the highly refined mobile suits with Phase Shift armor and you have a dynamic new twist for the technology element of the war . Besides all of that , when you step away from the screen , Gundam Seed really is animation for the thinking viewer . Hey , say what you want , but genetic manipulation is much closer than we think ! Some of the huge social implications of that ` biological ' technology could very well occur in a similar fashion . If you 've never given anime its due , take a chance with this one . Gundam Seed does not disappoint .
 I have seen most of the Gundam series form the original up to SEED . As with all Gundam series , the story starts out as average at best but it quickly turns into what I have heard `` one of the best anime series of all time '' . As with most non-Universal Century Gundam series , the primary focus of SEED is bringing peace to the universe . However , in this series several of the growing concerns that we have now are brought to the forefront . With the primary conflicts for the series being the war between naturals and coordinators -LRB- genetically engineered humans -RRB- , as well as the use of weapons of mass destruction , SEED is indeed the Gundam series for the new millennium.Gundam SEED is extremely well animated with a visual style slightly different from any other Gundam series that I have ever seen . For many of the space and ship sequences computer generated animation is used instead of typical drawn animation . This style is new and takes a few episodes to get used to . I get the feeling that this was an experimental idea that is still being worked out . I would expect that CG animation will be used more often in Gundam series and indeed in Gundam SEED 2 which should be released in Japan later on this year .
 Relena and Heero have come aboard the Libra to convince Zechs to stop his insanity , but he 's not hearing it . Treize and his army have come asking for a one on one duel , but Zechs declines . The Libra and Peacemillion are about to collide , and the collision will destroy Earth . The Gundam pilots have to stop the catastrophe.Many of the Gunadam series have a very similar plot . What distinguishes them from each other is the character development . Gundam Wing has a lot of potential , but falls short of greatness . There are some awesome battles and plot twists , but the characters are very boring and one dimensional . The voice acting is bad too , which does n't help . This is a really good anime despite these things . I like the plot and the action can get pretty intense . If you like Gundam , then you will probably enjoy this , even though it 's one of the weakest Gundam 's ever made .
 The first thing that struck me was the strange and interesting box for the series . It folds out flat and has slots for six DVD 's . That 's the weird part - this series is supposed to be 50 episodes long , with a 45 min OVA . How is that supposed to fit 6 DVD 's and the first one only has five episodes on it ? Anyways , the box is nice and sturdy and has great art work on the outside and on the inside.The CD was a bit of a disappointment , though the songs are great , it only has six of the ten or more openings and endings along with a good 5 or 6 insert songs.Now on to the episodes . The very first scene is one of the best opening scenes I 've seen . Shin Asuka and his family are trying to evacuate the main island of Orb while a battle is going on around them . A shell from one of the flying mobile suits explodes on top of Shin 's family . He survives because he gets back his sister 's dropped cell phone . The scene definitly left an impression on me , in fact I was actually stunned for a moment -LRB- especially after seeing the results of the blast -RRB- . This sets up some great action sequences as Shin ends up becoming a soldier and helps with Zaft 's new top secret Gundams . After a couple of earth forces soldiers steals the new Gundams , Shin and a team of elite Zaft soldiers have to go after them . On top of that , Orb 's princess , Cagalli Ula Atha and the Zaft chairman , Dullindal -LRB- the English dub pronounce it Durindal -RRB- end up in the crosshairs.The action is fierce and heavy along with some great dialogue in between , that makes gundam Seed Destiny look like its going to be a promising series . The voice actors are great , i especially like Lunameria 's English VA , she gives the character some added spunk.I give the DVD 5 stars . The five episodes are almost nonstop action and has a super-speed pace that left my head spinning for a bit.The box is great design , yet only has six slots I hope they wo n't stop at episode 30 ... so the box gets 4 stars.The CD has great J-pop songs but only has 6 of the many that included in the soundtrack -LRB- Gundam Seed Destiny Greatest Hits . It gets 3 1/2 stars.Over all I thought that Bandai did a great job in producing the english version of GSD , but because the box is a little suspect and the CD does not have a great amount of songs on it the grade is 4 stars . Otherwise id give it a 5 star rating .
 For about a year I have heard people say that seed is a rip of the U.C. timeline ... WHO CARES !! I have seen all of the episodes of Mobile Suit Gundam and I own ALL of
 My best japanese anime I had watched so far . Those who do not like this anime because they viewed them in English version . The Chinese and Japanese version really expressed the feelings , emotions ... of the characters . They put in tremendous effort ... developing the theme , songs , symphony ... Try the Japanese and Chinese . You will definitely understand better and appreciate better . But of course you need to understand the languages first .
 It 's a really good cartoon , I would say it fits with the other Gundam series shows . I love every episode on the dvd and ca n't wait to get the rest .
 This series rocks !! I love gundam SEED soooooooo much ! You really get into it!Trust me on this one . I 'm currently collecting the whole series !!! It 's the best gundam series ive ever seen in my life ! The artwork is gorgeous ! I LOVE IT ALL !!! I 'm a girl and I love it ! WOO-HOO ! - Mew Kiki
 I remember watching Mobile Suit Gundam 0079 or to you other people as `` The Original Gundam '' . Then I watched 0083 : Stardust Memory , 0080 : War in the Pocket , and 8th Mobile Suit team and parts of F91.Then came along this bishonen stuff known as Gundam Wing . Teens with power and anti-social behavior . Not one mentally unstable kid/teen with a Gundam as usual , but multiplied times 5 ! Gundam Seed , I 've only seen volume 1 , butEarth is Earth as usualZAFT = ZeonCoordinator = NewtypeKira = Amuro Reythrow in a crew of cadets/conscripted children , and you got drama!Well , it is a good looking series , its like a car , the newest model . Looking at all the other Gundam series whether A.C. , U.C. , etc. this works because it takes from the past mistakes and influences , and has presented it very well . Gundam has always been there to tell the drama/tale of youth in war , but after seeing so much , Gundam is just too damn melodramatic for me -LRB- directing to see the emotional states of people -RRB- . I only watched for the mecha , but Mobile Suit based weapons are just cumbersome large targets.The future of weaponry is more compact , not overtly and intimidatingly large . If you 're looking for the usual Gundam , this is a great choice to introduce others to ; please remember that its been done before and it celebrates Gundam 's 25th Anniversary -LRB- 2005 -RRB- I believe as another reincarnation and the milking of this series ' name . If you 're looking for good , more sensible mecha , check out Macross Plus , Ghost in the Shell , Gasaraki .
 This anime is the second best ever.Gundam SEED DESTINY is out and it really ownz everything.But of course without Gundam Seed its nothing so ... buy this !!
 This is the most perfect thing for a gundam seed fan . If you are a gundam seed fan like me this is a must-have . It comes with the first dvd a box so when you collect all the dvds ypu can put them in it and it comes with the soundtrack . It might not be so exciting for the people who dont like japaneese music but i love it .
 I have been a gundam fan for years I first started out with Gundam Wing and found myself searching for various other gundam titles . What i liked most about gundam seed is the artists evolution of the gundam series . no longer are gundams invulnerable to attacks but they take damage unlike gundam wing , no longer is the protagonist a strong steroid enhanced muscle with no fear of danger of his life . Gundam seed pushes further down showing the true feelings and motives for a pilot of a gundam . And for the first time we are able to see the pilot get a girl , no not just by using our imagination . to me that is a great improvement . True gundam fans realize that this nature is new and refreshing , rookies need to dig deeper and do their homework .
 Gundam Seed is possibly the best Anime I have ever seen . The entire volume lasts for only 50 episodes , because of this the series moves pretty fast . The series , like all other Gundam series , show two diff . people with diff . values fighting . The real origin of the war is never revealed , or who started it . It show a young man , Kira Yamato , being forced to fight for the Earth forces in order to protect his friends . But he is a coordinator -LRB- the Earth forces enemy -RRB- . Coordinators are genetically engineered people with inhanced mental and phtsical abbilities . As fate would have it , wiht him allying with the Earth forces , he is forced to fight about his childhood friend , who is with the Coordinators forces , Z.A.F.T. Because of this Kira is torn between being a traitor to his own , and being viewed as an enemy by those he is allied with . Note , the English voice astors really suck , they take away from the intensisty of the show . Stick to watching it in Japanese and reading suptitles .
 Gundam Seed Destiny is mainly more of the same from Gundam Seed , so fans of Gundam Seed are almost guaranteed to enjoy it . Everything you 've come to expect is here , including endearing characters , a worthwhile plot , and more flashy mecha action than you can shake a stick at.Some criticisms have been leveled at this series , but their validity depends on how critical you are . It 's true that recycled footage is a bit of a problem in this series , but the severity of this problem has been overstated . You 'll come to recognize the stock footage that is used pretty quickly , but most battles also have plenty of new footage to keep them interesting , and to be fair , even the stock footage is frequently dressed or changed up enough that it is n't exactly the same every time . To say that you 're `` watching the same battle over and over again '' is an overstatement.The same is true for flashbacks . In a series that is 50 episodes long , only a couple of episodes are dedicated exclusively to recapping , and flashbacks are sprinkled at intervals through the remaining episodes - but I personally never found their use to be excessive enough to truly irritate me . Besides , this is not a problem exclusive to Gundam Seed Destiny . Anime is notoriously low budget and shortcuts like recycled footage and use of flashbacks are common ways to get around that limitation . A true hardcore anime fan will probably not be surprised by the use of these techniques in this series , nor think they are severely overused.Critical individuals who expect never to see a reused scene or to get a perfect show out of a limited budget may come to dislike Destiny . Also , anyone who is n't a fan of sci-fi mecha action will probably not find much to love here either . But for any serious Gundam fan , or any serious fan of sci-fi or mecha based anime , there is a lot to love in Destiny . The strengths of this series - excellent animation and characterization , a plot that is worth following , and consistently superb action sequences - more than make up for the flaws , which are primarily sometimes-overused stock footage and recaps/flashbacks . As for the first DVD , none of the aforementioned problems are present in the first DVD at all . There is almost no stock footage and no flashback scenes - nothing but strengths . The problems do n't appear until later in the series . So it 's hard to go wrong with the first DVD , but one should be aware of potential difficulties down the line if they intend to pick up the entire series .
 In the tradition of previous `` Alternate Universe '' Gundam sagas like Gundam Wing , Gundam SEED has takes place in its own world , connected only thematically to the many other series . Fans of the original Gundam will no doubt experience some deja vu as a silver-masked man leads a raid on a colony where Earth 's prototype mobile suits are being built , and most of the crew of a distinctive white battleship are killed , leaving junior officers and civilians to take command . But SEED is not a mere rehash , it has its own twists on the old formula.This time , the war is between the genetically-modified `` Coordinators '' of ZAFT and Earth Alliance , dominated by un-modified `` Naturals '' . Like Zeon in the original series , ZAFT is heavily outnumbered but make up the difference with their revolutionary mobile suits , which are far superior to Earth 's mobile armors -LRB- unlike the mighty behemoths of previous series , SEED 's `` mobile armors '' are merely small fighter craft -RRB- . In response , Earth forces secretly develop advanced mobile suits on the supposedly neutral colony Heliopolis . But ZAFT discovers their effort , and masked ace Rau Le Creuset leads his team on a bold mission to steal the Gundams . While attempting to escape the attack , young student Kira Yamato -LRB- a Coordinator who 's not part of ZAFT -RRB- and the mysterious Cagalli stumble into the mobile suit hanger . Kira unwittingly finds himself in the cockpit of the Strike Gundam , and discovers that the ZAFT pilot who stole one of the others , the Aegis Gundam , is his childhood friend Athrun Zala . Meanwhile , Rau is attacked by mobile armor ace Mwu La Flaga , who he has apparently fought many times before . And soon , the battle between Kira and the ZAFT forces results in the complete destruction of Heliopolis . Kira and his friends join with Mwu and the few remaining crew members of the battleship Archangel , attempting to evade Rau 's fleet and escape to Earth .
 I 'll admit right off the bat that while I 've been aware of the Gundum phenom this is the first Gundum anime I 've ever seen . Unfortunately , I tried reading the Del Rey manga adaptation which came out some months before the anime and was completely lost . You could n't tell who was who and even the difference between the boys and the girls . So I did n't have a good attitude coming into the viewing of this anime . After initial trepidation , I completely enjoyed Volume 1 of Gundum Seed.In the future humanity has split into two factions . The first are the genetically modified Coordinators , who are superior to humans in every way . The majority of humans have not had these modifications and proudly call themselves the `` Naturals '' as though the Coordinators are some freakish abominations . A war starts -LRB- the anime is n't clear who starts it -RRB- due to the misunderstandings and suspicions between the two factions . Both sides field military armies , with the Earth Alliance representing the Naturals and ZAFT representing the space colonies of the Coordinators.Not everybody has taken a side in the war . The nation of Aube and its research satellite colony named Heliopolis have declared neutrality in the hostilities . Known or unknown to the inhabitants , the Earth Alliance has been manufacturing 5 Mobile Suit G-weapons , humanoid-looking mecha piloted by humans , which are far in advance of even ZAFT 's superior technology . Thus , Heliopolis is a target for a ZAFT raid to capture the new secret weapons.Caught in the middle of this are two friends on opposite sides who are both opposed to the war in spirit , if not in reality . Kira Yamato , a young college student , finds himself as the reluctant pilot of one of the G-weapons as all its trained pilots are killed . He chooses not to fight for the Earth Alliance , but to guard the lives of his friends , and of his home . On the Coordinator side , his good friend from times past , Athrun , is one of the team sent in to hijack the new Gundum suits . You 'll have to get the dvd to find out what happens when the two meet up again . They 'll have to make some tough choices.I was initially put off by the character designs in this anime . They just seemed a tad too Final Fantasy effeminate to me , what with all the wind through the hair blowing shots . Also , the animation itself seemed a little stiff and did not flow very smoothly . But I guess my eye adjusted to it because I did n't notice it after a while . The show does n't really start until the first battle and then you start to see the brutality of war . This is not a touchy feely anime . Hundreds of people are killed in explosions as the Gundum have their own battles . The action sequences are very hard-hitting , not because they are graphic -LRB- you hardly see any blood -RRB- , but there 's all these massive explosions where a second before people were standing horrified and not knowing what to do . The Coordinators seem especially unconcerned about the death of civilians but there are allusions to an Earth Alliance atrocity known as `` The Bloody Valentine '' which seem to give them justification . I really enjoyed the characters once I got used to them . I was kinda put off by all the ponderous history of Gundum but I enjoyed this volume and will probably seek out the other countless series and manga .
 Ok , well ... . I watched one of the Gundam series when i was seven . i saw those twice and i honestly thought it was the dumbest series I 've ever seen and their machines were extremely ugly.Then a few weeks ago , when i was realy bored i switched on the semi-kid chanel on my tv and stumbled upon Gundam Seed . The first few episodes I was really confused and had no idea what was happenning so i went back to my memories of a very dumb anime with ugly mechanics and decided not to watch it . However , it kept on popping up on the tv and i thought the animation was pretty good and well drawn -LRB- i 'm an animation freak -LRB- have been one since i was 5 -RRB- -RRB- so i decided to give it a go . Well , maybe it was n't the best choice on my behalf , but ... . i grew addicted to it . Every evening i 'd sit down and watch it , or find some way of recording it . I honestly think it is one of the most deep and meaningful shows on the dumb tv these days . I do n't watch it for the mechanics . I 'm still trying to override the first impressions syndrome on them . I particularly enjoyed phase 14 -LRB- not on this dvd -RRB- when it all focuses on Le Creuset and his philosophy.Because i found them really deep and meaningful . Yeah , I know , it sounds like the only words i use are `` deep and meaningful '' , but i really ca n't find any other words to describe about how i feel about Gundam Seed . I quite enjoy it because its honestly the first anime show i 've ever seen that does n't have the set in stone good and bad guys . In Gundam Seed it tends to all be gray . They 're evil if you look at it one way , yet in another way , they 're fighting for their own idea of justice . Also , they have a lot of very well developed characters that are constant throughout the series , so they do n't pitch a one-time character at you . Ok , well , occasionally other people pop out here and there , but you do n't even get to know their names.This probably is n't the best show for watching mechanics . It 's more emotional and meaningfull than that . I tend to think of it as more of a show for teenagers and young adults . Kids generally do n't er ... understand it . And plus , there 's got to be a reason why it 's rated 14 + . xD . i do n't care if it 's a remake of something . I love the characters , love the plot , and overall i think the animation is pretty good . I 'd say , it 's definitely something to watch , but ... . only if you like dramatic sci-fi -LRB- not the corny hollywood playa stuff -RRB-
 When I first heard about Gundam Seed , I was a little skepticle . I thought it was a pathetic copy of the series Gundam Wing . Then my friend bought this volume and said it was good . It WAS good . Even though its only an introduction to the main points of the series , it hooks you onto it . The series has good depth , an excellent storyline , and awesome music . Gundam Seed has its own unique touch and true texture . Gundam Seed is a feast for the soul . Two Thumbs UP !
 First of all , most of the Gundam series -LRB- being Universal Century or the Alternate Continuity -LSB- Gundam Wing , Gundam Seed , Upturn A , and the lame Gundam G Fighter -RSB- -RRB- , follows most of the same plot with some of the characters being almost the same as Amuro and Char . The stories are entertaining and at sometimes addicting.This series fits all of the expectations of a Gundam series . The characters are slow to be developed in the begining but once the ` fillers ' are over with ... the story and action is delivered at almost a fevered pace . It also includes the traditional moral/ethical dilema that the pilots go through in almost every series . Animation is great , the designs of the mobile suits are great -LRB- man , I wish I could design my own for a cartoon series -RRB- , and the plot was very entertaining.I do agree that the english dubbing takes away some of the story . Watch it in Japanese with english subtitles . You will better enjoy the story of the whole series.Now in one of the reviews , they mention that they do n't explain how the war started ? The person that did the review is completely wrong . If I am not mistaken , on episode 13 or 14 , they explain about the genetic manipulation that was done on a person that became a world `` progeny '' . When the person left to space , he left a manuscript that explained how it was done and people began to `` genengineer '' their babies . Many of the `` naturals '' did n't like this and began the traditional racisim situation that occurs from people not accepting other people that are different . This escalated until the `` Bloody Valentine Incident '' that then continued to be played out as the war that has engulfed the `` neutral '' colony where the Gundams were stolen from and involving Keera and his friends.I still like the series and if you are a Gundam Fan , then watch and enjoy . I just hope they can complete the Universal Centuries with the missing series that have n't been translated yet -LRB- Gundam Z , ZZ , Victory , and F91 -RRB- . This will fill in the blanks to many questions left by the gap between Stardust Memories and Char 's Counter Attack .
 recommended if you do n't wan na buy the original box set , plus you 'll save a few bucks .
 For those of you who do n't know Mobile Suite Gundam Seed Destiny is the sequel to the popular series Gundam Seed . The story takes place 2 years after the first alliance , Zaft war . Unlike Gundam Seed , Destiny put you on the side of Zaft for the first half of the series and then reintroduces main characters such as Kira Yamato and the rest of the archangel crew . It has new mech better animation and like its predecessor an awsome soundtrack . This series is a must get for anyone who liked the original Gundam Seed .
 I really enjoyed this collection of episodes ! I bought this stright from amazon without going through a third party seller , brand new . It came wrapped in plastic -LRB- just like you would get if you bought it in the store -RRB- and in perfect condition!The extras are fantastic ! If you love Gundam , this is a * must * to complete your collection !
 This is a fine series that comes on Toonami , what 's even better is this is the uncut version . This box set has 10 dvds limited edition art box and cd .
 Mobile Suit Gundam Seed is not just any anime . People should not really compare it to other Gundam animes , but compare it to other titles . Gundam Seed is not about its battle scenes like Gundam Wing and Gundam G emphasizes , but it is about the drama , hardships , and tragedy brought by war.The story is mainly about two friends parted from each other just to end up fighting each other in a seemly meaningless war , although most of wars are meaningless . War is such a terrible thing , that is if you were in the shoes of Kira Yamato , the main character in the series , but to us it is just another war story , this time in color.My summary on this is , yes , Gundam Seed is worth keeping . You might find most of the episodes quite short , this is perhaps to keep the series long . If you like sci-fi animes , you will probably like this series . It has a lot to offer , mentioning twisty storylines and excellent battle sequence . But I must say you should not expect much of this , especially if you are a Gundam fan . I would recommend this to someone who prefers an alternative theme of animes , or someone who has not seen any Gundam series .
 This was a very good start for the series . thye oculd have had more information about the plot but overall still good . if you have seen it in a different languge you and i both are finally happy to understand what they are saying ! get this right away . it can hold all the dvds when they come out and it looks real cool . the cd is also very nice . if you loved seed then you will love this .
 I enjoyed GW . I enjoyed the Gundam design/carnage in GW . I loved the tactic 's for 8th MS. I enjoyed the story for 8th MS. I have seen the other Gundam series since the original . They are borring . The White Base looks like a retarted floating box , and 008 , and 0083 move too slow.Gundam Seed has redeemed the series in general . Adding the design elements from GW , the tactis from 8th MS , and the old school story line from the original series , Seed dominate it all!Amazing fighting , great animation , and a great sound track , just check this series out !
 I just wanted to warn people that this is not a box set . It includes volume one of the series and a box so that you can put the other volumes -LRB- once released -RRB- into . It is not the whole series . Anyways , Gundam Seed Destiny is a great sequel to the hit show Gundam Seed . It continues to struggle between the Earth Forces and ZAFT . The relationships between characters grows stronger after the relationship between Kira and Athrun is once again tested . This season focuses on Shinn Asuka , a former Orb citizen who loses his family in the battle between Orb/Archangel & the Earth Forces from season 1 . His hate towards Cagalli Yula Atha is due to the fact that her father , former leader of Orb , involved the country in war . Many new and wonderful characters are introduced into the story like Shinn Asuka , Rey Za Burrel , Meyrin and Luna Hakwe , Gilbert Dullindal , Tallia Gladys , Meer Campbell and Stellar Loussier . If you liked Gundam Seed you will LOVE Gundam Seed Destiny . The first episode catches your attention instantly .
 I got this for my son who loves the Mobile Suit Gundam series and he says he highly recommends it to any anime lover .
 A good , but overrated Gundam series . If you were told this is the best Gundam , you were lied to . A good storyline that replays itself over and over , animation that is solid and replays itself over and over , all the characters are bad-asses but at one point or another they get soap opera-y . Starts and ends well just beats some of the storyline and animation into the ground .
 While the complete collection 1 is broken and terrible , complete collection 2 is very good . None of the discs were scratched and they all functioned properly . My only complaint is that when I first opened this collection , there was a great deal of broken plastic inside the case . Overall , I still believe that fans should wait for another collection of gundam wing to come out because while this collection works , the first one often times does not .
 It 's so sad that this is the end . Well , Endless Waltz is the end , but still . This collection is great and I watch it all the time . buy it now if you 're a true fan .
 If you like anime and you have n't seen Gundam Wing , you are seriously missing out . While the animation and the art style are not as pretty as many of the newer animes , the storyline and characters more than make up for it . And when I say that , understand , I am a pretty anime person . If it is not visual appealing , I do n't want to watch it . But Gundam Wing 's story is just that good .
 Gundam Wing holds almost as much of my heart as Dragonball as it was the second Anime I ever fell in love with . The Mech design is awesome the story is gripping and the action is amazing ! A definate buy for new comers and veterans alike ! Classic Anime at its best !!!
 Its been so long since I watched this series , but its just as amazing watching it now than when I was a kid , more so now that I can understand the deeper depth of the series !
 I have read many reviews on this product and was a little skeptical about the technical quality of the product . I decided to order it anyway and boy am I relieved . I had no problems with any of the discs -LRB- I use a PS3 -RRB- . I once read a review that this follows much of the same time line as many of the other Gundam series , which is not true . I think that is what makes this probably one of the best out of the entire series . 5 Heroes trying to save earth and space without asking so much as thank you in return . Pretty basic but a very well put together series .
 I 've started watching Mobile Suit Gundam Wing on Cartoon Network . I missed a few epidodes , so I picked up Mobile Suit Gundam Wing Anime Legends Complete Collection II . The box set contains special features and extras . There are 24 episodes on 5 DVDs . If you want to know the episode titles I have incuded them in this review . Also I have include some characters information.Disc 0626 . The Eternal Flame Of The Shooting Stars27.The Locus Of Victory & Defeat28.Possing Destinies29.The Heroine Of The Battlefield30.The Reunion With RelenaDisc 0731 . The Glass Kingdom32.The God Of Death Meets Zero33.The Lonely Battlefield34.And Its Name Is Epyon35.The Return Of Wu FeiDisc 0836 . Sanc Kingdom 's Collopse37.Zero VS. Epyon38.The Birth Of Queen Relena39.Trowa 's Return To The Battlefield40.A New LeaderDisc 0941 . Crossfire At Barge42.Battleship Libra43.Target
 The Gundam franchise is something of a rarity . It 's longlevity -LRB- 25 years -RRB- ranks it with the other great science fiction and fantasy franchises of the world such as Star Trek , Star Wars , and Doctor Who . In fact , with it 's legions of geeky otaku fans , tons of scale models , technical guides , and other tie-ins and merchandise , Gundam is aptly referred to as `` Japan 's answer to Star Trek '' . Gundam Seed began airing in Japan in the fall of 2003 , the latest entry in a franchise with 15 tv series and movies and it was billed as a Gundam series for the new century . Following a plot whose first half is similar in many ways to the original 1979 TV series , Seed did exactly as it set out to do , remake the Gundam mythos for the 21st century.Old issues and conflicts were now discussed with a distinctly modern flavor . This is seen most prominently in one of the two main themes of the series . Mirroring the rapid advances in biotechnology , genetics , and cloning in the real world as well as the underlying ethical and moral concerns of such technology , the original series ' abstract and vague conflict of newtypes and oldtypes was now recast as a civil war between genetically engineered space colonists and their natural born , earth bound cousins.While Gundam Seed was modernizing the Gundam saga thematically , it brought the franchise into the twenty first century in another way ; by attracting a new generation of fans , many of them female , to the series and the franchise . The series ' popularity has even led to many recent rumours of a sequel , something of a first for an `` alternate universe '' Gundam story.While the plot of Gundam Seed is very similar to that of the original series , especially in the first half of the series , the new themes , and the eventual resolution remains creative and fresh . Gundam Seed 's main protagonists Kira Yamato and Athrun Zala are also sketched out and portrayed very well , making the two of them some of the most sympathetic opponents in Gundam since the days of Amuro 's rivalry with Char in Char 's Counterattack . A minor quible I have is that perhaps Kira and Athrun 's characters have been fleshed out at the expense of many of the other secondary characters who remain mostly in the background after the first couple of episodes.This box set comes with the first five episodes of the series that takes us directly into the center of the action , and it is indeed action packed . They mostly deal with Kira 's escape from the Heliopolis colony and his first battles . Aside from the short monologue at the beginning of each episode , very little of the background of the war has been explained to us . This is okay , as the history is slowly revealed to us as the series progresses . Overall , these first five episodes provides a strong beginning for the series . I highly recommend this series to fans of the Gundam franchise , of the mecha genre in general , and to military sci-fi fans
 Having been a Gundam fan for a long time , and having heard good things about this series , I decided `` What the heck ? '' and splurged on this stupendous complement to the genre . Any Gundam fan , whether he or she be a Universal Century hardcore fan or adore the Alternate Universe types , should check this out . Great music , deep characters , deep and complex plot , excellent fight scenes , all culminate to bring you one hell of an anime.Like most Gundam series , the story is about war , and about Earth vs. Space . Or rather , in this case , Naturals vs. Coordinators . Since the basic storyline has been explained , I wo n't go into too many details on it , but needless to say it takes some interesting turns towards the end.What first struck me about this series was the music . Whether it was the catchy J-pop opening and closings -LRB- like Invoke , Believe , Realize , Moment , and the first ending -RRB- and some excellent and beautiful background music -LRB- like Akatsuki no Kuruma -RRB- . Unfortunately , the CD that came with this box left out some of the better ones . This is forgiveable , since you can always find them if you know where to look . The music is just so appropriate and moving , and makes the story work.This series is by far the best when it comes to presenting reasons NOT to fight a war . The tragedies of when characters die , the ever-escalating conflict brought on by terrorist organizations such as Blue Cosmos , the need to fight for what you want to protect , all culminate to make the story far more moving and deep than any of the other Gundam series . Both sides have a reason to fight , yet both realize that the end result might mean the elimination of each other -LRB- see the last DVD -RRB- . I 've heard many complaints about the art style and character design , but I find it enjoyable . The gundam designs are exquisite -LRB- got ta love that Freedom Gundam -RRB- . The fight scenes are executed in such a way as to make them unpredictable , and therefore quite enjoyable.The ending , as others have described , is very open ended , and leads very well into the upcoming Destiny sequel series . Though I have n't seen it yet -LRB- I do n't steal fansubs -RRB- I look forward to the continuation of the ever increasing struggle to end the war that could wipe out humanity in its entirety.Content wise , this show is not for children . People die -LRB- sometimes quite graphically -RRB- , foul language is used , some adult themes are present , and the overall theme is one of sadness and despair , balanced by the hope of a new beginning.Bandai did a fairly decent job dubbing this series , though sometimes intentionally having the actors speeding up their voices to match the lips . Its good in both languages , though emotions are expressed better in the original Japanese.This box set is a great way to start this series , though I warn you that after the first DVD , you 'll want to see more . Its a nice sturdy box with some cool artwork on the sides , and conveniently seperates all 10 volumes from the rest of your collection . I give this product -LRB- and this series -RRB- 5 stars because it is so entertaining , more so than I 've seen in the past few years of anime releases .
 Well , I 've got to admit , Gundam Seed Destiny is one of the ones you put between your Blood + and Rahxephon . GSD has AMAZING CGed footage , intense battles , and alot more . Not only that , but it 's been in the # 1 anime spot in NEWTYPE for 9 months now . -LSB- caption from it = `` NEWTYPE JAPAN readers share their favorite characters and anime ... '' -RSB- My friend had to MAKE me watch the whole season , and I 'm so glad she did.You see , the thing about GSD is that if you like one character , you 'll hate another . Thats why sometimes its seen as a `` terrible '' anime , but the truth is , I 'm glad it 's like that . The characters are based off of real personalities - they have FLAWS . In alot of series , you love almost everyone thats around the main character . It 's not the same with GSD.PLOT-The plot basically revolves around Shinn Asuka -LSB- my personal favorite -RSB- , Athrun Zala , and Kira Yamato . 3 new people -LSB- to be precise - Stella , Sting , and Auel -RSB- steal three gundams that ZAFT has been developing secretly -LSB- HM , THIS SOUNDS FAMILIAR -RSB- and escapes from PLANT , with Shinn Asuka and Rey chasing them . The story immediatley explodes into action after that event.Music-Lets not get started on the music.I do n't need to say anything at all , the music is STUNNING.With music from T.M Revolution , See-saw , Nami Tamaki , you just HAVE to watch the opening and ending every time it plays.All in all , this anime is not one you should miss . If you like funny , cute , halarious anime , and absolutley can not STAND serious animes with battles and arguments , this is not something for you . But if you like some seriousness sometimes , packed with action and finding yourself on the end of your seat after every episode , then pick up GSD and watch it . It 's so worth it.I give it a 9 out of 10 .
 Simply put , this is among the best anime series you are likely to ever see - I really can not conceive of any anime fan not enjoying this series . As long as you like far-future sci-fi anime , you really ca n't go wrong with Gundam Seed . Why ? Here 's just a few of the reasons this is such a stunning series : - Characters
 Gundam SEED is Gundam at it 's best . It was released in Japan in 2003 , and therefore has top notch animation . The background music is gripping , and the Into and Ending songs are great -LSB- performed my T.M. Revolution and other J-Pop stars -RSB- . This DVD contains ... 1 . Gundam SEED Volume Onea -RRB- English Dubbed Languageb -RRB- Original Japanese Launguagec -RRB- English Subtitlesd -RRB- The first five episodese -RRB- Extras and Credits2 . Gundam SEED OST -LSB- Original SoundTrack -RSB- : The Complete Best3 . An Artbox to house Volume One and the nine other DVDs yet to be released in the Series.Gundam SEED is highly recommended to any Anime/Sci-Fi/Military fan out there . The series was rated # 1 Animated Television Series in Japan and held it throughout it 's run . G E T I T ! ! !
 Not too long ago , The First few episodes of the newest Gundam series , Gundam Seed , aired on Toonami . Theese episodes , though they resembled the original Mobile Suit Gundam , they still were still visually stunning . The story of theese first couple of episodes are thus
 I have been a long time fan of this show and I 'm happy to finally receive them . i also highly recommend this series to any fans of anime .
 I came into the whole Gundam universe with the Gundam Wing Series . Personally , I 'm a hugh fan of Gundam Seed and Seed Destiny and I 'm looking forward to Gundam Seed Stargazer . I have both the Gundam seed series and well as the Zeta Gundam series so your the opinion of someone who has both . Personally I thought Zeta Gundam was good but I think Seed is a whole lot better . Unlike the previoue Gundam series , Seed makes most of the science in Gundam as well as a lot of the war aspects real . Zeta seems like it was more for kids than anything . Seed and Seed Destiny show what tends to really happen in a war and how people respond to it . Other Gundam series seem to have Gundam 's with unlimited ammo and energy . At least seed shows you the reality of it . Also people complained that the series kept switching from main character to main character . Obviously the series main characters were Kira , Athrun and Shin . Even I noticed that . Focus was shifted to show what personal problems each one faced . When you look at each character in depth , Kira has a higher understanding and knows what must be none . Athrun tends towards following what he 's told but then figuries things out . Shinn is basically a Kira with Athruns trait to follow . When you look at it , Kira 's a brain , Athrun 's strenght and Shinn is a gun . I do n't think to bad mouthing people been giving SEED is fair . The only thing I agree with is that I do think they reused animation a bit too often . I noticed to reuse watching to show just one time . I hope then do n't do this in Stargazer .
 I was able to buy this item last Sunday -LRB- August 1st -RRB- at Otakon in Baltimore at the Bandai booth . I must say this is the best Gundam series that appeals to both males and females . My boyfriend has seen the fansubbed series at least 4 times , with episode 40 being our favorite , that of course has been seen more times than 4 . I love everything about the series ... how it captures the audience , the characters . The setting seems almost the same as the other Gundam series , but it 's a little different . The music is great as well ! Too bad this box only comes with one of the many CDs ... We also bought a Haro Haro plush , a giant poster of Kira Yamato , and multiple Gundam Seed models ... all at Otakon ! I 'm so glad I was able to buy this box before it 's released ! ^_^
 I have seen the entire series around the time it originally came out in Japan and it is one of the most enthralling anime adventures I have watched . At first I thought it was nothing more than the usual Gundam fare but as the episodes progressed the story became so deep , the characters were developed with a sense of reality , and the action made sense and not just combat for the sake of combat . After the last episode I was anxious for this series to be released on dvd . Finally I read that it began airing on Cartoon Network -LRB- which I 've never seen so I ca n't comment on the English dubbing -RRB- as well as this upcoming dvd release . It 's drama and action at it 's best . I highly recommend this to any anime fan or as an awesome series to start getting into the genre.This is the first series I recommend to others when discussing anime . Pick up this dvd and then stick with the series . In the end you wo n't be sorry .
 I love the anime series as a teen in 2000 and owning this series brought up some great memories . Its awesome . The product arrived in excellent condition and is a great part of my dvd collection .
 My son has been a Gundam fan for 15 years now - yes even in his last teens . He loved watching these animated episodes , so this brought back good memories
 The struggle between earth and space is thrown into complete chaos as OZ efficiently uses diplomacy to manipulate the colonies to further the Romafeller foundations agenda . The gundam pilots are left with no side to take but there own as they continue to fight to make peace a reality . This series definitely has the power to move people . On top of that the technology is incredible without being over the top -LRB- aside from zero 's buster rifle -RRB- and without being overly unrealistic . I urge anyone who enjoys anime , gundam , or has an analytical nature to purchase this entire series .
 This series is too awsome to put into words , if your a gundam fan get it as you wo n't be disappointed at all ^ ^
 It is good for the stake of nostalgia , but compare it to other Gundam series and Wing does not hold up very well . If you buy it expect lots of talking and battle sequences that , at times , are a little forgettable .
 Cette serie est vraiment excellente.Je suis devenu un fan tres rapidement et jai ecouter la serie complete en environ une semaine.Un must pour tout les fans de sci-fiction et les fans d'anime . ATTENTION
 Gundam SEED is the Deepest of all the gundam 's i 've seen to date , It has a slow plot but once one sees all of it you knowtice that it 's a very well done plot with a solid backround . The slower over all plot allows the relationships between the wonderfuly designed charaters to grow in many ways , and finaly the mech battles rock &#60; yes i know my spelling sucks &#62;
 Mobile Suite Gundam Seed is the newest release in America , I have seen and own the entire anime . First things first the good ; it has a pretty good soundtrack , it has crisp and clear animation , and the mecha are just plain awesome . Now the bad ; most of the characters are really annoying because they wo n't shut up about not wanting to fight , yet they self detonate there Gundams in order to kill each other . And the ending Is probably the worst anime ending in history -LRB- next to gundam seed destiny 's -RRB- . I recommend that you do n't by the series , get the movies to hold you off until Gundam Seed Destiny comes to the US . But if you really want to by this you not going to regret it , you 'll just get board after you see this series twice -LRB- trust me I 've done it ! -RRB- .
 To be perfectly honest , I am not a Gundam fan . I have been dissappointed every time . However , Gundam Seed , I loved . The artwork is beautiful , the characters are intrigueing , and the story is interesting . The other Gundam series ' seemed to have no character development , and slow stories . Gundam Seed is the one that stands out the most to me . I like knowing that my characters are n't perfect soldiers with no personality , or guys who have no memories or sense of self at all . The story , and character progression in Seed should not be missed .
 Anyone who says Gundam Wing is better than Gundam Seed , must either be a clueless anime fan or a 14 yr old girl -LRB- because that 's what Gundam Wing was catering too -RRB- . Gundam Wing is 50 episodes of Gundam pilots crying ... and Hero and Relina staring endlessly into the sky calling one another 's name -LRB- literally -RRB- Gundam Seed is a smart and expansive look at war , friendships and love ... it 's a brilliant anime definitely worth the purchase .
 Gundam Seed is much better than Gundam W or G Gundam . Why ? Well , I 'll get to that . Let 's start with the music first . The Gundam W music I think was fairly good , but I do n't really remember it . The G Gundam music was catchy , but at least for Cartoon Network , they played essentially the same song . And it seemed a bit of an odd to play for a show about Mobile Suits , something about a Spell . Gundam Seed on the other hand , has clear opening and ending , and since the show is sort of shoujo the ending works , and the opening is upbeat enough for a show about Mobile Suits . Then the general drawing , the art in G Gundam is just weird , it looks typical of 70s anime , with women having weird sideburn-like bangs . Speaking of which , neither G Gundam nor Gundam W have enough women for a `` boys show '' and because of this , I 'm inclined to think the target audience is really young girls with a mobile suit fetish . I think Gundam W is the worst in this respect , having very pretty guys like Hiro Yui , but only one real girl of mention -LRB- there were others , but as I remember , most of them got killed off or something -RRB- . Then there is the plot . Gundam W has a plot quite similar to Gundam Seed , but instead of emphasizing the human element , they choose to spend a great portion of their time talking about unmanned Mobile Dolls . Yawn ... Then there is G Gundam , which has this concept of the Dark Gundam , and is organized around a tournament atmosphere . Which brings me to the next part , sequence . Neither G Gundam nor Gundam W have a very clear sequence , unless you pay close attention to either the episode numbers . Did they start with the tournament and there was a rise of the Dark Gundam , or did they start under the thumb of the Dark Gundam and after defeating it have a tournament only to have it return ? If you miss episodes from either one , it is difficult to pick up from the middle and make sense of . Gundam Seed however , with similar plot focuses on similar elements of the Gundam W plot while eschewing the foolishness of Gundam W with its allegorical names -LRB- I think there was one that meant the peaceful empire , and the evil part is played by the Romefeller Foundation which is an alteration of something like Rockefeller -RRB- , and the weird cards imprinted on the hand , along with magical powers of G Gundam . It sticks to the tried and true plot , and then adds much more romantic elements to the mix.I do have one gripe though , which is why only 3-4 stars . The box is almost twice the price of the normal box single , just for including artwork . Normally the box is + $ 10 while this has + $ 18 to the price . Also , they really should make a complete series set , as it dissuades people from buying when even at Used & New , they end up spending several hundred getting all the series .
 You wo n't regret it !!! Good Animations . Cool Soundtracks . Great Story , althought similiar to the original Gundam Series , but there are many differences as well to keep the story interesting.Dkong
 This is just a review of the box set , mainly for people who may have bought the Gundam Seed box set . Its a little different than the Seed set . First , the box folds out and will only hold 5 dvds . And at 5 episodes a dvd , it will fill up half way thru the series . Second is the CD . While the Seed set came with the offical Gundam Seed Complete CD , this CD is just a collection of the opening and closing songs . Its not even really labelled as a Gundam soundtrack and does n't have any lyrics . This was a little disappointing since I held off on buying the complete soundtrack for this so I did n't have to import it .
 Hi I 've watched both the english subtitled and the english versions of Gundam Seed and have seen all the episodes thus far up to episode 18 and I think that this Gundam series is by far the best one of probably all of the past Gundam shows . I think the animation in that show is awesome , I like the characters in the show as well .
 Funny movie . Definitely worth watching . I was surprised at how much I enjoyed watching it -- I would watch it again ! My husband loved it and he is a hard man to please when it comes to non/little-action movies .
 `` We 're investigating a murder and the trafficking of half a billion dollars worth of cocaine and you 're telling me it 's your day off ? '' Sergeant Gerry Boyle -LRB- Gleeson -RRB- is not your typical Irish Guard . He is brash , uncaring but also may be a genius . When a murder and drug ring are shown to be connected the FBI send in agent Wendell Everett -LRB- Cheadle -RRB- to help investigate . The two do n't get along , but can they solve the crime ? This is a very funny and enjoyable movie , but it is not for everyone . THe dialog is very harsh and almost of of it is swearing , but it 's done in a way that makes you laugh . For those that liked `` In Bruges '' and movies along that line this is for you . If you did n't like that I would be weary , this is a very dark comedy and may offend some people that are n't expecting this . Without giving anything away , if you can laugh at the beginning car wreck you will be fine for the rest of the movie . I however really liked this movie . Overall , a flat out hilarious movie that will not appeal to everyone . I give it a B. * Also try - In Bruges & Pros & Excons
 At first glance , The Guard may look like a buddy cop comedy with fish-out-of-water elements , but we 're pretty far from Rush Hour territory here . To be specific , we 're in the cold , rural climes of County Galway , where Sergeant Gerry Boyle enforces the law in a highly idiosyncratic manner . Enter Wendell Everett , a straight-laced FBI man , who teams up with Boyle to solve an international drug trafficking case . Boyle is so fond of drugs , hookers , and politically incorrect pronouncements that Everett is never quite sure if he 's a buffoon or a genius , and Gleeson 's performance is so strong that he rarely tips his hand . The Guard won raves for its fine performances , witty dialogue , and evocative sense of place , and it 's a great example of a film that makes age-old conventions feel fresh again .
 I never write reviews but I so enjoyed this movie ... . saw it 3 times in 2 weeks ... . subtitles help a lot ... . it hit all the buttons . Funny , warm , artistic , with a bit o'mystery ... . loved it and so did all the friends I recommended it to .
 Unfortunately , too many reviewers have given away too much of the story.Fortunately , too few have given away the philosophy , the absurdity and the humor.This was one of the films I have enjoyed so much that I will watch a few times more for the script , the memorable lines , the characters and the modest but effective cinematography.There is absolutely no reason to come up with comparisons to other films . It is as much Coen Brothers as it is Groucho Marx or Fellini.There is politics , sociology , psychology , money , philosophy , sex , reality and hallucination or , if you deem any of these unnecessary in a good movie , you may also be carried away by the violence and slowly boiling up excitement.I just hope that , the DVD will have English subtitles when it becomes available although I did not find it that difficult to follow as a non-native English speaker.I have to end with a line by the character least likely to utter these words , `` What is it all about ? ''
 What an awesome movie ! When my friends dragged me to the movie I did n't want to go because I do n't like comedies . It w funny without even trying and very irreverent . No subject was off limits . The jokes , in another context , would give great offense , but here it was all in good fun . The drug dealers , while terrible characters , came off as loveable -LRB- sort of -RRB- in the end . Great movie , just be prepared some strong language . 2 thumbs up !
 Dark , hilarious with a fantastic plot and even better directing and editing . Great comedy like this is hard to find , and Gleeson performance is completely unforgettable . Don Cheadle also does a great job as being the sort of &#34; voice of reason &#34; in the world of law enforcement , and the dialogue between the two of these actors is worth the price of admission alone . I highly recommend this film for anyone who has a darker sense of humor . If you enjoyed In Bruges or Seven Psychopaths , then you will likely enjoy this film .
 Weaknesses of human nature create scenes that are simultaneously funny and sad . Loved our hero , and his unexpected nobility of nature . I do n't easily tire of this movie and love the humor .
 Hilarious . Very funny and irreverent movie.Rented it first then bought a copy . Brendan gleeson deserves an award , he is brilliant .
 You ca n't go wrong with Brendan Gleeson and Don Cheadle . The supporting cast is also very good . You may struggle at times with the accents , but the dry and sometimes not so dry humor is worth the effort .
 Rent this movie , do n't buy it unless you collect Don Cheadle films.It is an enjoyable film because of Brendon Gleeson . He carries the weight -LRB- literally -RRB- of the film . His acting is superb.The plot has been reviewed by others -- cops vs drug traffickers -- with interesting dialog and scenes . Worth watching some Saturday evening with fish & chips and a Guinness .
 A good mix of British and American comedy . It has a feel good twist twist ending that 's hard to hate . I would recommend it for a good crime drama rental .
 I was happy to be able to order this DVD . As a smaller film , it 's not always available at the major markets -LRB- Target , Walmart -RRB- . I have enjoyed watching it .
 This is a very good movie . However it might be a good idea to view it a couple of times . The Irish accent in great but one has to have a good ear to understand all of the dialogue .
 I do love me a good , snarky comedy-drama , especially if it involves Ireland in some way . Brendan Gleeson is howlingly funny as a morally-challenged Guarda or police officer in backwater country around Connemara and Galway , two of my favorite spots in Ireland . He has to work with the hot-shot Don Cheadle , an FBI special liaison and their chemistry is great . You may need to set your ear to this dialogue a bit , and rewind for some of it , but it will be worth it . The whole cast works together impressively . Lots of swearing , but for some reason , when its said with an accent , it is n't as offensive . The extras on this film disk are great , too , with lots of insight from the director and stars .
 The guard of the title is Sergeant Gerry Boyle -LRB- Brendan Gleeson -RRB- of the Galway Garda in Western Ireland . Garda means policeman in Irish , so the movie should , actually , be called The Cop , and , in a way , The Guard is a cop movie . But one you have not seen before.The story starts with Sergeant Boyle getting to the scene of a car crash and helping himself to some acid he finds in the pocket of one of the dead victims . `` It 's a beautiful day , '' he announces to the world at large.But soon his life gets complicated . It starts with the finding of a dead man , a cult murder it seems , followed by the disappearance of his new partner from Dublin and the arrival of a FBI agent from America to stop the smuggling of half a billion worth of drugs into Ireland . `` Is that street value ? '' our guard asks his counterpart FBI agent Wendell Everett -LRB- Don Cheadle -RRB- as the later briefs the Calway forces . And then , unperturbed by agent Wendell cool stare , he goes on to explain that they must be buying drugs in different streets because , in his , they are not worth that much.Sergeant Boyle is not concerned about the drug smuggling , he has a murder to solve and a partner to find . But first , he takes a day off to indulge his erotic fantasies with two call girls he hires from Dublin.Yes , Sergeant Boyle is quite an unorthodox cop . Yet , somehow , he is easy to root for . He loves his mother , for one , and bursts outrageously politically incorrect remarks with a straight face that makes us wonder whether he 's totally clueless or pulling our leg . Agent Wendell wonders that too . And , as the story unfolds , his relationship with the Irish cop progresses from total disgust to guarded respect.The Guard is a great laugh aloud movie , where nothing is sacred , even the IRA is brought into the mixture to comical effect . And the bad guys , cold blooded killers as they are , quote Bertrand Russell and Nietzsche , wonder on the difference between a psychopath and a sociopath and complain about the quality of people they are forced to deal with in their line of business . And , for a split second , you almost sympathize with them .
 A very diffrent type of movie but I really enjoyed it . The acting was amazing and it really hit on a lot of diffrent notes . Would definitely recommend !
 I was entertained and admired how clever and subtle this movie was . While not a great action adventure it was brain candy which made me smile and showed me ` another ' way of looking at things that I had never considered . I recomended it to all my friends and do so to you also . If you are like me you will finish with a smile of satisfacation and contentment that only comes from a good meal or good movie .
 Hilarious look at an Irish policeman trying to ignore a big drug deal and just exist with the corruption and bs that is part of his job . At the same time , he must work with an FBI agent without any sense of humor , his mother is dying and reading Oblomov , and he spends his days off with prostitutes rather than work on the case . The bad guys , who are completely hilarious as well , find him anyway , in between discussing whether Bertrand Russell was Welsh . It 's a black comedy , yes . It 's not any more realistic than most Hollywood films , but it 's at least not that serious about itself . There are serious moments and then the movie laughs at itself via the over-educated bad guys . The honest cop , Gleeson 's character , finally sees his chance to make good . I found this a very satisfying and intelligent turn on the theme of the honest cop who fights corruption , Irish-style . Note that this movie assumes a level of education that is prevalent in Ireland , perhaps . The one-star ratings here lead me to believe that some things went over the reviewers ' heads . One even complained of the accents . Well , you can use subtitles , but they are speaking English .
 One if the funniest movies ever . Did not stop laughing . Brednan and Don were a great team . Hope the there will be a sequel coming forward . .
 I became a Brendan Gleeson fan when I saw `` In Bruges . '' The `` Guard '' movie trailer leads you to expect a routine , fish-out-of-water , buddy flick , but what you get is much better than that
 Don Cheadle and Brendan Gleeson are great together in this flick . It can sometimes be hard to understand what the characters are saying , but it does n't take anything away from the quality of film .
 Very good movie , slow at times , but the punchlines is where they keep you watching . Would only recommend this movie if you are a fan of dark comedy .
 What a wonderful movie . Not only do the two main actors - Brendan Gleeson and Don Cheadle do a fantastic job but the whole cast does a fantastic job . It takes place in Ireland . Its about a aging guard taking on the drug dealers . There is drama , murder , black comedy , and a real enjoyable movie to watch . Its a must to see .
 This is a funny black comedy . That is almost upstaged by Irelands stunning West Coast.Brendan Gleeson as Sgt. Boyle and Don Cheadle as the uptight American FBI agent are the perfect odd couple that draw spraks off each other , in this fantastic dry Irish comedy with comical racism.Gleeson is very funny as the Irish Police Sergeant who is very unorthodox in his life and job . Don Cheadle is the uptight American FBI Agent trying to understand his partner and his dealing with the Irish citizens who being questioned respond to him in Gaelic rather then talk to him in English .
 . Don Cheedle , too . I did n't think it was going to work when I read the description , but something about it made it sound worth a try . Bought it on a whim , and really glad I did .
 This film is one you may not have heard of , it had a limited release and was shown in many smaller , lesser known theatres . Brendan Gleeson is f@#ing brilliant and Don Cheadle plays the straight man , and they make an incredible team . A truly great film .
 I bought this DVD based on only having viewed the preview , and I was very pleased ! This movie approaches Irish culture in a way not typically seen by American viewers .
 Saw Brendon Gleeson in the movie IN BRUGES and thought this would be funny . I was afraid that Don Cheadle wouild be mis-cast but he is such a good actor that he carried it off well .
 The kind of film you would gladly revisit after a few years , especially enjoyed the script , it was well-crafted .
 This movie had some pretty funny moments . One thing that I had trouble with was understanding just exactly what they were saying . The accents used in this movie are so thick sometimes I could n't make out what they said at all . Over all though , a pretty fun movie to watch .
 The brothers McDonagh are one talented group of screenwriters and directors . I 'd recommend this movie to anyone with a sense of humor , especially if they have an Irish one .
 An excellent film that showcases an outstanding actor on his home turf.In ` Guard ' , the always enjoyable Brendan Gleeson portrays a fascinating and hilariously unique character.Sergeant Gerry Boyle is a terribly inappropriate and deeply offensive , yet insightful , Irish cop . He 's been on the job for quite a number of years and is less than enthused with his mundane daily routine . Ironically , he hates it more when that mundanity is interrupted , like with a series of murders . And to make matters worse , he absolutely detests it when the ` big city ' cops get involved.Initially , Gerry strikes you as a complete anti-social doofus . A misfit that chugs along only because he exists in an outlier township , therefore mostly separated from proper society . He lives alone , finds temporary companionship in prostitutes , and intentionally separates himself from the daily drama of human interaction . But there 's more to Officer Boyle than first meets the eye - or hits you in the ear.Hilariously , whatever and whenever anything crosses his mind - it just comes out . And it 's not that he does n't realize that his behavior causes distress among those he interacts with , he knows . He just does n't give a crap . Part of that is his upbringing - he 's Irish . Part of that is tactical . He 'll push your buttons to see what happens ; a homemade personality test of sorts . And part of it is his genuine disinterest in other people , bordering on misanthropy.Yet he exhibits empathy and kindness when you least expect it.As we 're introduced to the character , the opening scene has him on traffic patrol as a bunch of young idiots speed by his post , completely blasted . He watches them fly by and continues to munch a sandwich and drink coffee . Only after finishing does he start up and slowly proceed after them - perfunctory job execution . It 's no surprise to Gerry as he comes upon the wrecked car and bodies strewn about - none alive . He picks through them to insure they 're in fact gone and discovers one has a large bag of drugs . He pockets it . We 're led to believe he wants it for himself , but quietly utters , `` Your family does n't need to know about this . `` The contradiction is very fascinating , and I enjoyed this character very much . I wonder if many Irish folk are actually like this ? I 'd love to find out one day.His current punching bag
 If you are easily offended and do n't like the F-word , DO NOT SEE THIS MOVIE . If you like subversive black humor and witty Irish banter , this is a great movie . I watched this twice in a week just because I knew I missed a lot on the first viewing . The brogue is thick and the jabs are subtle but are worth watching again just to catch them all . One might even want to watch it with subtitles so-as not to miss anything . Most of the other reviewers have done a good job of laying out the plot , which is pretty straightforward . The fun is watching the crew bring it to life , especially Brendan Gleeson , whom I did not recognise as Mad-Eye Moody from Harry Potter . This movie owes much to 60 's spaghetti westerns , especially the music , but has been wonderfully updated to the 21st century . The ending is an old fashioned gunfight , with a realistic limit of ammunition , highly dependent on the sheer grit of the opposing gunmen . Mark Strong plays an extremely cynical gangster who lives for the mano-a-mano shoot out
 As with a lot of movies today , especially comedy , there are elements that wholesome-minded people will find objectionable , but there are some very funny scenes outside of these and a fun relationship builds between the two main characters.The movie is in English but some of the minor -LRB- only a few seconds out of the whole -RRB- characters speak only Gaelic so their dialog is in English subtitle.I thought this line was one of the most memorable : `` If you want to speak English , go to England ! `` Spoken in Gaelic.But , you 'll have to see it in context to really appreciate it. : -RRB-
 Well , I am not a paid reviewer , just an ordinary movie loving person , and I thought this flick was great ! Best movie I have watched in a long time and I go through a lot of movies . Wonderful , smart dialogue , unique characters . Highly recommend it .
 An Irish Tarantino in the making?The acting of Gleeson and Cheadle were both excellent , but Gleeson 's character 's bad behavior , asinine lack of social skills , and heart of gold made this buddy cop story truly shine . It was a role even more memorable for Gleeson then his costarring role inIn Bruges -LRB- also an excellent drama sprinkled with plenty of dark humored laughs -RRB- .
 Gleeson is great in this and so are all the other characters . F. Flanagan , who plays his mother is first rate as usual . So are Cheadle and Strong.But what makes this movie great is that is has an actual plot and good characters and you want to know what happens to these people . Is that so hard Hollywood ? Could you stop blowing things up and putting starved models into corsets and just get back to good story telling ? Huh ?
 I wasnt really knowing what i was to expect from these two characters when i rented this movie , but all in all i had a great time watching it , even though there were some racy parts , it really made some comical plot points . The story was pretty well though out , giving you -LRB- at times -RRB- a wonder of whats really going on , or whats going to happen , in the movie.Im usualy into thrillers , comedys , and action movies , this one is kind of slow , but give it a chance for 2.99 $ , i was impressed !
 Everyone 's reviews are much longer so I 'll simply say , I agree with all the five star reviews . I would say my only regret is that I did n't see it in theatres -LRB- esp considering I heard a brilliant interview with Brenden Gleeson on the radio -RRB- however , watching it at home allows you to rewind in case you get lost in the accents . My REAL regret is that I rented this from amazon instead of purchasing it . Onto my wishlist `` The Guard '' shall go !
 John McDonagh , in my opinion has pulled off an oddly captivating Irish thriller . While so many comparisons have been made between this movie and ` In Bruges ' , I see ` The Guard ' as superior . McDonagh is just getting better . For instance , the violence and vulgarity present in both films were necessary , to some point . I found them way over the top in ` In Bruges ' , unpalatable at times . Sure , ` The Guard ' was somewhat vulgar and a wee bit violent , but only when these characteristics seemed ` necessary ' to the situation . Thus , it did not interrupt my viewing pleasure ... The music -LRB- Western -RRB- was inclusive , made me want to dance a few times . The sound of the castanets clicking away was such a south of the border way to let us know when something exciting was going to happen . Yes , the beautiful cinematography of the Irish countryside and the marvelous melodies were one great way to combine the idea of the two countries working together.But , really , it was just a finely done film in every way . Not only will I watch it again , I will be watching for more of John McDonagh 's work .
 This movie had to be one of the best dark comedies I have seen in a few years . Gleeson is the perfect character . I felt like Cheadle 's character , when he asked him -LRB- paraphrazed -RRB- if he was a genius or an idiot . The movie hits on many levels and is an independent film gem ! Highly recommended . Lots of F-bombs -LRB- for those that might get offended by them -RRB- , but hey , its a black comedy
 There 's not much more that I can add to the very thorough reviews . I come from a large , all Irish -LRB- is that redundant ? -RRB- family and when my husband , grown son and I went to see The Guard last summer we along with everyone else in the theatre laughed out loud during the entire movie ! I was SO disappointed that the DVD did n't come out in time to give as Christmas Presents . It would 've been the perfect gift for so many people I know!For people that had a difficult time understanding the dialogue at times , seeing the movie on DVD might be just the thing . You can go back to hear it again to figure out what they 're saying -LRB- though I 'd recommend watching it all the way through the first time without chopping it up -RRB- . Don Cheadle did a great job , as always , this time playing Brendon Gleeson 's straight man . Great movie . Ca n't wait to buy it and laugh all over again !
 Where do I begin ? Praise is bubbling out of me about every aspect of this film , from the location and the actors , to the script and the dialogue . I will own the DVD so I can use closed captions because some of the brogue escaped me , but what I heard was erudite , wry and very , very funny . My pre-ordered DVD from Amazon.com will be here in about a week . I can hardly wait!Here is part of the wonderful cast : * Brendan Gleeson -LRB- `` Troy '' and `` Harry Potter '' -RRB- is our eponymous Guard , a local policeman whose job it is to cope with trivial issues in his little seaside hamlet . He pays more attention to his regularly scheduled visits from prostitutes than rumors of a half-billion pounds worth of drugs . Remembering Gleeson 's astonishing single-take monologue from `` In Bruges , '' I already knew he was a great dramatic actor , I just do n't remember him in a comedy before . * Don Cheadle -LRB- `` Iron Man 2 '' -RRB- is a tightly wound American FBI agent hot on the trail of a huge cocaine shipment rumored to be headed toward Ireland . He is dumbfounded by the provincialism and blatant racism he encounters in this little burg . Hard-working Cheadle appears in family films , comedies and dramas ; he always does a terrific job . * Fionnula Flanagan -LRB- `` Kill the Irishman '' -RRB- is our hero 's mother , dying of cancer , who just wants to see live music performed one more time . You 'll smile . Another multi-talented star , this lovely lass has been working for decades . * Mark Strong -LRB- `` Sherlock Holmes '' -RRB- is a cocaine smuggler/henchman , who is starting to question if the payoff is worth it . In this cast of multiple threats , Strong stands out
 This may not be to everyone 's taste , but if you are not upset by profuse profanity , if you do n't mind coarse humour , if you appreciate a bit of moral ambiguity , and if you enjoy a dash of philosophy with your violence , then this is a movie you will love.The film stars the great Brendan Gleeson , who has been quietly building a reputation for himself as one of the finest movie actors about , as a small town cop in Connemara , and the brilliant Don Cheedle as an FBI man arriving in Galway on the trail of a bunch of international drugs traffickers . But the whole cast is composed of some of the finest actors currently working , including Liam Cunningham , Mark Strong and Fionuala Flanagan.At heart the film is a buddy movie about the mismatched cops Cheedle and Gleeson and in the midst of all the prickly dialogue between the two it satisfies all the expectations that one would have of such a movie with a great `` shoot-em-up '' ending . It also makes some nice subtle political points
 If you like the Fargo/Lock Stock/Snatch/RocknRolla genre of black comedy , this is certain to please . I watched it on a plane and am eagerly awaiting it coming out on DVD .
 LOve the movie . Will watch it many times . Received it on time . Wonderful actors and plot . I recommend it highly .
 You know how you go through these huge lists of films , looking for something to watch on the odd night you happen to have time and nothing to do ? Scores of crap movies , or movies you 've already seen 5 times . And then there 's a few you have n't seen before , and 90 % of the time it 's because there 's something wrong with the movie . Usually it 's horribly written or overacted , or both.There 's nothing wrong with this movie . From beginning to end , this movie is engaging , it makes you laugh and yet the plot clips along , unfolding at a natural pace , the characters are developed the perfect amount . It does n't tell too much , but everything is intentional and adds to the story . Usually by Act 4 it all drags , sucks or blows , but this movie does n't flinch.There 's nothing wrong with this movie .
 The Guard , a small independent film from Ireland written and directed by John Michael McDonagh , is something of a gem . On the surface , it could fall into any number of the usual categories - crime drama , fish-out-of-water story , odd couple forced to work together buddy flick - but none of those labels would do it proper justice . The closest thing I can truly compare it to is the Coen brothers ' film Fargo . Like Fargo , The Guard deals with a homicide in a quiet rural area -LRB- in this case coastal Ireland instead of Minnesota -RRB- being investigated by the local authority -LRB- in this case an idiosyncratic Garda - Irish policeman - instead of a highly pregnant sheriff -RRB- . But also like Fargo , what makes the film truly interesting is the character studies that unfold as we see both sides - the police and the criminals - going about their missions.And in a final comparison to Fargo and to Coen brothers films in general , the dialogue is frequently priceless . At the film 's center is the guard of the title , Sergeant Gerry Boyle -LRB- Brendan Gleeson -RRB- , an Irish policeman stationed in the district of Connemara on the western coast of Ireland . In the opening scene , where Boyle witnesses a car accident on a rural road where some local youths are killed , we quickly learn three things about Boyle - very little ever rattles him , he 's definitely more attuned to the spirit of the law than the letter , and he 's far from being above the occasional bit of self indulgence . Shortly after that , when he 's investigating an apparent murder and having to break in a new partner , Aidan McBride -LRB- Rory Keenan -RRB- at the same time , we learn something else about Boyle
 Even though the movie summary insists that this movie is a raucous comedy , it is NOT , but it is an excellent and entertaining film . Yes , there are laughs , but it is dark and violent as well - like `` In Brouges . '' Brendan Gleeson is an outstanding actor and his character is thrillingly idiosyncratic - artfully played . Don Cheadle plays the straight man with charm and dignity . One of my favorite films in a long while !
 32 of 38 people found the following review helpful
 I 'm watching this film at the moment -LRB- near the end -RRB- and am thoroughly enjoying the story and Brendan Gleason in the role as the eccentric Irish policeman - a mixture of comedy , suspense , & drama ; of course the obvious is that the film brings back a lot of flashbacks -LRB- 48 Hours , Beverly Hill Cops , a certain TV series , and even a taste of some westerns - great stuff ! -RRB- ; well , guess what I own the first two movies , so not a problem for me . I 'm putting a 4 * rating on the film but could have added another 1/2 * if possible - not sure I want to purchase the DVD -LRB- a Netflix rental at the moment -RRB- but I 'm considering - ; -RRB- NOW - all of those really DUMB 1 * ratings - and the comments on ` Irish ' humor ; well , my father was half-Irish and the humor is different - I grew up w / it and my Jewish wife still does not understand when I 'm using ` blarney ' on her - one has to understand the history of that country to appreciate much of this film , especially Gleason 's character -LRB- he was born in Dublin -RRB- ; this film received a 95 % rating from Rotten Tomatoes -LRB- those are the REAL paid critics - the concept of ` paid ' reviewers doing Amazon posts is ridiculous ! -RRB- - for those who have not seen this film please read the ` real ' paid reviewers and also ignore these 1 * ratings -LRB- maybe those are the paid ones ? -RRB- . : -RRB-
 Brendan Gleeson stars as a small town Sgt. in Ireland . In many ways he reminded me of Andy of Mayberry in that he has his own local quirky ways of doing things , but beneath it all he is quite intelligent . There are some international drug smugglers in his area and the FBI has sent Don Cheadle to work with the very frank , sometimes crass Gleeson who believes racial stereotypes and has no problems questioning Cheadle to the point of his frustration.The writing is witty and the quirky characters are reminiscent of a Coen brothers masterpiece.Cheadle is talking about the recent killing to Gleeson : CHEADLE
 Being a retired police officer I really enjoyed this movie which I rate as the best cop flick of the year . Gleeson is superb as an old timer who does things his way . The barbs he trades with Cheadles character are priceless and had me LMAO . Watching this movie with some retired LE friends , they all loved it and highly recommend it to others . This is one of those sleeper foreign films that should have had wider release here in the US . A dark comedy showing that police work is the same no matter what country you 're in . Great movie , I bought several as Christmas gifts for friends it was so good .
 Brendan Gleeson and Don Cheadle may seem an unlikely pair , but in this Irish movie they work together like coddles and stout . Guarda sergeant Jerry Boyle bends the rules . FBI agent Wendell Everett , on special assignment , prefers the rules straight and clear . Together they find themselves working to bust a drug smuggling gang on the Connemara coast . Along the way Everett explains a weird killing and Boyle makes a connection . We 're along for the ride as they find murder and corruption . The conclusion is bloody , brave and satisfying.What 's to enjoy ? Brendan Gleeson for starters . Gleeson is an unlikely movie star , beefy , thick and hardly handsome . But he can play funny or he can play loathsome , sympathetic or sly , simple or complex . Most of all , he is immensely likeable . Cheadle does fine as the uptight agent who finally begins to see value in Jerry Boyle 's unorthodox approaches . Of course , there 's all that Irish scenery and those fine Irish character actors . The Guard is a fine movie .
 Sergeant Gerry Boyle is an atypical Irish garda -LRB- policeman -RRB-
 This is one of the funnier films I have seen in a lifetime of watching film . Gleeson 's performance is outstanding.The opening scene is grim , and yet it ends with a line of dialogue that must be one of the darkest , and best , opening lines of any comedy ever made . Priceless . It sets the tone for the whole film.The humour is not for everybody . It is frequently very dark . Much of it relies upon a sense of irony and incongruity that some people -LRB- including a few reviewers here -RRB- plainly do not have . A shame really.It also helps to have some understanding of the cultural imagery - much of it based on Catholic teaching - that is being given a twist.Yes , a very funny film . We will be watching it again . Probably on a rainy , dreary day .
 Something there is that is charming about films set in Ireland with Irish characters speaking in beautiful brogue and THE GUARD fits into that category very comfortably . Written and directed by John Michael McDonagh this is a funny , fast-paced film that manages to poke fun at many points of bigotry -LRB- anti-American , racism , the gay lifestyle , etc -RRB- in a manner that keeps the comedy rolling . In many ways the film is comparable to the film IN BRUGES , if that helps the reader to categorize in a positive way.Sergeant Gerry Boyle -LRB- Brendan Gleason -RRB- is a small-town Irish cop in Western Ireland with a confrontational personality , a subversive sense of humor , a dying mother , a fondness for prostitutes , and absolutely no interest whatsoever in the international cocaine-smuggling ring that has brought straight-laced FBI agent Wendell Everett -LRB- Don Cheadle , in a role that allows him to display his comedic gifts -RRB- to his door . Boyle 's partner , a gay man Aidan McBride -LRB- Rory Keenan -RRB- , the brunt of many of Boyle 's jokes , is shot while making a traffic arrest by the drug smuggling gang -LRB- Mark Strong , Liam Cunningham , Owen Sharpe , Michael Og Lane -RRB- which leaves the cantankerous Boyle to align with the American black FBI agent Everett to solve the case . What begins as a fiction filled alignment ends up as a touching friendship.McConagh 's writing and direction are as fine as they come for films of this sort . It will be necessary for most viewers to turn on the subtitles to understand the brogue -LRB- the few Gaelic passages are not translated ! -RRB- . The cast , from the major roles to the minor ones -LRB- especially the extraordinarily beautiful Katarina Cas -RRB- including Laurence Kinlan and Fionnula Flanagan , is superb . This is a very fine comedy well worth the attention of a very wide audience ! Grady Harp , May 12
 I often have to turn on the sub-titles with many of these Irish crime films , but managed to get through `` The Guard '' without them . Perhaps it helped that Don Cheadle is along for the ride as a FBI agent with a hint of a southern accent -LRB- although he professes to be from Wisconsin in the film -RRB- . Brendan Gleeson -LRB- `` Safe House , '' `` Harry Potter '' films -RRB- plays a policeman -LRB- known as The Guard -RRB- in a small west coast Irish town . Agent Everett -LRB- Cheadle -RRB- is tracking down a crew of drug smugglers which led him to Ireland . He 's forced to work with Sgt. Boyle -LRB- Gleeson -RRB- who is happy with the way things are and has little interest in interrupting his day off to assist the American.The dark comedy has chuckles in every scene thanks to Gleeson 's `` really smart or really dumb '' cop . He 's aided by the drug runners themselves played with deadpan panache by Mark Strong -LRB- `` John Carter '' -RRB- , Liam Cunningham -LRB- `` Safe House '' -RRB- and David Wilmot . The film has some interesting twists and turns becoming at times a crime procedural , but eventually it becomes an unlikely `` buddy '' film of the first order . In his directorial debut , John Michael McDonagh -LRB- who also wrote -RRB- makes an impressive entry with this import.The Blu ray disc is nothing special but certainly looks as good as any other typical product out there . Look for a 1080p transfer with a 2.35:1 aspect ratio . There are many dark scenes both inside and outside but they are perfectly clear . The audio is in DTS-HD MA uncompressed . Everything is clear and mostly upfront . The surrounds come into play with a shootout involving a Russian automatic rifle in addition to handguns .
 I 'd never have seen this if I had n't noticed Mr. Gleeson at the Golden Globes , nominated for his acting . This movie starts off with wonderful characters . He is delightful as an `` unorthodox '' local policeman uncovering corruption and murders . The FBI gets called in and Mr Cheadle is part of that team . Gleeson 's character is unbelievably up front with his opinions . But he is shockingly right on not to mention very observant . There are some dramatic moments along the way and the dialects of a number of the characters can be difficult -LRB- I must mention that I ca n't remember if this takes place in England or Ireland , sorry -RRB- . It is enjoyable and was a real surprise to all of us .
 I had no expectations about this movie . I did n't have a clue what it was about . And I loved it.If you liked Snatch or Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels you will enjoy think one too . It was VERY witty . The dialogue had me laughing out loud more than a dozen times and I am now a big Brendan Gleeson fan.I almost never say this , but I really hope there is a sequel .
 We enjoyed this movie for 2 reasons -- the actors and the dialogue . It 's always a pleasure to watch a movie written by and for intelligent adults . This is a good one for a Saturday evening at home . We 're very pleased with the ease of renting movies from Amazon Instant Video . So far , the streaming has been clear , problem-free , and very reasonable in price .
 I ca n't tell if you 're really dum or really smart , FBI guy says to Sgt Jerry Boyles , a member of the Guard in Western Ireland . This movie is full of Irish humor and was enjoyable to watch .
 This is a great movie . So funny . If you get Irish humour then you will certainly get this . I love Brendan Gleeson , His timing is just perfect . Absolutely worth a look see .
 This is a move about an unorthodox Irish policeman with a confrontational personality teamed up with an uptight FBI agent to investigate an international drug-smuggling ring . But that description does not tell the true focus of the movie . This movie pushes all of the attention onto the characters portrayed and not the background story line . This movie is a character profile that explores the depth of a complex personality . Sergeant Boyle -LRB- Brendan Gleeson -RRB- is an off-the-wall , veteran police officer who patrols a small Irish town . On the one hand , he is a crass , acid-tongued personality with a subversive sense of humor . On the other , he is surprisingly sentimental and warm.The Guard is fun , intelligent , and genuinely hilarious . The dialog is outstanding and is a high point of the film . In addition , the scenery is superb . Boyle 's wisecracks are often delivered in a heavy Irish accent so it helps to use the optional English subtitles -LRB- It reminds me of the Irishman George Bernard Shaw quote , later used by Churchill , that America and England are two countries separated by a common language . -RRB- The film was nominated for a best actor Golden Globe Award and 20 other awards . This film is definitely worth seeing .
 Buying and downloading this movie to my Kindle Fire was easy . Watching this horrible movie was a lot harder . The purpose of this review is to say thanks to Amazon for helping me fill some hours on a long flight with a movie of my choice . Next time I need to do a better job picking something worth watching .
 Simply brilliant in the Doctor Strangelovian manner . It destroys the concept of cultural relativity in a few spoken words . Harsh and indifferent in its tone . It is a very anti hollywood politically correct in that `` in bruges '' genre . Rebellion in writing is still alive . Enjoy the film .
 I have watched this movie three times and i still find it to be one of the best movies I have seen in a long time ! Love it !
 A very smart movie playing with perceptions of intellect and expectations of cinematic convention which are gently , humorously , and relentlessly undermined . The characters are credible , even the odd ones , and when violence does ensue it is solidly based in reality .
 What a pleasure , in this day and age , to find a police procedural with witty dialog and memorable characters!The Guard is the story of an honest cop in Galway , played by the wonderful , rumpled Brendan Gleeson , who partners with a visiting FBI agent , played by the great Don Cheadle , to thwart a gang of drug-dealers . There are no twists or surprises in the plot , just indelible characterizations and the funniest dialog you 've heard in any Irish pub.To the reviewer here who found the slurs aimed at the Cheadle character offensive -- EVERYONE here gets slagged , in the true Irish way . Verbal combat keeps the Irish mind sharp , and the FBI man dishes it out as well as he takes it . If anything , the bond between the black agent and white cop becomes stronger and stronger as they learn to overcome their prejudices and presuppositions , and the agent winds up risking his life for his new-found partner.So this movie will appeal to two audiences
 Like both main characters and love Ireland so i had to watch ! Very dry humor ... a must see ... running out of words required !
 The humor in this movie comes from people playing against expectations -- drug dealers discussing whether Bertrand Russell was English or Welsh , elderly Irish women casually joking about participating in orgies -LRB- `` bacchanals '' in the typically inflated vocabulary used by many of the characters in this film -RRB- . The characters are mostly self-aware , taunting each other for fulfilling or violating the very stereotypes that give them life.Every character has humor and a backstory , every one is treated with sympathy . None except perhaps Don Cheadle 's FBI agent are quite what you expect . Another reviewer has compared this film toFargo , and I think that is apt , though this film has significant aspects of a `` fish out of water '' comedy and of a traditional `` buddy '' film that Fargo lacked , and the average character in this film is much smarter . Unlike Fargo , there are no scenes in The Guard in which we are expected to laugh simply because the characters on screen are so inarticulate or foolish.I do n't think The Guard made much money , which is a shame . I 'd have cheered for a sequel.A note to parents -- While the plot of this movie is conventional for a police drama , the script includes violence , foul language , sex , racism , and drug abuse . It 's for grown-ups only .
 I would like to think if i was a cop I 'd be this type of cop . Great stuff . Got ta love Brendan Gleeson !
 This is a jewel of a comedy with Brendan Gleeson playing a seen-it-all contrarian cop with a core of basic human decency to Don Cheadle 's utterly proper and straight FBI agent . The rest of the cast does a great job too and the ambiance accompanies a story which in itself is somewhat thin . If you are very PC and prudish about it , you may not enjoy the film but if you are n't you will have a rollicking good time watching it .
 This movie accomplishes everything it aspires to and more . Not since `` Fargo '' has there been such an unconventional crime fighter . It matters not that the FBI agent and the criminals are somewhat typical because the focus stays on this wisecracking Irish police captain . It manages to capture all the best elements of comedy , noir , and even western .
 I did n't have time to catch this in the theater because is was not a wide release and was only on screens for a week . Being a huge Don Cheadle fan , I did n't want to miss this so bought the DVD . He gave a workmanlike performance , but the script was a bit too clunky to be saved by one man . This movie was n't really made for US consumption and if you are not from the culture depicted , you may not ` get ' this movie . However , Cheadle 's imitation of Christopher Walken in the Extra Features section was worth the price of the DVD alone .
 This movie is so funny , about a Irish police department and in particular one of it 's officers who teams up with an American FBI agentto bring a group of drug smugglers to justice . This movie has a lot of oddball characters and also great heart.I received it very quickly and packaged well .
 I really enjoyed the movie !!! The acting was great - I really liked Brendan Gleeson , Don Cheadle , and Mark Strong , and myson and his friends approved of the 2 cute young women playing prostitutes . I will always think of sharks being soothingwhen I go to the Shedd aquarium in Chicago .
 If you like your humor served black , sharp , witty and Irish , then ` The Guard ' is hand-made and packaged to your exacting specifications . And , if you say , `` hey , that sounds like a lot like one of my favorite films , In Bruges , '' well , that 's no coincidence
 On the surface `` The Guard '' would appear to be your standard cops infiltrating a drug smuggling ring movie . At it 's heart it 's a delicious dark comedy with a love of everything Irish in the center . The jokes come at you at a mile a minute . My personal fave is a bit where Don Cheadle 's FBI agent goes door-to-door looking for information and he meets a couple who speak Gaelic . Most of what 's offered here is funny . A lot , though , is to colloquial or maybe just not that funny . Regardless the always wonderful Brendan Gleeson and Cheadle as the reluctant partners in crime solving have an indelible chemistry . Not perfect but has more than enough good stuff to suffice .
 I saw this in a theater and loved it . My friend and I exited the theater looked at each other and then very nearly turned around and went back in to watch it again . Would 've done so if we were n't totally starving and in need of supper.Not an action thriller , not a mismatched buddy comedy , but with many of the signs of both . Viewers looking for the pacing of either of these genres are going to be disappointed . Instead the Guard rewards appreciation of great characters , bone dry humor , carefully observed culture clashes , beautiful cinematography and production design . And to top it off music by the amazing and fierce Calexico helps to open up atmospheric space for surprisingly emotional impact.Brendan Gleeson is sheer nonstop delight . Don Cheadle is makes a great , slightly befuddled foil . Made me want to go out and see everything Gleeson 's in .
 One of my favorite movies of 2008 was IN BRUGES , a quirky action/comedy about a pair of hit men , written and directed by Martin McDonagh and starring Brendan Gleeson.Now , McDonagh 's brother , John Michael McDonagh , has written and directed THE GUARD , also starring Gleeson and also an action comedy with a like eccentric sense of humor.Gleeson plays a blunt , individualist police sergeant in a small town on the west coast of Ireland , who finds himself out of his depth when faced with solving both a murder and the disappearance of one of his officers . At the same time , he must deal with an FBI agent -LRB- Don Cheadle -RRB- , who has come to the Emerald Isle to intercept a major shipment from an international band of drug smugglers.It 's no secret that Gleeson and Cheadle are looking for the same people , but the pair are at loggerheads from the start and much of this movie 's fun comes from their outrageous banter , and the fact that , on the surface , the small town cop refuses to cooperate with the Yank 's investigation . This forces Cheadle to do his own detective work , not an easy task for a black man wearing a suit in rural Ireland where most people insist in speaking Gaelic.Nothing is quite what it seems in this witty film , nor do the plot twists turn in the direction that one would expect . The cast , which includes Mark Strong , Liam Cunningham and Fionnula Flanagan , is excellent , though , at times , it is not easy to understand their Irish accents.The DVD from Sony Pictures Home Entertainment has many extras , including audio commentary by McDonagh , Gleeson , and Cheadle , deleted and extended scenes , outtakes , a `` Making of '' featurette , a short early film by McDonagh and a Q&A ; session with the director and two stars at the L.A. Film Festival.If you liked IN BRUGES , then you will definitely enjoy THE GUARD.Michael B. Druxman
 Comedy meets spagetti western in rural west coast Ireland . If Quentin Tarantino made comedies they would probably be like this - quirky , edgy characters with lots of brilliant philosophical dialog . The dialog between characters reminds me of Tarantino 's movies -LRB- including the profanity I 'd best warn you -RRB- . I 'm probably biased because I 'm Irish but I still think its the best comedy I 've seen in years . Buy it Today !
 I do n't remember this movie ever making to the theaters , but this is sometimes a major plus for `` unconventional '' stories ! Leave your sensitivities at the door and just enjoy the honest , funny and completely different story . Wonderfully written and acted by all . This is showing on my local cable pay per view now - well worth the price !
 Humor , comedy , and good acting . The combo really go well together and bring the story alive . The script is great and the story does not drag . Definately worth watching it .
 Very refreshing to say the least . It is not often that I compliment movies of any kind . I am not anyone . Other then a fellow artist . That enjoys others that do good work.That inspires values in people.I believe what this movie supports this.I have been writing about this subject.How rare it is.What has been forgotten in people today . An inner strength with a sense for what is smart and brave . A much better story then the `` The Boondock Saints '' . Because it is not all flowered up . With a butch of movie made up ` junky like ' highs . That people are so used too . So then . A much more mature story . Believable story.To create a movie like this.Without it being too depressing.Is why it is so good.Not only is the movie about the weaknesses of people.It defies those weaknesses.With some scruples .
 a black comedy that follows in the footsteps of in bruge -LSB- brothers wrote the screen plays -RSB- . has something for everyone , comedy , action and tears !!! an enjoyable watch .
 Solid dark humor . All in good measure
 `` The Guard '' is a black comedy featuring that blunt , mocking sense of humor that is peculiar to Ireland . Police Sergeant Gerry Boyle -LRB- Brendan Gleeson -RRB- does n't actually think much of the law and is contemptuous of rules and procedures . He just got a new partner , Aiden McBride -LRB- Rory Keenan -RRB- from Dublin , and they 're working on a murder investigation . Soon after , FBI Special Agent Wendell Everett -LRB- Don Cheadle -RRB- arrives from the US to enlist the help of the local police in intercepting a ship that is heading their way with half-a-billion dollars of cocaine on board . Four drug traffickers to whom the cocaine is destined are thought to be at large in Connemara . But it 's not clear if Everett will be able to tolerate Boyle 's politically incorrect antics in the meantime.It is said that the Irish never speak well of one another . On screen , even their dramatic moments are tinged with self-mocking . I often find it impossible to discern the comedy from the tragedy in Irish films . Perhaps that 's only because I 'm not Irish . But `` The Guard '' mixes the two with a stereotypically foul-mouthed , blunt-talking Irish cop who is , not coincidentally , the only one not on the take . Director John Michael McDonagh and production designer John Paul Kelly have given us some interesting interiors , as well . A green bedroom , cobalt interrogation room , bold colors everywhere . It gives the audience something to look at , while the substance of the film is listened to . The DVD -LRB- Sony 2012 -RRB- includes a theatrical trailer -LRB- 2 min -RRB- . Subtitles are available in English , English SDH , Portuguese , Spanish .
 This movie originally received tepid reviews , and was likely seen as too shocking back in 1970 . That 's not a problem these days , and that leaves Updike fans and students of cinema history free to appreciate its many virtues . The visuals are often striking and the streets of Rabbit 's Pennsylvania town come across vividly . I especially liked one effect , when Rabbit starts to leave town in his battered 1959 Cadillac . Music is playing on the soundtrack while the car is moving , but when the car stalls in an intersection the music stops until he restarts the car . This draws the viewer into the subseqent experience of his hallucinatory car ride , another high point Many of Updike 's crisp conversations appear in the movie virtually unchanged . On the downside , the love/sex scene seems hopelessly dated and the plot jumps around a bit due to time/space limitations . This is not a great movie , but it has an air of quality and moments of clarity and that 's enough to make it a darn good one .
 This movie is based on John Updike 's first Rabbit Angstrom novel and it 's filmed in Updike 's hometown
 This DVD is filled with beauty ! Our family watched it together on a school night . The biggest surprise for me was when I turned it off about three-fourths of the way into it , our kids -LRB- ages 12 and 15 -RRB- wanted to watch more . I recommend this for anyone who is interested in learning about Church history and practice , not just as something `` back then , '' but how we are invited to join in the ancient Christian Faith .
 Take a look at the very sites where the apostles preached and traveled . See historical caves inhabited by long ago spiritual mystics . Travel through the desert & mountains to visit with the Fathers , Brothers & Nuns who carry on century-old traditions .
 Mysteries of the Jesus Prayer is highly recommended for everyone who seeks , even in the most nominal way , a spiritual experience of everyday life . It is exquisitely filmed , respectfully written and presented by world-renowned scholars and devoted monastics , and I was captivated by it from the first scene . I wish that schoolrooms , sunday schools everywhere could have access to this film . It shows -LRB- visually beautifully -RRB- how we all can live in prayer , peaceful contemplation , and faithfulness regardless of circumstance . Susan
 When I had read the book , I was so impressed with the information about the Jesus Prayer and its origins . I ordered the DVD and am even more impressed . I have shared with many of my friends and encouraged them to read the book and get the DVD . Many of them have and are equally pleased . The Jesus Prayer is a part of my life and the encouragements and inspiration provided through the book and DVD is a blessing that ripples in my life . The presentation of the info is gentle and does not make you feel like you are being spoon fed . The information provided helps you to realize that you have to do the work ... . pray ! The book provides the history and encouragements toward living with Jesus , using the Prayer as a means of connection . Well Done !
 DVD is awesome - a must see ! Beautiful footage of various Orthodox monasteries in Europe ! The monastics share how they use the Jesus Prayer and it 's importance to them .
 I had seen a few clips on Youtube and awaited with great anticipation the release of this film . The beginning is the best section , the encounter with monks at St catherine 's is enriching and powerful . Sadly the journey through Greece lacks any footage on Athos and as a result the film feels bereft of a central portion . The Russian experiences are also slanted towards the more extreme manifestations of orhtodox spirituality and consequently feels less relevant.I have watched this film three times , and have found something new on each watching . We should be grateful that the film makers have provided something on such an important subject but I was left feeling that had they worried less about the travel and scenery they could have focussed more on the faces and words of the monks which is really where this film is at its best . Recommended .
 This is a wonderful spiritual travelogue . There are many interviews with monks and nuns about the Jesus prayer and Orthodox spiritual life .
 `` Lord Jesus Christ , Son of God , have mercy on me , a sinner . '' These are the simple words of the Jesus prayer , used since the earliest Christian times as a means of quieting the mind , stilling the body , and opening the heart to God . This ancient prayer is now the subject of a new two-hour documentary , eight years in the making , by priest-historian Very Rev. John McGuckin and author-filmmaker Dr. Norris Chumley . `` Mysteries of the Jesus Prayer '' traces the steps of the two men as they visit hermitages , monasteries , and churches in five Orthodox countries , seeking spiritual insights from the monastics who have practiced the prayer for many decades.The film opens in the Egyptian desert and shows us the tiny cave of St. Anthony , the third-century monk considered the father of Christian monasticism , and the oldest practicing monastery in the world named for him . It continues to the spectacular St. Catherine 's Monastery in Sinai and journeys to Greece , Romania , Ukraine , and the majestic Holy Trinity Monastery of St. Sergius in Moscow . Along the way we meet several monks and nuns who reflect on the Jesus prayer , monasticism , and the Christian life . They include a young Ukrainian raised Communist and now eagerly serving the church as a priest , a widely esteemed Romanian elder , blind since birth and author of numerous theological books , who passed away shortly after he was interviewed for the film , and a young nun at an `` urban '' monastery in Kiev , Ukraine , who touchingly described sensing God 's presence right next to her during prayer.Richly photographed and enhanced by Byzantine and Slavic chanting , the film beautifully portrays the splendor of Orthodox worship and spirituality .
 After watching the the 60-minute special that aired on PBS , I decided to buy the director 's version . Longer in length of course , and worth every penny.The DVD gives regular everyday people a chance to hear from some of the holiest people , and see some of the holiest places on earth.Most of us will never get a chance to travel to even half of these monasteries , much less get the amazing opportunity to hear from people whose lives are fully , completely , dedicated to God . They have within them such peace , such joy , such love for mankind . It 's really something worth seeing.Thank you to the producers for all the effort put into this production .
 I am very grateful for this movie and wish to support it so that there may be others . It is a very interesting travelogue visiting many of the traditional Orthodox prayer centers . There are helpful interviews with women and men monastics about monasticism and the Jesus Prayer.In my impression , there was something a little odd about the movie . For instance , there seemed to be an insistence by mostly Fr . John that the Jesus prayer is about `` secret knowledge '' . The way it kept being brought up seemed almost like a marketing angle to appeal to seekers.The other odd thing was Mount Athos . The segment on the Holy Mountain was surprisingly brief given the importance of Athos for hesychasm and the accessibility of English speaking monks like Professor Nick Constas aka Fr . Maximos . Fr . John must have known him prior to his becoming a monk . It was so brief and superficial that it was distracting and it seemed like there was an untold back story.Lastly , while the movie was a nice , basic introduction to Orthodox monasticism and the Jesus Prayer , the focus seemed really to be on monasticism rather than the Jesus Prayer and so the title is slightly misleading . There are moments of real light in the interviews with some of the monastics . However , the overall effect of the movie , to me , was a bit disjointed and staccato . Perhaps that is inherent in the kind of travelogue/interview form of the movie . It was nice to see and hear women and men of depth and love for the Lord . However , there was not much progression of depth in understanding/practice of the Jesus Prayer as the movie developed . That lack of progression or development was a bit disappointing to me .
 `` Read the book '' might provide a summary for my review of the film.The script of this film leads one to view the rich legacy of Prayer of the Heart from the perspective of varied Monasteries and holy sites wherein the faithful have gathered to recite the Name that is above all names . In addition , the film script instructs one in how to pray and why the Prayer is for all Christians , and not only monks and nuns . It might seem simple enough to combine both threads in the same film script.But , in practice , the combination creates moments of perceptual and conceptual imbalance for persons viewing the film who have little or no prior experience with the Prayer of the Heart , or Jesus Prayer . Why ? Because all of the film 's scenes pertain to monks and nuns reciting the Prayer of the Heart and to introducing the history , architecture , holy relics and icons of their monastic homes.There are exquisite scenes in the film , which provide compelling reason to view the film not once only . For example , the views from elevated heights around the Monasteries of St. Anthony in Egypt and St. Catherine in the Sinai convey the silence and confidence of the Jesus Prayer . Combining anecdotes from history and hagiography , as retold by Father John McGuckin and Dr. Norris Chumley , such scenes as filmed from these heights capture the sound of wind and slightly obscured images below and become part of praying the Jesus Prayer for anyone viewing the film.In my opinion , I benefited most from the scenes of Romanian Monasteries . I attribute the benefit that I received to Fr . John 's formation as Orthodox presbyter inside the Romanian Church and , indeed , one of the Monasteries visited in the film 's journey . Translations in the film 's subscripts from Romanian also impress me as more vibrant than translations of Greek and Russian in other film segments.Even though I had recommended that one read the book , I did not wish to say read the book and not see this film . Instead , I meant to say that one should read the book in order to better appreciate the film .
 I 've seen the documentary Mysteries of the Jesus Prayer more than once , and after every viewing , I come away with something different
 As an agnostic humanist , I wondered if this film would hold some gems to inspire me . I was happily surprised , in that I found this film moving and thought-provoking . The visuals are stunning , and you get a glimpse into a world rarely seen . The most fascinating parts for me , were the words of the monks , nuns , and priests . My favorite was the guy who was once an atheist scholar of existentialism and Marxism . I totally understood why the filmmakers were not interested in grilling these men a la a Martin Bashir roasting . They would never have gotten such a graceful outpouring of heartfelt wisdom.There is much to be said for a gentle approach .
 I purchaed the package deal and I am glad I did . The viewer is able to feel the monk 's spirituality coming off the screen . The Holy Spirit in them reaches out to you and touches your heart . That impact makes the movie so special . One does n't need long speeches by characters in a documentary when the core fiber of your being gets touched in this way . The simple message of the Jesus Prayer comes to you from people who are dedicated to helping humanity . You understand that you can begin this practice too .
 I love this movie ! I 've seen it 4 times . It never gets old for me . Every time I watch it , it brings peace to my soul , and I learn something I did n't before . I love the scenery in it , and it makes me want to go to all those places ! I highly recommend this video . It really was excellent .
 Definitely one to be watched over and over !!! Love my copy . I get something new from it each time I watch it . I can not recommend it highly enough !!
 A blockbuster for those who seek a closer understanding of the Orthodox Church and it 's spiritual and mystical essence . The focus on the Priests , Nuns and Monastics from the third century , is awe inspiring.The Jesus prayer has been a central prayer of Christians through the ages . The author Reverend John McGuckin , a Orthodox Priest , Professor of Early Church History and Byzantine Christiian History at UnionTheologcal Seminary and Columbia University , is a giant in his field .
 If you like James Bond then you will love this movie . The characters play their part seamlessly and the directing is outstanding . If you are looking for drama , action and comedy all wrapped into one then I suggest Question of Solitude .
 This will not play on either of two DVD players that I have tried it on . I am not tech saavy enough to know what the problem is , so will have to investigate further . I was able to view this on a laptop , and it is very well done . Caravaggio 's work especially lends itself to this live staging of paintings . Dramatic and moving , and the music is very suitable . It would be much more impressive on a larger screen , so I hope to figure out the technical problem .
 Very very rare to find , for what I know only few copies around the world ... this is the first martial art movie ever ... it introduced and inspired all the following others of the 70s until today ...
 Let me start off by saying that this is one of the better Troma films but not better than the toxic avenger.Nuke em high is about a nuclear power plant that leaks into Tromaville high causing students to mutate.Thats preatty much the plot without taking about the createns , but this is a Troma movie so who cares about the plot.Fans of Troma will love this but those who do n't might want to look eleswhere.Followed but two sequels that should n't have ever been made .
 I am not going to review this movie on here but I can say one thing about it and that it is one of Troma 's best films . Ok with that said I am going to go more into a comparison between the 2 formats and if it 's worth the upgrade . Well first off the DVD version is in the 1:33:1 -LRB- Full Screen -RRB- aspect ratio which sucks if you have a HD TV and the blu-ray is in the 1:85:1 -LRB- Widescreen -RRB- apect ratio which is great if you have an HD TV . Now when it comes to the picture quality I have to say that the Blu-Ray does look better , it 's not perfect but does look better . The audio also seems to be better . Overall I would have to say that if you are a fan of this film then I suggest you pick this one up !
 Rating
 Class of Nuke 'Em High . It 's a title that I 've loved for a very long time due to its weirdness , gross-out gore effects , and humor . This is not a film to take seriously , but you should already know that seeing as how it 's part of the famous -LRB- or infamous ? -RRB- Troma library . I recently sold my DVD copy of the film in order to `` upgrade '' to Blu-Ray . I realize that not EVERY Blu-Ray is going to look and sound like Iron Man , but the quality of the Blu-Ray print leaves much to be desired . In all honesty , the print was rather ho-hum . It appeared to be of no better quality than an old DVD of the film . I 'm not sure if this is simply a combination of the film being low budget to begin with and that the original print really is n't very good , or if this release was simply rushed to cash in on the Blu-Ray craze . But that 's the thing with Blu-Ray ... sometimes I 'm absolutely amazed at how well an old title can look on Blu-Ray -LRB- a superb example being American Werewolf in London -RRB- , but other times -LRB- such as this -RRB- I just have to ask myself what the point was of releasing this on Blu-Ray . This is an essential film to own -LRB- if you 're into movies like this -RRB- , but not an essential Blu-Ray to own .
 I have seen this film many times and never get tired of it . I would mention the plot , but who cares about the plot in a film like this ? For some reason , this is n't as respected as The Toxic Avenger , and I wonder why . The laughs in this film are nonstop and any comedy fan should check this film out .
 Tromaville High is a regular American highschool with one exception . It 's 1/4 of a mile from a nuke planet . At the high school strage things are begining to happen . The honor society has turned from a group of clean cut preppys into a gang of violent creatins . The movie gets really good when the two main characters Warren and Krissy smoke some radio active pot . If your looking for an 80 's cult classic with nothing but sex , drugs and rock 'n roll get this movie It kicks so much mother ass !
 This is one of the best films out of the Troma Film Library , next to the `` Toxic Avenger '' of course ! The story is about a nuclear power plant that is leaking radiation onto the nearby high school , and turning it 's students into the opposites of what they are . Nerds turn into psycho 's , preps turn into perverts , and a teen gives birth to a mutant slug that falls into toxic waste and then turns into a giant monster that stalks the high school halls . Sound complicated ? It 's not . Just pick this one up , you might be surprised . The acting and special effects may seem cheesy , but it 's all in good fun .
 You ca n't go wrong with Troma , ever . But as with most films , some are better than others ... this is a better one ! How can you go wrong with Fellini references , bathroom brawls , and mutated punks ... you ca n't . This is the breakfast club on acid ! Buy it , rent it , steal it ... just watch it !
 This movie is great . The best part about it is this crazy gang called the `` Cretins . '' One of them is a cross dresser and one of them has like 5 crazy nose rings and hits people with a bone . The bone hitting factor alone is enough to make this a classic .
 Oh boy , Class Of Nuke Em High . How do you defend a movie like this -LRB- or any Troma film for that matter -RRB- ? As anyone knows , Troma is not for all tastes , and sometimes can even test the will of the most hardcore cult film fan . I can surely stand by that statement considering I 've seen a few Troma films that should have never slimed their way out of the dump . I have a special place in my heart for this one considering I saw it when it came out and it made a helluvan impression on such a young kid . I still watch it every now and again when the mood hits -LRB- and lets face it , you have to be in the right mood for Troma -RRB- . Class tried to duplicate the success of The Toxic Avenger , and depending on who you ask , either succeeded or failed miserably . It does remain one of the most famous of their films however . Plotwise it concerns a leak at a power plant infiltrating a high school . This results in the usual Troma shenanigans including preppies turned into murderous punks , people oozing and melting , and a radioactive monster in the basement . Naturally all this is carried out in the name of humor , and as we all know , in the world of Troma this is very hit and miss . Alot of jokes are very predictable and some are downright groaners . Some work quite well though . There are of course extremely irritating characters -LRB- like the friends of the hero -RRB- and memorable ones -LRB- like Spike , the leader of the gang , and Gonzo , the biker with the ring in his nose -RRB- . Like most Troma film , nobody acts like a normal human being . A good example is when a student starts spewing nuclear waste from his mouth and ears , jumps from a window and melts on the sidewalk , and the other students just kinda brush it off as , `` oh well '' . This movie is n't packed with the kind of gore like Troma 's later films , not even as much as The Toxic Avenger for that matter . It has moments though . Though the box says Unrated Director 's Cut , there is no difference in this version than the vhs that came out way back in the day . The bonus features have some deleted scenes , but these are n't anything to shout about . There are also some short interviews with a few cast members . And of course the usual extras that are on all Troma discs . Did anyone else have a hell of a time with this disc 's menus ? Anyhow , The Troma name will probably determine whether you check this out or turn and run for your life , so judge accordingly .
 The Cretins were what made this movie good . If it were n't for them , this movie would 've sucked . The only reason I did n't give this movie five stars is because I was hoping it would have been the Cretins that mutated . I 'd never seen this film before , but now that I have , I 'm glad I bought it .
 From the mind of Lloyd Kaufman who brought us The Toxic Avenger , and Sgt. Kabukiman N.Y.P.D. . Yet another realy funny yet messed up Troma film . IF you like Violence and lots of nudity then see this film !
 Made for a fraction of the cost of most MTV videos , there are plenty of cheaps laughs and gross out gags for the fan of B-movie horror/comedies . Nicely paced and well crafted , Team Troma throws the gags around but keeps a semi-horror flick going simultaneously.Funny characters , hyper dialogue and decent effects make this a great watch in the right mood .
 There are a few things in this world that are essential to well-being of mankind . The making of this film is one of those things .
 OK . this was crazy movie.Well 80 's movie stlye . great love the music . by far the best of 3 of them . 2 other movies.This one dvd or vhs blue ray . this best of 3 .
 Keeping in line with the tradition of other low-budget , cheesy horror films , Nuke 'Em High leaves the viewer satisfied that he or she has successfully wasted two full hours of their life with nothing to show for it.The movie begins when an overweight manager at a nuclear powerplant attempts to cover up a radioactive spill that contaminates the local water supply . Nuke 'Em High , a highschool located near the plant begins to show the effects of the spill . The preppy kids become mutant degenerants reminicsent of Mad Max . They terrorize all of the other kids and faculty and also begin selling contaminated weed from the power plant to other kids at school . This inadvertantly creates an angry , superhuman jock who spits acid and begins to seek revenge on the mutants . After that scene I sort of lost track of what was going on in the movie . Either I was too intoxicated or too distracted to pay close attention to the plot . The brilliance of this movie is that you do n't need to pay close attention to still understand what is going on . In fact I would reccomend not trying to follow the story since it would probably only cause further confusion and frustration.The ending was great and there was , of course , some good nudity scenes as well . I would highly reccomend this movie to anyone who appreciates this sort of genre or just wants to see a mindless , gory movie .
 Toxic waste is transforming the teens of Tromaville High into violent punks who call themselves The Cretins . The gang terrorizes the other students while another murderous mutant monster begins to take shape in the school 's basement ! The Troma team returns with CLASS OF NUKE 'EM HIGH , a zany B-movie that piles on plenty of sex , drugs , and gratuitous gore ! Troma 's trademarked brand of ridiculous off-the-wall comedy and equally outrageous splatter effects make this one of their better titles , trailing shortly behind THE TOXIC AVENGER . The Cretins are a wild bunch of chaotic characters that take high school bullying to a whole new level . They each sport their own crazy costumes to give them a unique sense of personality while they beat their way to the top of the class . Like most other Troma features , the plot hardly exists , and is instead replaced by a long string of gross-outs and random humor that loosely ties things together . The biggest surprise comes in the end , when the mutant offspring of the two teen protagonists sets off on a bloody rampage through the school . B-movie fans ca n't graduate from Tromaville High without first learning the three `` R 's ''
 I love this Shlocky , bloody , Hilarious movie . You have to be on the joke and not take it seriously . lol . Love it.l
 Troma is the longest running independent film studio around . They produce low budget , low grade , 100 % independent entertainment . Their films are gross , crude , rude , disgusting , vulgar , idiotic , and downright fantastic ! You 're either with Lloyd Kaufman and gang or you 're not . I 'm Team Troma all the way!Recently I watched Class of Nuke 'Em High -LRB- currently streaming on Netflix -RRB- for the first time at the recommendation of Matty . Solid recommendation , Matt . Solid.Nuke 'Em High has been on my list of movies to watch for a while now . I 've heard plenty about it , seeing as its one of the more highly regarded films in the Troma library , so my hopes were high going in ... and they were far succeeded.The movie takes place at Tromaville High which is unfortunately located within one mile of a nuclear power plant . As you can imagine , this is bad news . Radiation from the plant begins to take a toll on the students of Tromaville High , most notably the honor society who are transformed into a gang of punks known as The Cretins.The film follows Warren and Chrissy , a good couple that just wants to study for finals and prepare for college . While all the other kids are excited for the big bikini party , Warren and Chrissy just want to go to the Fellini Festival , but of course they get dragged to the party . There they 're forced to smoke a joint that has been contaminated with radiation.Like weed so often does , it makes Chrissy 's hormones kick in to high gear and her and Warren have sex for the first time . The two immediately have hallucinations afterwards and Chrissy gives birth to a creature that wreaks havoc on the school.Class of Nuke 'Em High succeeds on two fronts . It works as an 80 's teen comedy , filled with all the raunchy humor and sex you would expect , and appeals to the horror fans with its awesome use of gory , practical effects . While the jokes and laughs come a plenty , the effects and classic Corman style of filmmaking is what makes Nuke 'Em High a winner for me . With its decapitations , head smashes , throbbing and bursting stomachs , and one of the best slimy , oozing puppet creatures I 've ever seen , Nuke 'Em High is an 80 's horror fans dream ! And that 's before even mentioning the obvious , at least to me , Alien nods.Also lots of people drink 7up in the movie and I happen to like 7up . So it scores points there.Coming in at roughly 85 minutes of nonstop fun , Class of Nuke 'Em High is a must watch . Best part ? Kaufman is currently in production of the fourth film in the series .
 If you have n't already seen this 100 times on the USA network in the 80 's or 90 's -LRB- or even if you have -RRB- , this is well worth your time and money . Lloyd Kaufman hit an absolute home run with this one .
 You 've got to hand it to Troma , they have a very distinctive campiness that ca n't be rivaled when it comes to 80s exploitation horror . Though this film does n't live up to the legendary standards of The Toxic Avenger , many of the same staples and themes are present in this hilarious high school radioactive shocker!After the meltdown at Chernobyl in the mid-80s , the fear of nuclear power and toxic waste was on the rise , and who better than Troma to tap into this fear , which has never really been executed before . This blueprint allows for plenty of mutant gross-out humor that always hits its mark . Of course it 's going to be gratuitous , because pushing the envelope is the goal that every great horror film sets out to do . Class of Nuke 'Em High , weaves this together with a group of terrorizing punkers and mixes it with a some stoner comedy threads , concocting the perfect blend of b-movie cheese and heinous gore into the ideal film hybrid.This film is certainly not for everyone , but for the ones with adventurous taste and an open mindedness when it comes to horror and comedy , it 's really hard not to let Nuke 'Em High seep into your pleasure centers and mutate them into something unexpected .
 If you are a fan of Troma , Nuke Em High , Subhumanoid Meltdown is ONE OF THE BEST ! there is NO describing it !
 In the town of Tromaville , there 's an average everyday high school only it 's only a few miles away from a nuclear power plant . Until one day , a toxic chemical spill contaminates the school and a vicious gang called `` The Cretins '' cause major trouble as they are becoming a menace to the school and society , not only that but also a loving couple named Warren and Chrissy ready to fight back against them and a radioactive abomination.A very exciting and funny hit Science Fiction horror comedy from Troma is a worthy follow-up to their cult masterpiece `` The Toxic Avenger '' . It even stars Pat Ryan Jr. -LRB- whom you remember as the corrupt mayor from `` The Toxic Avenger '' -RRB- as the power plant owner and an appearence by Troma crator Lloyd Kaufman . This has everything a good Troma movie should have like laughable acting , good splatter effects , a little nudity like Janielle Brady whom is a total cutie in this movie as Chrissy showing her knockers off , tasteles humor and of course good make-up effects like the opening 's meltdown of a nerd to the nuclear monster . Every time i watch this movie , i love it even more as it 's truly one of Troma 's best movies ever and another must see from the makers of `` The Toxic Avenger '' . This DVD has the uncut unrated version with stuff not shown in the theatrical version presented in standard fullscreen presentation with decent picture and sound . The extras include two audio commentaries , deleted scenes , Trailers especially to other Troma movies , Stills , scenes from the `` Tromaville Cafe '' TV show , Interactive Troma tour , Troma Intelligence Test and interactive picture commentary by the stars of the movie.Also recommended
 If you like camp , if you groove to strange humor , if you laugh when someone falls down , this is the flick to see , bay-bee . It 's not a cult classic for nothin ' .
 I had never seen a Troma video before Class of Nuke 'Em High . I could not stop laughing . I also can not stop buying more and more of their videos . Class of Nuke 'Em High is tons of fun . A great movie for you to watch with a bunch of friends .
 Troma strikes again ! This film is so funny you will have tears running out of your eyes . This film must define B movie ! If you liked The Toxic Avenger , this is even better . The sequels are funny too but are n't as good as this classic . Fans of toilet humor will die during this . The best characters are the Cretins gang running amok in the high school , selling weed grown in the nuclear plant which is only a half a mile away . The call the weed an atomic high ! The funniest thing about this gang is the fact that they used to be the Honor society . It do n't get much better than this .
 AS GOOD AS THE TOXIC AVENGER
 I first seen this movie when i was about 10 years old . It really freaked me out with its wierdness but years after , when i got to about 19 years old , i still couldnt get it out of my head . Then i started wondering if its out on DVD , to my surprise , it was ! WOW ! I thought i was the only one who really dig this film , slapstick humour , perfectly cast characters , some sexy , not to mention , psycho chicks & troma style gore ! Even the main characters get in touch with thier darkside 's ! Its a classic & includes a lot of characters from the toxic avenger movies . Its a classic troma film , & a stand-alone awesome independant film aswell . If u aint seen a Troma film b4 , definetly check it out . It bends hollywood rules & goes beyond them ! Lloyd Kaufman 's a genius ! Its a low budget film but some of the special FX will amaze you ... By the way , i havent even got the 1 with special features like deleted scenes & commentary , so even more reason to buy this , i am .
 Class of Nuke Em ` High is so awesomely bad !!! It is the best ` bad ' movie I have ever seen ! I have watched this movie over and over for more than 10 years ... I know every word and every scene ... I can also point out all the mess-up 's !! I never get tired of seeing this film !!
 This is a awsome movie that is about a group of high schoolers who smoke some raidoactive weed a flip out . It was very good and the gore was above average . The toxic avenger 1 and 4 are better though ... . But all arounf this is a great movie !!!
 This is a film only for those whom truly enjoy bad film-making , even worse acting , and off the wall characters . ... CLASS OF NUKE EM HIGH is without a doubt a film that summarizes the cliches , cliques , and comic tastes of the 80 's , makes the viewer laugh , want to go to the porcealan thrown , and very happy all in the same frame . A gore masterpiece in the genre of horror-comedies , this film is the second best in this genre ... I will remember this film for many years to come . Oh , and yes , it is a better movie than any Toxie film . B-bye .
 This film is very entertaining . Has that high-school atmosphere even though many of the actors look in their twenties . For a low-budget film it really depicts the nuclear aspect surprisingly well . The goober-like crowd against the nuclear-infected crowd is the good vs. evil in this film and it has its goofy moments and creative moments . Some real baberaham Lincolns ' as well . In the end I thought the writing and team-effort acting was what propelled this movie to success .
 It 's a wonder that any of these movies still exist at all.No , these films are n't Citizen Kane or Gone With The Wind , but at 2.50 each , who can complain.Most folks under 40 could care less about a black and white film that runs about an hour.Fans of these types of old dark house films should like this collection.The two best in my opinion are The Phantom and Tangled Destinies.Intruder is ok but I wish they would have substituted another film like The Dark Hour ' 36 , The Ninth Guest ' 34 , Midnight Mystery ' 30 , Return of the Terror ' 34 , etc. , instead of having Dead Men Walk , which can easily be found elsewhere.You 're never going to find any of these movies in pristine restored condition.That 's a given.I love these old dark house forgotten movies and wish there were more sets like these.If these type of films are n't your cup of tea , a price of 99 cents would be too much.But for the rest of us ; it 's a fine collection .
 The quality of these films is not great , but perfectly acceptable with no splices . Dead Men Walk would be better viewed on the Roan disc . I also enjoyed the other three films . These three films have conflicting running times making it difficult to determine if they are complete . Therefore , they are most likely missing some amount of footage .
 I am absolutely in awe of the stories and real live footage straight from the veterans at Iwo Jima . WWII has affected each and every one of us in some way , whether we know it or not . And this DVD tells the stories straight from the Veterans themselves . Iwo Jima
 I just watched this downloaded to my computer and I 'm going to buy it . My Dad is on it a couple times which makes it a keep sake for the family . He is shown on the cover also -- second from the left with thumbs in pockets . It is awesome hearing the men who were there narate . What these men sacrificed for our freedom must never be forgotten . My Dad has been gone for 9 years now but we will never forget .
 Should be required viewing in school . We tend to forget what World War II was really llike .
 very well done . will look toward this video to remember father in law . Slice of history we will look back on .
 An excellent history of the battle featuring first-person interviews with some of the survivors of the battle . An excellent companion for Eastwood 's Epic .
 I think every person should watch this and think about what these men gave up for all of us . I 'm glad that I did .
 Love the video -- an account of the battle and conditions on the island in the words of those who fought
 I left wanting more from this film , and give it `` 4 '' stars , but just OK and wo n't go any higher than that !
 I must admit that I had reservations about whether or not I would enjoy this movie . I was pleasantly surprised by its humor and wit , and Wilson and Hudson have a great chemistry together . Some of the exchanges between their characters reminded me of Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan movies -LRB- of which I am a big fan -RRB- . I am surprised at how many negative reviews it has received here . While I acknowledge that it is not the greatest film of all-time , it was a very entertaining movie , one I would recommend to any fan of romantic comedies .
 Well , I do n't really care what everyone who gave Alex & Emma a bad review thinks , because I loved this movie . I saw it at my cousin 's house yesterday , and it kept me glued to the screen for the whole 96 minutes . I laughed out loud , and even got a little teary at some parts . Kate Hudson was funny as usual , and Wilson did a good job on his part . If you like a comedy with a romantic twist , Alex & Emma is the movie for you .
 Movies do n't usually have much of an impact on me -- well , the Zapruder Film did , to some degree -- but most often I just go to the theater , eat the popcorn I smuggled in -LRB- to avoid horrendous prices -RRB- and allow my mind to relax for awhile in the dark.I fully thought `` Alex and Emma '' would simply be another of those relaxation films for me -- until it reached the ending . I was absolutely flabbergasted by the quirky , out-of-the-blue turn of events the screenwriters engineered at the conclusing of this delightful comedy . The plot 's wrap-up came so completely out of left field that I gasped audibly in the theater , disturbing everyone around me ; it was just so unexpected -LRB- unlike the Zapruder Film -- but then again , someone had tipped me off about that one -RRB- that I felt as though I 'd stumbled into another dimension , the disorientation was just that bad . Hat 's off to the writers for devising such a startlingly unexpected outcome . When you see this one , you 're not going to BELIEVE how it comes out between Alex and Emma . You 're just not going to believe they could ever end such a story in this fashion , especially a love story.Now , where did Alex find that publisher ? Alex needed his book money in order to pay off a gambling debt , and his writing process went down to the very last day -- but his publisher was somehow able to digest the entire novel , proclaim it a winner , and write the necessary checks within the specified timeframe , THAT VERY DAY . Was that like realistic or what ?
 Luke Wilson & Kate Hudson are hilarious together . This has two movies for the price of one , but so much more fun than The English Patient or The Hours . Luke Wilson is funny and cute , and Kate Hudson was PERFECT . Sophie Marceau is an added bonus . She &#65533; s always great ! The plot twists in Alex &#65533; s book are so funny ! I &#65533; d love a sequel just to see what the next novel would bring . I will probably buy this one .
 My husband and I just returned from seeing this movie . I really enjoyed it and my husband , well , he refers to this type movie as a ` chic flick ' . Although he liked it , he would not want to see it again .
 Stretched a bit around the Cuban Mafia putting up $ 100K to finance an author who must deliver a book manuscript within thirty days and a stenographer who answers an ad , then proceed to become part of the storyline and actually turn out to be just like the novel written and transcribed by the duo.In spite of this -LRB- what Hollywood flick does n't stretch reality quite a bit ? -RRB- this is fun and not insane on violence and sex.The story jumps back and forth between the dictation of the novel and it actually being acted out.Enjoy the changing of the au per and acting on this is good . Enjoyable .
 I am a huge Kate Hudson fan so I was so happy to see her in a romantic comedy with Luke Wilson ! It 's a very interesting and funny movie.The one drawback was that while it is interesting to have two stories going on with the characters - one being real life , the other being a story Luke 's character , Alex made up with actual realities-was that sometimes it could get a little confusing because I think the real life story should have had a little more time to develop.Kate always delivers fantastic movies so I was n't surprised at how well and convincing her acting was in this movie.Luke also did a great job of portraying the character of Alex. Very convincing!The actors are great , the story is cute , and it 's just one of those movies you can sit back and watch and have a good time!The extras on this DVD were not that great considering there were not very many , but the commentary would be better if Kate Hudson had been in it.This may not win any awards but it is a sweet film none the less !
 I really liked the movie , surprisingly enough . The ending is obviously predictable but still is sweet . It is set in Boston/Cambridge area . IF you actually live there you realize how fake most of the stuff looks besides that they did a good job in setting the story.Even though it is a good movie , the DVD does n't have anything extra special . i wish there were deleted scenes and even the background commentary gets boring after a while . they should have done something more special with that .
 TRUE LOVE IS N'T ALWAYS BASED ON FICTION . Author Alex -LRB- Luke Wilson -RRB- has writer 's block and is completely broke . On top of that , he owes loan sharks some money , a lot of money . To turn his life around , he has to finish a novel in 30 days -LRB- or else ... -RRB- , so he hires a stenographer named Emma -LRB- Kate Hudson -RRB- . Alex has a fine storyline , but this does n't stop opinionated Emma from challenging his ideas . His fictional story of love seems to mirror things from reality . While the story tries to work itself out , Alex and Emma spend days -LRB- and nights -RRB- working to finish the book . Soon , we find that the characters in his novel are n't the only ones falling in love ... Kate Hudson is fantastic in the film . She gracefully takes on five separate roles throughout the film -LRB- Ylva , Elsa , Eldora , Anna , and Emma -RRB- , which really impressive . Luke Wilson is also likeable and amusing . The creative script continues to grasp while Rob Reiner 's direction makes this film a `` When Harry Met Sally ... '' for the 21st century . `` Alex & Emma '' has romance and comedy , making it enjoyable with its fun comparisons and interesting artistic views . Reiner brings us a great romantic comedy that holds the audience and proves to be not only likeable , but also respectable . Kate Hudson 's portrayal of numerous characters proves she is worthy of any film that comes her way . I suggest you see `` Alex & Emma . '' It might surprise you .
 I went with my friend to see this movie for my birthday -- I 'm not typically a `` chick flik '' person ----- This movie is an exception , anyone can enjoy this movie because of it 's well written screenplay and witty humor . The acting and chemistry between Kate Hudson and Luke Wilson add to the story which is more then your average romantic comedy . What I found most enjoyable and interesting about the film was the unique approach of showing how characters and books create themselves and the writer just writes down what he/she learns - Wilson and Hudson make a great team and this movie is sure to leave your mind , heart and funny bone satisfied .
 I 'm suprised that so many people gave this movie a bad review . My boyfriend took me to see it because I had mentioned I wanted to go , and when he and I came out we both loved it !! It was fabulously written , Kate and Luke have great chemistry together , and we never even saw the ending coming.I ca n't wait for it to come out finally !! I 've been waiting MONTHS since I saw it in the theatre for it to be released !!
 I admit when I went to go see this movie it was only because nothing else intersting was one . When I watched it I was n't thrilled but I was n't totally hating this movie . Its predictable and has its funny moments however , watching it once or twice is probably enough . The plot is qute simple A writer needs someone to type up his stories for him so he hires a girl . They end up falling in love . Of course there are some complications -LRB- is life really that simple ? -RRB- Overall ; This movie is a good chick - flick watch it once or twice and thats probably enough for you .
 This movie had everything that makes a great `` date '' movie . There is comedy , romance , and a happy ending . Not to mention that the guys will love Kate Hudson and who could not like Luke Wilson ?
 If you are looking into buying thid DVD , i would certainly recomend that you hire before you buy . It 's one of them films where you either do like it or you just ca n't stand it . Me , i do n't normally hire before i buy because i choose most of my films with the actors i like in them but when i saw it , i realized it ` ss not all that good for some people . Firsty , a man hires a woman to do a book with him for 30 days or if he dose n't get it finished by then he will be in serious trouble . Anyway she and him think in the end of doing a story basedin the days ages ago , a romantic story . Finally when they have done the book , they fall in love with each other . Great romantic film .
 My sister told me not to watch this movie and of course as usual I did n't listen to her . I have to say that I loved this movie . I loved the story and I loved the ending . I loved the fact that they played the characters in the story , it made me laugh . I only gave it four stars because its not the kind of movie that I would watch over and over again or a tear jerker . But it is really good . My sister and I have different tastes in movies , that 's why I did n't listen to her . I 'm glad I did n't . I would have missed out on a great great film .
 okay so i 'm going to let loose this time . the movie i hated in theaters is great . were my 2 lady friends and i in grumpy moods ? we all hated it but it is n't bad at all . it is actually a very sweet movie starring Luke Wilson and Kate Hudson . this movie is well worth watching .
 I saw Alex and Emma in the theaters , and liked it immediately . It 's a very good movie , with many funny lines . Watch it !!!! If you do n't love it , you 'll at least like it !!
 I got this DVD as a birthday gift for a friend . It arrived on time and was in the condition that it was listed as .
 I really enjoy both of the lead players in this film - Kate Hudson and Luke Wilson . Kat Hudson , a stenographer reluctantly , and I mean , RELUCTANTLY , takes on the job of taking dictation from Luke Wilson so that he has a chance of finishing his latest book in time to get paid and then , in turn , pay off loan sharks who have set their own deadline . This is the setting for this romantic comedy , or is it romantic tragegy ... you decide.Wilson dictates the story which really is quite funny in places . Hudson dutifully takes the dictation , and then , eventually starts to comment on the story as it goes along . Of course the two become interested with each other , and just when things are looking like they might sizzle ... well , you have to watch the movie.I very much enjoy the switching between the real life events in the movie and the depiction of events that happen as they are being dictated . It 's a crack-up when we are viewing the book 's story and a re-write happens ... cut/splice/redo / etc. . That 's pretty creative.As far as watchability goes ... I do n't think this is a film that you 'd want to have your kids watch , even though it is pretty funny . It goes over the top in a place or two ... Anyway , I liked it ... but not for all viewers ... 4 stars .
 This movie has many flashbacks to the Roaring Twenties . I enjoyed watching this movie on the Hallmark Channel which is the reason I wanted it in my collection . Luke Wilson and Kate Hudson were great and I especially liked the ending .
 Cute Comedy/Romance . Do n't you just love Kate Hudson ? Will keep you entertained for a couple of hours . I had it on a DVD I recorded myself but wanted to replace it with the studio version .
 This was a cute movie ! I loved the storyline and how the romance was taking place in his story and real life at the same time . Very cute story idea , a great addition to my chick flick collection !
 Kate Hudson and Luke Wilson are fabulous in this movie . It 's an original story line in which Alex owes some guys money and has 30 days to pay , however , he can only get this money when he turns in his next book . In this case , he hires a stenographer to dictate his book to.Although this is a pretty typical `` romantic-comedy '' movie , and the outcome is predictable , I loved it . I thought it was pretty funny and the acting was great .
 I really do like Luke Wilson , and I really do like Kate Hudson . So what happens when you conbine the two ? You get `` Alex and Emma '' the new movie from director Rob Reiner . I liked this movie , not only because of the acting , but because of the story . In this movie , you do n't just get one story , but you get two . Each story has the characters facing problems , but the two stories are also very much the same . I was one of the only people that I know that liked this movie . Every critic trashed it , and it bombed at the box office , which is a surprise because Kate Hudson 's movie a few months before , `` How to Lose a Guy in Ten Days , '' was a box office hit . But I liked it , and I 'll tell you why.Let 's start with the stories of `` Alex and Emma . '' The first story is about Alex Sheldon who is a broke author with a large problem . He owes $ 100,000 to a couple of Cubans in the mafia because of a gambling debt . The way to get the money is to deliever the copy of his next book to his publisher Wirschafter . His other problem is that he has a strong sickness of writer 's block . After the Cubans set his laptop computer on fire , Alex hired Emma , a stenographer , to type up the book as he recites it to her . She decides to help , even after finding out that if he does not have the book finished in thirty days , the Cubans will kill him . As Alex writes the book , Emma has to throw in her comments along the way , and something happens to them that they would least expect ... they fall in love . I 'm not ruining anything by telling you that , it 's common knowledge.Alex 's book is pretty similiar to real life , a factor that writer 's like to include in their books . It is about a man named Adam who has come to tutor the children of Polina , a lovely French women who Adam falls madly in love with . The only problem there is that she is poor , and is waiting for her old grandmother to die and leave her the money . Otherwise she will have to marry her suitor John Shaw . Adam tries to find ways to get together with Polina and also becomes attracted to the worker for Polina who changes from Ylva to Elsa to Eldora and finally to Anna . Those four characters are all played by Kate Hudson . The story within a story is clever , and I liked how you could tell what is similar to real life and what is n't , untill you find out EXACTLY what is similar to real life and what is n't . I liked this movie because it had alot of dialouge , and alot of witty lines that are thrown out there . It was a good movie that I recommend to all . I hope you will get the chance to read this review , because then mabye this movie will get a little more buzz on video.ENJOY!Rated PG-13 for sexual content and some language .
 After reading the mixed reviews , we were very pleasantly surprised by this movie . Luke Wilson is cast as Alex , a novelist who is unable to fulfill his contract with his publisher -LRB- Rob Reiner -RRB- due to writer 's block . His task suddenly assumes a great deal of urgency when two enforcers pay him a visit and give him a deadline of thirty days to pay off a gambling debt of $ 100,000 or be killed . Since they torched his computer during their appearance , he decides to dictate the story to Emma , a stenographer played by Kate Hudson . This also allows him to concentrate on the creative task confronting him , although a fair amount of the comedy involves her commentary on his efforts.The novel is a 1924 tale involving Adam Shipley -LRB- also played by Luke Wilson -RRB- , an Andover student who takes a summer job tutoring the children of Polina Delacroix -LRB- Sophie Marceau -RRB- . The situation quickly becomes the classic story of a love triangle , with Polina faced with the dilemma of having chosen to marry for money but meanwhile increasing attracted to Adam . As Adam schemes how to become wealthy , his infatuation for Polina keeps him from recognizing his attraction for the various incarnations of her servant -LRB- the character keeps morphing as the story is rewritten -RRB- , so Kate Hudson becomes the Swede Ylva , then the German Elsa , followed by the Spaniard Eldora before ending up as the American Anna . This is all done in a very clever and lighthearted manner.Meanwhile , the novel 's scenes are interspersed with the development of the relationship betwen Alex and Emma during their increasing frantic attempt to meet the Alex 's deadline . And not at all surprisingly , their real lives intersect with the plotline of the novel . Emma increasingly wonders if there is a real life Polina ? Why is Alex as afraid of commitment as his characters ? The cast gives the movie just the right feel , and Rob Reiner does a great job as both producer and director as well as in his small but crucial supporting role . There is enough time for the story to develop , but the various elements of the story are n't stretched out unnecessarily.This is a very clever , quite funny film . The humor is often low key -LRB- as in the instance of the law firm and its partners -RRB- , rather than the slapstick hilarity that occasions raucous laughter . Thus , when not actually laughing we were almost constantly smiling . The key point is that the story and the techniques that are used to tell it work well in my estimation , rather than seeming to be forced into service to tell the story . I truly enjoyed the multiple roles played by Luke Wilson and Kate Hudson and their various romantic entanglements . It was especially fun to see Ms. Hudson alternate between Emma and her serial incarnations as Ylva , Elsa , Eldora , and Anna . And much to my surprise , the ending was a perfect conclusion to both the novel and the film .
 Rating System :1 star = abysmal ; some movies deserve to be forgotten2 star = poor ; a total waste of time3 star = good ; worth the effort4 star = very good ; what a flick should be5 star = fantastic ; must own it and share it with othersSTORY
 I liked this movie . I liked the low-key tempo , I liked the easy familiarity of both the actors and their characters , and I liked how their relationship in real life was reflected by the characters in the book . I especially liked that both actors , and their characters were so likable that it was like sitting down for an hour-and-a-half with some old friends and just relaxing.This was never meant to be An Officer and a Gentleman or Casablanca . This was n't a story about histrionics and/or sparks flying . This was meant to be , and is , a story about two people with flaws , who find them to be complimentary . You can see it in the way they immediately fall into an old relationship pattern of taking shots at one another , criticising each other , but not taking it too seriously , rather passing it off as just them being them . You also see it in the way they continue to write or talk to each other as they use the toilet , eat , etc.The changing relationship can be most clearly seen -LRB- from Alex 's viewpoint -RRB- in the changing of the characters Kate Hudson plays in the book - from the -LRB- pain in the a ** -RRB- au pair Ylva , to the interested confidant Elsa -LRB- both deliberately overacted by Kate to indicate Alex 's current vision of her -RRB- , to the absolutely adorable Anna , the love interest . And , of course Emma is very defensive of these characters throughout , thereby revealing her feelings about Adam/Alex . This is validated in the final scene as Alex/Emma interchange with Adam/Anna , personally and in time.Not every movie has to leave you breathless , crying , hyped - whatever . Some , like this one , are just meant to be enjoyed , and leave you relaxed and feeling good . There 's no harm in that - I 've spent far more time and money for far less return.The ultimate message here is that you do n't necessarily have to stop chasing your dream , just be sure it 's the RIGHT dream .
 This film is so romantic and great . It 's on my top 10 list of most romantic romance comedy movies . Kate 's character is most likeable . Her acting is way better then in her acting in previous other movies I saw her in . If you like romantic comedy movies give this a try , but if I were you , I 'd rent it or something before you decide to actually buy it . I 'm sorry if this review was n't helpful .
 Between the money-thirsty but dazzling Polina -LRB- Sophie Marceau -RRB- and the pleasant , down-to-earth Anna -LRB- Kate Hudson -RRB- , what should a penniless Adam -LRB- Luke Wilson -RRB- do ? This was the plot about which Alex -LRB- Luke Wilson -RRB- the author wrote a book in 30 days . His stenographer Emma -LRB- Kate Hudson -RRB- , who liked a book only if the ending pleased her , often protested and steered Alex 's story in the right direction.As the plot of the book materialised , Emma 's affection for Alex grew just as Adam 's relationship with Anna blossomed in the book . But then Emma gradually suspected that Alex drew on his own experiences in writing and dreaded the threat of Polina , Alex 's dream lover , in real life . Moreover , would the book 's fruitless ending of the love triangle bear any reflection on Alex 's attitude of shunning intimate relationships?A simple plot this was . All three characters got to play dual characters - in the book and in real life . But Rob Reiner , the director -LRB- When Harry met Sally -RRB- juggled tactfully between the book 's characters and Alex-Emma dialogue , making the development crisp and sharp . He also played a substantial part in the movie . Kate Hudson played superbly as a die-hard romantic - lovable , opined , decisive and non-compromising . The surprise was the dazzling beauty of Sophie Marceau , both in the book 's character and as Alex 's ex-lover who showed up in the end for a possible reunion . But what held this movie together was the carefully crafted words of the book , sweetened by Luke Wilson 's clear and enlightening voice . Surely , the ending was predictable ; yet witnessing the birth of a book , from beginning to end , with a rewritten ending somehow injected dynamicism and creative process in the movie . Not a romantic comedy of actions , big emotional ups and downs . Rather it is for those who appreciate romance in subtlety . Quite refreshing .
 The irony here is that it takes a READER to truly appreciate this film . If you did n't like this movie , try picking up a book once in a while .
 I thought this movie was smart , funny and original.Have seen it several times which is all I need to say as far as my tastes go.In my top 10 lists .
 I guess humor is subjective because I thought this movie had it in spades . I found myself laughing often . I also enjoyed not only the fact that the main character Alex was a writer , but the insight into the creative process and what might be considered metaphors for aspects of the writing life . An example ? How about Alex 's being dangled off a balcony by loan sharks as a metaphor for how it feels to have a deadline looming and have a block in your way ? How about the frustration of being a writer who spends months , maybe years crafting a book from start to finish , carefully arranging the plot sequence , only to have a reader flip to the last page of the book first ? Listen to the commentary if you want more ideas on how the movie is a metaphor for the creative process . As for Alex 's cliches in his writing ? He 's blocked , he 's on a thiry day timeline , he 's got to write something , and cliches are often the first things that come to mind . It 's one of the reason 's it often takes a lot of editing to turn a rough draft into a publishable book . Someone asked if Alex could use a pencil instead of hiring a stenographer . He could , but he might miss the thirty day deadline because he might have trouble keeping up with his thoughts or making it neat , that is if his handwriting is anything like mine . Then he 'd have to get it typed , and so why not have it typed from the start and dictate it so you do n't have to worry about losing track of your thoughts ? In any case , I thought this was a great movie . Kate Hudson and Luke Wilson had definite chemistry , and that I 'd say is probably the most important element of any romantic film . I was really rooting to get them together , basically from the start . So do yourself a favor , give Alex and Emma a try .
 This may not be a great movie , but it is charming . I have n't seen many movies with Kate Hudson , but I have been surprised how talented she is . I especially liked the `` old time '' scenes , very well done ! My husband and I really enjoyed watching that movie .
 Ok , so it 's a chick flick ! It still has a pretty good plot -LRB- even though a little confusing -RRB- , and you wo n't fall asleep while watching . As with all GOOD movies , the ending does n't leave you hanging or wondering `` what just happened ? '' .
 Despite being uneven and overdramatic in some spots , this movie is absolutely intriguing . The first fifteen minutes are basically pointless , but the rest is fabulous . The characters are so complex that at the end you 're still wondering who was the bad guy and who was the good guy . Natalie Wood as Daisy Clover managaes to look beautiful even though she looks like a frumpy teenager . Roddy McDowall is the producer 's snippy assistant . Katherine Bard plays Mrs. Swan , who tells Daisy `` your husband never could resist a charming boy . '' Robert Redford looks extremely handsome as bisexual actor Wade Lewis -LRB- my favorite scene is when he talks to Daisy in the beautiful white bedroom -RRB- . But the piece de resistance is Christopher Plummer as the ambiguous studio producer Raymond Swan . That guy is truly an amazing actor . The scenes he has with Daisy are my favorite -LRB- the swimming pool and beach house -RRB- . The memorable script , the main actors , and the gorgeous , glamorous 1930s Hollywood setting make this movie worth seeing .
 Those expecting a light musical concerning glamourous Hollywood beware
 1965 's INSIDE DAISY CLOVER was a story that Natalie Wood felt a great need and personal responsibility to tell . Starting out as a child star herself in the 1940s , she knew the pitfalls and tricks of Hollywood 's dream machine all too well . A gritty backstage melodrama , INSIDE DAISY CLOVER is , in my opinion , one of Wood 's most underrated movies.Fifteen year old Daisy Clover -LRB- Natalie Wood -RRB- lives in a caravan on Angel Beach with her eccentric , card-reading mother -LRB- Ruth Gordon -RRB- . A tomboy with a grimy sweatshirt and tossled mop of ashe blonde hair , Daisy spends her days operating a booth where people can buy `` personally autographed '' pictures of the stars ; and singing into a ` record your voice ' novelty machine . All that changes when Daisy enters a talent competition at Swan Studios . Film producer Raymond Swan -LRB- Christopher Plummer -RRB- recognises an elusive talent in young Daisy and begins to groom her for stardom ... . Robert Redford co-stars as Wade Lewis , a dashing matinee idol who hides his bisexuality long enough to marry and dump Daisy after the wedding night . This was his first big Hollywood role , after being personally recommended for the movie by Ms Wood.Natalie Wood was quoted as saying at the time
 One of Natalie Wood 's best performances in the role of Daisy Clover , a young woman who discovers that fame and fortune in Hollywood does n't come without a price . Superb supporting performances by Ruth Gordon as Daisy 's hapless mother , Robert Redford as her movie star boyfriend whose true lifestyle is in the closet , Christopher Plummer as the CEO of the movie studio ; Katherine Bard as his frustrated , lonely wife , and Roddy McDowall as a studio Executive Assistant . For the film buff , some excellent shots around the backlots and stages of Warner Bros. . Pictures , doubling for the story 's `` Swan Studios . ''
 From her opening scenes as the mumbleing , cigarette puffing urchin with a chip on her shoulder to her last Natalie Wood does it again ! This woman was truly one of the greats ! She blew me away in this one . Especially her shattering scene in the sound booth ! ... and again , not even an Oscar nomination ! If you like films about Hollywood and movie making you ca n't miss this one !
 In this highly-underated look at the so called `` dark '' side of Hollywood , Natalie Wood portrays Daisy Clover , a young girl growing up in the 1930 's who declares to her mom , `` I can SING ! I open up my mouth and a song comes out ! `` And so , she records a song in a do-it-yourself Recording Booth and sends it to Swan Studios , which is run by Mr. Swan portrayed by Christopher Plummer . Natalie does some of her own singing in this film . That is her own voice singing the opening introduction notes to `` You 're Gon na Hear From Me '' in the screen test scene . Then , the singing is taken over by studio vocalist Jackie Ward . Her other musical number in this film is the popular Dory Previn tune , `` The Circus is A Wacky World '' . Natalie does a great job in this picture . True , the film itself is a little uneven in spots , but it all somehow comes together . Rounding out the cast are Rob Redford as the Gay Husband , Roddy MacDowell as the Gay snippy Assistant , and Ruth Gordon as the crazy mother sent to a Sanitarium -LRB- All these dark side of Hollywood Movies HAVE to have a Sanitarium in them , or have n't you noticed -RRB- . This film is another `` must have '' for Natalie Wood fans .
 The star system of the 30 's on trial . See a close paralell of Natalie Wood 's rise to stardom in Hollywood , get a fascinating look at how deal 's are really made , and answer the magic question of whether you can really fit a producer 's heart into a thimble . This is a bittersweet tale , and the moral of the story is if you ca n't stand the heat , get out of the kitchen . A fascinating watch .
 IT 'S that delightful closing scene - ` the EXPLODING house ' scene , -LSB- and possibly one of the funniest attempted suicide scenes on celluloid , but that 's beside the point -RSB- . NATALIE WOOD is excellent as the young tyke absorbed by the ` Engulf and Devour ' system still so popular in Tinseltown . She 's bumped , bruised , abused and somewwhat shattered along the way - only to survive - HER way ! She 's funny , moving , canny and overall quite , quite memorable in this role . -LSB- Wonderful - obligatory - breakdown scene in the sound booth -RSB- . Yes , she sings in this one.I believe that this was Mr. Plummer 's second foray into celluloid -LSB- prior being `` The Sound of Music '' -RSB- and he is deliciously chilling as SWAN , the Studio Head - NOT forgetting Katharine Bard 's cameo as Mrs. Swan -LSB- great scene with Miss Wood , the party scene with Natalie in the Choir Boy 's outfit ... . bordering slightly on kink ... -RSB- RUTH GORDON ? Excellent as the slowly fading Mama.With Robert Redford -LSB- one of his first big breaks - thanks to Natalie -RSB- , not forgetting Roddy McDowall as Swan 's ` long suffering ' secretary . Yes , it 's all here , a great compansion piece to Blake Edward 's 'S . O.B. ' - even `` Day of the Locust '' . This lost `` Robert Mulligan '' well deserves to be restored to full DVD glory.It 's one of NATALIE WOOD 's best ! -LSB- It also says quite a lot about ` damage control ' in Hollywood -RSB- .
 Inside Daisy Clover was Natalie Wood 's best effort , but the truly amazing performance in this movie is Christopher Plummer 's portrait of the powerful , imperious movie mogul Raymond Swann . Plummer 's poolside soliloquy which ends in the ironic `` Love , Who needs it ? '' is masterful.PLEASE give us this movie in DVD . I still keep the VHS version even though I no longer have a VCR !
 i had searched everywhere for this movie and finally found it . I love it ! Thanks amazon !
 The Natalie Wood was miss cast for this role she.The Katharine Bard appears to be far to old for the role of Raymond Swan I think this was why she was ignored.I did not enjoy Robert Redford performance I found it lack creditability.I really enjoyed Christopher Plummer he showed more than one side to the character . He showed a caring side and also showed the double standard side . Why did he not get A Golden Globe nomination.Linda Colliver
 My infatuation with Natalie Wood continued . I saw this movie three weekends in a row . Natalie plays a young star disillusioned by fame and love . Robert Redford co-stars . Natalie 's relationship with husband Robert Wagner was unique . They married young , divorced , married other people , divorced them , remarried and had a daughter . Natalie drowned in 1981 when she fell off a boat . She had a fear of water .
 Where has this movie been all my life ? This is high camp on the order of `` Valley of the Dolls '' and `` Mommie Dearest '' . Why is it that Hollywood can make realistic cop movies but miss the mark so wide when making movies about themselves ? Whatever the reason , if campy gems like this are the result , I 'm all for it . Worth twice the price for the Sound Booth scene , as well as Natalie Wood 's Showstopping dance through the galaxy , and Robert Redford playing gay . Get this movie now !
 I watched this last night . Stayed up waayyy too late . What a movie . Natalie Wood is amazing . Flopping around on the boardwalk ... an awkward , strong and oddly attractive waif-like character , barefoot , in dirty clothes with crazy hair , that at one point she cuts , instead of combing . Ruth Gordon is lovely . Robert Redford is convincing . And you always wonder what the heck is going on in Christopher Plummer 's mind . Creepy . Generally , things end up on a sad note , this ai n't Singing In The Rain , and I did get sick of hearing the song , Wood 's character kept singing over and over , and not very well , about how she 's gon na be a big star . But everything else is wonderful . A great movie .
 I saw this movie when I was a child and thought it was great . As an adult you remember things and wonder if they are just as good and sometimes find them and view them and are disappointed , but I must say that `` Inside Daisy Clover '' is just as good now as I remembered it to be then . This movie told the inside story before it was the popular thing to do , I ca n't wait for it to come out on DVD .
 It 's always amazed me that this movie does n't get more respect -- sure it 's campy but the performances are fantastic
 Fantastic movie one of the best movies of Natalie Woods films if you liked This Property Condemned you will truly enjoy owning this video .
 This is for a select crowd but is a rare jewel to those who can appreciate it . It is Natalie Wood at 27 playing a teenager and doing it quite believably . She plays a part that few others could play with such character and if you enjoyed Leslie Caron in Fanny you will enjoy this as well .
 I 've waited a long time to own this movie . The DVD is in 2.35 ratio , not my favorite by any means , but there were no other options . The picture is clear and no soundtrack problems . The story may be a bit outdated but I still thoroughly enjoy it . Natalie Wood is great and at the end , you wonder why anyone wants to be an actor and get tangled up in the whole process of making movies . This is a movie that makes you use your brain , not just your eyes to see fancy visual effects . I feel it 's well worth seeing , and for those who enjoy what Hollywood used to give us , you should enjoy this very much .
 Fantastic movie one of the best movies of Natalie Woods films if you liked This Property Condemned you will truly enjoy owning this video .
 I see the average on this one has been 4 stars , and I ca n't imagine why . It has great acting , a really good plot , some sad parts , some really funny parts , and really good music besides . What more could you ask ?
 Marvelous to see these wonderful episodes again . Even more enjoyable than years ago when they were first aired on television -- no commercials !! The format is well done , nostalgic for us , and wonderfully appealing for our children . There has never been an animated adventure series like Jonny Quest , truly educational , scientific , not foolish , and DECENT !! The men are manly and capable , not deliberately made to look like incompetents , the young boys exhibit a healthy desire to learn , and are respectful to their authority figures , even in their curiosity and childish scrapes . What a treasure to introduce to this generation of selfish , entitlement-saturated , immoral young people . The special features include very well expressed interviews -- must see !
 Hanna-Barbera 's `` Jonny Quest '' , which debuted in September 1964 , remains today what it was when those 26 original episodes first aired so many years ago ... and that is
 This is a fabulous DVD set of original videos . My son and husband were very excited and Johnny looks the same as I remember . If you loved Johnny Quest as a kid , share it with yours .
 These short comics are just as I remembered them as a young boy . This is so great how they can reproduce some things lost in childhood . I suggest to pass these great , clean , energetic cartoons for your young family and friends .
 As good as I remember . My 8 and 10 yr olds love it .
 Johnny is still the derring do kid - smart , savvy and mannerly too.Perfect gift for the young ones . Great for a trip down memory laneand for those young at heart who raised their children with Johnny .
 You would think an animated cartoon from the sixties would not have aged very well , but think again . The amount of time spent on storyline and character development and the attention to background detail must have been huge ! Each episode has an incredibly exciting story to tell that happens in some different part of the world and always involves new scientific gadgets , inventions , and ideas . The colors and background shading are terrific and coupled with the orchestration lend some definite atmosphere to the series . The personalities of the characters and their attire still blend in well with today 's culture , & kids of all ages -LRB- my 1st grader , my 10th grader , and me & the spouse -RRB- love it !
 When I was a boy , Saturday was a day of heady delights
 I ca n't believe Johnny Quest only did one season . This is a great adventure with fun characters and a great call back to the animated adventure comic strip tradition that thrived in earlier years with titles lilke Prince Valiant and others . Fun stuff and I am glad I can take it on my laptop on the road with the kids .
 I was four years old when this was on Television , yet I remember several episodes plain as day . That was how exciting I found young Jonny Quest to be and how enveloping the inventions and science fiction to be , even as a preschooler . I also remember being excitedly scared by some of the more fantastic elements of the show ... like `` Turu the Terrible '' and `` The Invisible Monster ! '' This was the kind of stuff an eventual reader of Hardy Boys , Tom Swift and Danny Dunn books craved before books began to seep into my life . Now that these DVD 's have been issued , it 's a safe bet to say they will have a permanent space on my DVD shelf.So why not a perfect 5 stars ? We 'll get to that . First the plusses . These were , more than anything else , adventures for boys . Jonny and Hadji were always there when the brilliant Dr. Benton Quest got a call to rush from Quest Laboratories in the Florida Keys to some far off country , travelling on the most recent invention . Lasers and Space Flight were frequent resources for story lines , and as a 4 year old want-to-be astronaut , it made it seem like anything was possible . Of course , this was the era of cold war politics , so the villains were often foreign guys with creepy accents . -LRB- Think Dr. Zin . -RRB- One of the frequent reasonings for Dr. Quest to have to go out on one of his missions was to make sure that these innovations did n't fall `` Into the wrong hands . `` But it also meant that Jonny -LRB- and , by proxy , I -RRB- were able to visit Tibet , the Arctic Circle , South American rain forests and other exotic -LRB- and real !! -RRB- locales before I even entered school . Looking at these 40 year old episodes anew , it 's amazing that Jonny looks like he could be drawn today ; an inquisitive eleven year old in black shirt , blue jeans and sneakers , he could be from anywhere USA even now . And who would n't want to have an extended family with a cool an adoptive brother as Hadji -LRB- one of animation 's -- or , for that matter , all of prime time 's -- minority main characters -RRB- , a tutor as devoted as teacher/bodygaurd Race Bannon or a dad as equal parts brilliant to understanding as Dr. Quest ? Add that the animation was far more real looking than the club footed dopiness of `` The Flintstones '' or the animals acting like people of `` Top Cat , '' -LRB- Bandit never suddenly started to ask for treats ... -RRB- etc , and the world of Jonny Quest was something that we all could slip in to.In the pre PC world , Jonny could react exactly as a kid could when first confronted by an inquisitive girl -LRB- in `` The Dreadful Doll '' -RRB- . No matter how you slice it , a kid his age would be flustered and annoyed by a female his age making inquiries . By the time the `` New Adventures '' came out , Jonny had to have a female foil , and my response was just what Jonny 's would have been had he been a typical -LRB- read
 Just found out that this SUPER series is finally coming to DVD , ... Santa got my letter . This show along with `` The Flintstones '' is truly a favorite of mine . It 's better than the new Jonny . It only lasted one season , but was a great adventure show for the whole family . I like that phrase `` For the whole family '' , you do n't have too many shows like these anymore . This is a must for any DVD collection . Here are the air dates and the rerun dates for the season . -LCB- SEASON ONE -RCB- 9/18/1964 `` Mystery of the lizard men `` 9/25/1964 `` Arctic splahdown '' 4/8/196510 / 2/1964 `` The curse of the Anibis '' 6/3/196510 / 9/1964 `` Pursuit of Po Ho '' 4/1/196510 / 16/1964 `` Riddle of gold '' 4/22/196510 / 23/1964 `` Treasure of the temple '' 3/25/196510 / 30/1964 `` Calcutta Adventure '' 7/1/196511 / 6/1964 `` Robot spy '' 5/6/196511 / 13/1964 `` Double danger '' 5/27/196511 / 20/1964 `` Shadow of the condor '' 4/29/196511 / 27/1964 `` Skull & double crossbones '' 7/8/196512 / 4/1964 `` The dreadful doll '' 6/24/196512 / 11/1964 `` A small matter of pygmies `` 12/18/1964 `` Dragons of ashiba '' 3/18/1965and 4/15/196512 / 25/1964 `` Turu the terrible '' 5/20/196512 / 31/1964 `` The fraudulent valcano '' 8/12/19651 / 7/1965 `` Werewolf of the timberland '' 7/22/19651 / 14/1965 `` Pirates from below '' 5/13/19651 / 21/1965 `` Attack of the tree people '' 6/10/19651 / 28/1965 `` The invisible monster '' 8/5/19652 / 4/1965 `` The devil 's tower '' 8/19/19652 / 11/1965 `` The Quetone missle mystery '' 9/9/19652 / 18/1965 `` The house of 7 gargoles `` 2/25/1965 `` Terror Island '' 7/15/1965and 7/29/19653 / 4/1965 `` Monsters of the monastery '' 8/26/19653 / 11/1965 `` The sea hunt '' 9/2/1965
 It was 1964-65 , and being almost 11 at the time , I remember JQ very well indeed . My brothers and I would be totally captivated by JQ when it aired on Friday evenings at 7:30 . It was light years ahead of any other animated program ... bar none ! Fast paced , intelligently written with story lines that would even hold our father 's interest.After it 's one season run , JQ was rehashed in syndication for several years . I will always recall noticing how in the mid-70 's someone decided to `` crop '' certain scenes from each episode ... usually involving some level of violence . This always seemed to lend an air of `` lameness '' to that particular episode ... ala the `` A-Team '' where a dozen guys with automatic weapons fire at each other with NOBODy getting seriously hit!Hmmm ... violence with NO consequences ... gee , what a FANTASTIC message for impressionable young minds!Gee , in this day and age of rampant `` PC '' , I am surprised to read that only comments such as `` heathen monkeys '' and `` ignorant savages '' are being voiced over . How in the heck did Jade get away from the censors with that cigarette holder she is almost always seen with ?!? What can we expect next from the `` PC '' brigade ... screening every film since 1972 for any reference to the World Trade Center and editing THEM out too?Come on , people ... Jonny Quest is a CARTOON . Leave things as they were originally ment to be , will ya ' ?!? Anything less is just plain insulting to those of us that remember ...
 Some of you may remember reruns of the TV show , Jonny Quest on the television machine.Jonny Quest was made in the early 1960s ; the greatest years of american civilization . The tailfin years . The world of Jonny Quest is a world filled with super technology ; they all have special secret agent gadgets , hovercrafts are how scientists get around land , they fly around in a supersonic jet ; everything is tailfinned and jet powered . America had just conquered the atom and beat the stuffings out of the Nazis a mere 19 years before , and had turned the Empire of Japan into the empire of nice cameras and Godzilla movies . It was the time of the first generation of supersonic jet aircraft ; every barrier that nature put up seemed breakable . This was the apex of the machine age . The age of optimism that built the Saturn-5 rocket that took americans to the moon . It was the age of chrome grilles and preposterous consumer items like 500 horsepower Plymouth Max Wedge engines.The Johnny Quest adventures happen in the wilds of the world . To the western mind of the early 1960s , there were still wild lands where one could experience high adventure . Places with poisonous snakes , quicksand , animated mummies , villains in submarines , booby-trapped ivy-covered hidden temples , levitating hindus and bone-through-the-nose cannibals . Places like Bali might as well have been the dark side of the moon to an american in those days . This is completely bizarre to modern sensibilities , but it is quite true . Even in the early 1970s , being able to make a few minutes telephone call from Vietnam to America was insanely difficult . Getting to Yemen was still an adventure ; people actually wrote adventure travel books which simply involved going some place weird and far away.The animation is shockingly good . Apparently , this wildly popular show had to be canceled because the production quality was too high
 The era of timid , PC a __ - covering , that is . I refer of course to the dialogue edited from the PO-HO episode , tho ' apparently Pygmies can muster no relevant pressure groups which would deluge Time Warner with choreographed protests , so it 's still okay to note that they were not `` warm and friendly people . `` Actually , I 'm a bit surprised that this set was released at all , cognizant as I am of the number of spare-timers in the world these days whose sole occupation is waiting to be offended , and if the stimulus does n't come , seeking it out . That said , there are just four very minor beefs about this set which any sane person -LRB- i.e. any person whose all-time favorite show was n't Jonny Quest , and who has not been waiting since the 70s for a release like this -RRB- can safely ignore :1 . The aforementioned censorship . Cheap , low-class , sniveling -- more offensive than what Race actually said , in the sense that it was a cartoon character saying something about a far-remote and imaginary jungle tribe DURING the mid-1960s IN prime time . Meanwhile , the cut is REAL . So you thought you could toss your VHS copies when this set came out , eh ? 2 . Of all the grand artwork produced in conjunction with this series in the Sickles/Caniff/Toth / Wildey mold , the good folks at Time Warner went to great pains to dredge up a hack image which appears to have come from the mid-1980s version of the show -- the existence of which most Jonny Quest fans refuse to recognize -- and slap it on the box cover .3 . Remastering is a fine thing where film and video are concerned -LRB- it is death to original analog sound recordings , but that 's another topic -RRB- , but the saturation of these colors is a little blatant , seemingly in line with the idea of making the show look as if it were produced yesterday . Film prints age like wines and cheeses , and take on a velvety richness which is quite subtle . This subtlety is steamrolled in cranking up the colors to an extent which they never really possessed -LRB- anyone who has seen original cels or early film prints of JQ will acknowledge this to be the case -RRB- . Again , a minor quibble , and certainly not something I expected a DVD reissue campaign to even consider .4 . Extras , schmextras . Aside from the P.F. Flyers ad , I 'd rather all that space went to just two things
 First of all , I 'm thrilled to finally have Jonny Quest on DVD . Despite being a product of its time , with its overt racism , sexism , etc. , it 's still head and shoulders above the sanitized pablum that is currently inflicted on children -LRB- and the parents responsible enough to watch what their children are viewing -RRB- . Let 's face it , even the sanitized pablum has its problems with non-PC issues ... they 're just disguised better than they were in the old sixties cartoons . Yes , JQ was quite violent , but it showed violence with consequences . People were hurt or died when they were shot or beaten . Nowadays , cartoons show violence as being safe , i.e. , nobody dies , everybody just bounces back and recovers.Overall , the DVDs are pretty good , however , I 'd also like to complain about the dialogue edits that other people have mentioned . Given all the other non-PC issues in JQ that were left in , these particular edits -LRB- of outdated terms that most of the younger generation are unlikely to even recognize as racist slurs -RRB- are ridiculous.In terms of the DVD production , I agree with other reviewers that the colors are oversaturated.I 'm also going to mention that two episodes , `` Mystery of the Lizard Men '' and `` Pursuit of the Po-Ho , '' have a bad case of the telecine jitters . So if you 've noticed these episodes jittering back and forth , it 's not because your eyes are tired or your equipment is bad . Somebody involved in the DVD production decided to be cheap , obviously , since they did n't bother to correct this problem . I sincerely hope the various technical issues are resolved in a future release.JQ started out with a five from me for the nostalgia factor , but because of the edits and the technical problems , I 'm subtracting a point .
 Here it is , the series that sent busybody do-gooder group Action for Children 's Television -LRB- ACT -RRB- into apoplexy in the 1960s and 70s . The most politically incorrect cartoon series ever made.Jonny Quest features two ten-year old boys who occasionally handle guns ! Johnny Quest follows the adventures of Johnny -LRB- white -RRB- and Hadji -LRB- Aryan Indian -RRB- , and their pet bulldog `` Bandit '' a preternaturally intelligent animal who is almost human with his miniature body type and cowardice of Lou Costello.Jonny 's bodyguard `` Race '' Bannon is there to keep Jonny and Hadji safe -LRB- Rutger Hauer modeled his character in `` Blade Runner off of him -RRB- , and Jonny 's father is famous scientist Dr. Benton Quest -LRB- you can tell he 's a scientist , he has a flaming red goatee -RRB- who invents reasons for them to have lots of guns and jet planes.Graphics are all in detailed Doug Wildey 's fantastic comic-book-panel like minimalist animation.In the Jonny Quest universe there are lots of ray guns built by evil people in exotic places , so our heroes have to race around the world blowing things up.And yes
 I remember THIS show from way back when . JONNY QUEST debuted in 1964 on primetime TV , lasting -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- only one 26-episode season despite its ratings , after which it was cancelled by ABC , who could n't afford it -LRB- ! -RRB- because this animated show demanded so much detail.Why the DVD is marketed as THE COMPLETE FIRST SEASON is a mystery worthy of the show 's protagonists as there was only one season.After being cancelled , JONNY QUEST moved into the land of syndicated Saturday morning cartoons where it held on for seven years , before falling victim to the Children 's Television Thought Police who said it was too violent for a young audience -LRB- forgetting that it had originally been a primetime show -RRB- . Apparently , Warner Bros. is of the same mind , having excised some of the violence and much of the colorful language -LRB- `` Hands up , you monkeys ! '' -RRB- from this release . Too bad . After all , JONNY QUEST was of a different era , and this Orwellian desire to bowdlerize everything and rewrite the past does n't undo what was , it only hides it , and so the lessons are lost.Never mind the fact that JONNY QUEST was intelligent , imaginative , visionary , and just plain well done . Hanna-Barbera , who gave us THE FLINTSTONES and THE JETSONS -LRB- and HUCKLEBERRY HOUND and QUICK-DRAW McGRAW , among many others -RRB- pulled out the stops for JONNY QUEST.Each week , Jonny , his adopted brother Hadji -LRB- from India , and always dressed in turban and Nehru jacket -RRB- , and their dog Bandit , would accompany Jonny 's father , Dr. Benton Quest , an eminent scientist and explorer , and his pilot , Roger `` Race '' Bannon , to the far ends of the earth to make some kind of unique discovery or fight some exotic , usually Eurasian , evildoers.JONNY QUEST is redolent of the atmosphere of TERRY AND THE PIRATES and the Saturday Matinee film serials of the previous generation of the 1940s . It also owes much to Young Adult book series ' such as JACK ARMSTRONG , THE HARDY BOYS , THE THREE INVESTIGATORS , and TOM SWIFT and TOM SWIFT JR.One week 's episode might find Dr. Quest in danger of life and limb while investigating a Mummy 's Curse in Egypt , while the next week might find the Quests in China , discovering radioactive emeralds that make time-travel spaceflight possible . Jonny Quest 's planet Earth is filled with far-flung places that should be on the map , places with names like Dragonia and Mundania -- places that tantalized the imagination of older and younger viewers alike.There is much of James Bond and DR. NO in JONNY QUEST . If the evildoers are all foreign-sounding , put it down to Cold War paranoia -LRB- remember , the show hit the airwaves just two years after the Cuban Missile Crisis -RRB- , and if the tribesmen and locals are a little too primitively savage and speak jungle gibberish , put that down to American naivete . Still , by presenting us with Hadji , JONNY QUEST was the first primetime show to feature a nonwhite character in a major recurring -LRB- and equal -RRB- role . It was a landmark accomplishment.The impact of JONNY QUEST can be measured by its impact on another famous Johnny , Johnny Carson . Carson 's TONIGHT SHOW character , the psychic Karnak The Magnificent -LRB- wearing an oversized turban -RRB- borrowed Hadji 's mystical incantation , `` Sim Sala Bim '' for his exercises in mind-reading . One of the best animated shows of its era , or ever , I always looked forward to JONNY QUEST , and I 'm thrilled it 's out on DVD . The original episodes are classics , and never grow stale .
 Although I will agree with some of the negative comments found in many of the reviews here , I also do n't think any of them are all that significant . People are only commenting about the set , not the shows themselves , which are pretty much unassailable in my view . The small flaws in the set surely do n't qualify as deal-breakers , not even close . If you love Jonny Quest , this set IS an improvement over your old VHS set taped off of TV . Geez , what Jonny Quest fan honestly WOULD N'T want these DVDs?Some of the complaints have merit , but I think they only serve to show just how much people love Jonny Quest and wanted the `` permanent '' release to be perfect . No release will ever be perfect enough , the fans who truly love the show could always do some things better.I ca n't argue with those who find it shameful -LRB- and a bit suspicious ? -RRB- that the only episode whose credits DO N'T include creator Doug Wildey 's name are the credits that were selected to be used for EVERY episode 's end titles , even though rotating teams of different personnel worked on each individual show.As for the cutting of two lines of dialogue from PURSUIT OF THE PO-HO , that does irk me quite more than anything else , and it is just what the previous reviewer called it
 These cartoons are a lot of fun . I got them for my dad for Christmas and he loves them . Do n't worry about the reviews that claim this set is edited
 Jonny Quest-the Complete First Season is a guilty pleasure . It was created by Hanna - Barbera in the early sixties . For those of you who do n't know , the animation team of Hanna-Barbera used to work for MGM 's animation department . When the department was closed , they got rich producing cheap cartoons for television . Their creations include the classic Flintstones , The Jetsons , Magilla Gorilla , Huckleberry Hound , etc.Jonny Quest was their foray into action adventure first televised on ABC primetime . This was a radical departure from the humorous offerings Hanna-Barbera was known for previously . It combined science , technology , action , adventure and mystery in a manner that is still enjoyable over forty years later.Jonathan `` Jonny '' Quest is the son of Dr. Benton Quest . His scientist father is considered such a national asset , that the family is given a federal agent as bodyguard after the death of Jonny 's mother . Roger `` Race '' Bannon also is the family pilot , tutor and judo instructor . Hajii is the adopted son , an orphan who saved Dr. Quest 's life in India . Considerable comic relief is contributed by Bandit , Jonny 's fat little dog.This series is a juvenile male fantasy . Jonny and company live on a private island off the coast of Florida . This is the home when they are n't fighting , sea monsters , recovering stolen artifacts , testing weapons for the Army , fighting hostile natives or the schemes of the nefarious Dr. Zin . This series was created before political correctness or environmental awareness . These guys travel the world in high tech aircraft -LRB- including VTOL -RRB- piloted by either Race or Dr. Quest . They have the carbon footprint of an F-18 squadron . There are no significant female characters except Race 's sometime girlfriend Jade.Their personal technology includes hydrofoil speedboats , submarines , bazookas , jetpacks , hovercraft , etc. . Dr. Quest is one of those scientists whose skill set would be representative of about six Phds in engineering , technology and or all things archaeology . Their unlimited resources make feasible dropping everything and traveling 12000 miles to rescue a colleague of Dr. Quest.This series is fun and does n't take itself too seriously . You do n't mind things like Hajii waterskiing with a turban on . In our world , Dr. Quest would be brought up on charges for child endangerment . In a heartbeat , he , Race and the boys joined by Bandit are getting shot at by the villains of the week . There are explosions , monsters and scantily-clad natives throwing spears at them . Do n't forget about that mummy ... And yes the bad guys do die.The opening theme is accompanied by a now classic theme that just lets you know these guys are going to kick butt . Each episode ends with the same music playing so you know our boys will be at it again next episode.You ca n't wait to be there with them ...
 With all of the new and unusual comics on screen today , I bought this so that my children would be able to enjoy the cartoons of my era . They are just as good as I remembered .
 I bought this to introduce my 7-year-old son , William , to one of my favorite cartoons from my childhood . After watching the first episode , he pronounced , `` This is like Scooby Doo with guns ! '' Another fan is born ... The only downside to this set is that the sound is clear , but mostly monophonic .
 Yes , it 's wonderful to be able to watch the original adventure series on DVD . However -- it is atrocious , inexcusable , and deserving of a kick in a sensitive place to the decision-makers who decided to change the originals.You can see other reviews for explanations of where dialogue was cut.Almost as egregious is the stupid , stupid , stupid repetition of the SAME end credits for EVERY episode , EXCEPT for episode 9 , `` Double Trouble . '' It 's a real shame that a voice talents like Keye Luke , as well as others , are ignored by this lame-brained patchwork job.Why would somebody do this ? Probably not to leave creator Doug Wildey 's name off . My guess is that this DVD release was just more metaphorical sausage ground out from the Warner Bros mill . Especially since it was a title created by another studio -LRB- Hanna-Barbera -RRB- , and available for release simply because Ted Turner had bought HB . No , the clueless decision makers probably figured that nobody would care . Or , worse , they may have asssumed that the credits were all the same for every episode . Of course , that does n't explain the different end credits for `` Double Trouble . '' ... Anyway , buy this and relive most of your childhood memories . And look on the web for a proper listing of the creators of each episode of the coolest cartoon show on Earth .
 Having a bit of a hard time with this one ... I loved the series as a kid ... every young boy WANTED to be Jonny Quest , myself included . As someone who lived for `` Jonny Quest '' nite , and who has dialog indelibly burned into his memory , I am a little bit PO 'd at the `` thought police '' for making this classic `` politically correct '' -LRB- stupid , Stupid , STUPID move !!! -RRB- , but whatever , this was really a wonderful blast from the past for me - cheesy animation -LRB- but great for it 's time ! -RRB- , lame dialog , phony science , ridiculous plots and all!The good stuff ... Remembering how much I hated `` Bandit '' and wished he 'd found a way to get lasered by an evil villian 's death ray , Race ` rasslin ' alligators , etc. , `` Sim , Sim , SalaBim '' , `` Dr. Zin '' , the spider-looking `` robot spy '' , `` Jade '' -LRB- pretty hot for a cartoon babe , at least back then ! -RRB- , cool theme music , how all the villians smoked cigarettes , hovercrafts , lizardmen ... I could go on and on.Finally , I need to mention that the `` extras '' included the original `` PF Flyers '' sneaker commercial . Man , every little boy wanted a pair of `` PF 's '' , since Jonny Quest wore 'em . Of course , this was in the days before even Converse `` All-Stars '' were popular!In short , if you were a fan of the old show , expect a few disappointments , but sit back , put the old brain on `` hold '' and enjoy anyway !!
 What can I say , it 's Jonny Quest . I am so glad that my boys , ages 4 and 7 , are enjoying it so that I have an excuse to watch . Not that I really need an excuse because everyone who grew up with Jonny Quest loves it . The quality of the DVD is excellent and the memories are priceless . Who can argue with rocket belts , video communicators , bazookas , a Pteranodon , hydofoils , VTOL aircraft , an invisible monster , etc. I LOVE IT !
 Brought back lots of wonderful memories and was able tointroduce it to my 8 yr . old son who absolutly loves it!Design of the jacket was beautiful also .
 This was excellent ... It brought me back to my childhood and I am sharing it with my son ...
 This collection took me to a more simple time in my life , my childhood . As I started to watch the DVD 's I remembered most of the individual story lines . I am very glad to have run across this collection here and I would highly recommend it to anyone , adult and child alike !
 Jonny Quest is action packed . Hanna-Barbera came up some the best cartoons in the 60 's , 70 's & 80 's . Jonny Quest is one of best .
 I 'm a Johnny Quest baby boomer who now has my children hooked . Love the classics !
 This is a great collection . My wife and kids -LRB- 4 and 6 -RRB- have sat down each night for the last couple of weeks and watch a couple episodes each night . Great to see Johnny and the gang again after having to watch the junk on TV and dish these days . Kids ca n't get enough of this series ! My wife and I enjoy watching these shows also as we both watch them as kids .
 This was one of my favorite cartoons when I was a kid . And it still is ! I love the artwork and the story lines . They literally do n't make cartoons like this anymore . If you are a `` Jonny Quest '' fan , you must buy this ! I highly recommend it ! RELIVE THE ADVENTURES !!
 I gave this to a friend as a Christmas gift recalling a conversation we had over favorite cartoons when we were growing up ... he loved it and watches it frequently . I need to buy a copy for myself now . My friend says it great !
 It was a gift for my husband . He loves reliving his childhood memories watching the DVD .
 Few animated shows provide the entertainment and artistic beauty of those from the 1960s . `` Jonny Quest '' is a visual treat , a wonderful example of what we have lost as technology has advanced . This multi-disk set is a must for all animation buffs !
 Always enoyed the series when on TV and really enjoy the DVD . Worth every penny . Great for all ages !
 Perfect prints of the full series , well packaged . The extras do n't offer much
 This has been a treat for me and my Husband as well as our Grandson . He loves these Jonny Quest episodes , and they teach good values . We would buy season 2 .
 I was living my childhood again . My 3 boys love JQ.The packaging was excellent . The menu was easy to use and the overall look of the product was great.This is a must for anyone with older kids or just want to watch a great cartoon .
 In my opinion , JONNY QUEST ROCKS ! During a cold weekend I spent it watching all 26 episodes . My favorite is the one in which the sumo wrestler and the dragons try to attack our fearless foursome of Jonny , Hadji , Race and Dr. Quest ! Of couse it was great to revisit their nemesis the evil DR. ZIN ! This show brought me back to my younger days in the mid 1960 's ! Great entertainment and memories too !
 For those of an age who remember this indelible TV series , rejoice . The complete season is here in an unbelievably comprehensive DVD package . It makes an excellent gift for your kids , nieces , nephews , or the kid in all of us .
 This series has stuck in my head ever since I was a kid . Upon watching it I confirmed that it really was a cool and stylish show . The score is about as sophisticated of Jazz as you 're going to find in anything from the early 60 's . There are some editing issues and a number of Cold War era stereo-types -LRB- almost all villians come from Asia / Middle East / Russia , and I do n't recall any female scientists -RRB- . Another issue that some modern viewers may have is the violence . There is a lot of gun-play and other realistic hazards . Whether this is better or worse than the poisoning and such that you find in a Disney cartoon is for you to debate amongst yourselves.I like that the characters travel to real places with at least semi - plausible situations . There are no magic spells , aliens , evil magicians , etc. . . I 'd rather have my kids daydream of being a scientist and exploring the world than becoming a fairy/Wizard . I also like that the father is a hard working , intelligent , professional , rather than some bumbling half-wit that the kids have to sneak around . He also has high expectations of his children . He is tough about homework , but also trusts them to be responsible for expensive and important equipment . By equipment ; I mean Hoove-crafts and boats , not iPods and Gameboys.My kids love these shows , but then again my kids are cool .
 I bought this for two reasons . First , I loved this series as a child -LRB- it was my favorite show -RRB- . I still remembered the great theme song and was known to sing it during exciting moments of my life ! The second reason I bought the series is because I absolutely loath -LRB- HATE ! -RRB- the cartoons that are generally found on the Cartoon Network and Nickelodeon channels . The so-called `` edgy '' sarcasm and mean spirited -LRB- especially to adults -RRB- characters and plots are painful to watch -LRB- what are we teaching our kids ? -RRB- . Even though Jonny Quest is sometimes violent -LRB- lots of guns and explosions -RRB- , the overlying message is great . Jonny has a great relationship with his dad - -LRB- I 'm a single dad and this is BIG -RRB- - he and his dad have these amazing adventures together . My son and I watch every episode together . We laugh at the same things and I always feel more bonded to him when the episode is over . I could n't have chosen a better present for my son 's ninth birthday . Ca n't wait for season two -LRB- hope there is one ! -RRB- .
 1st introduced to my generation on the `` Saturday Morning '' line up during the 1970 's ... the catchy soundtrack , detail of animation blew `` us '' away ... All praise Hanna-Barbera Incompany.Wish list of other unreleased classics from H-B Inc.Space Ghost , Herculiods , Josie & the pussycats , Laugh-A-Limpics to name a few .
 Great DVD ! Even though I bought it for a young child I watched it too ! I still love the old cartoons of my childhood and the kids of nowadays do n't know what they 've missed ... Just my opinion :-RRB- -
 I read the reviews so I knew about the editting problems . But , I loved the Jonny Quest season 1 DVD set anyway ! I loved these episodes as a girl and still enjoy them now . My favorite episode has to be `` The Invisible Monster '' . I was describing this to my son one day and then we happened to see it together on TV ! Those `` footprints '' appearing out of nowhere scared me as a child . I 've never forgotten it ! These episodes are full of great things like mummies , monsters , pteranodons , laser weapons , flying platforms , hydrfoils , jet packs and other great gadgets ! Jonny gets to help his father on scientific missions all over the world ! What 's not to love ? Is Season 2 out yet ? More , please !
 Having grown up watching the original Johnny Quest on Saturday mornings , I recently purchased Season One for my 5 year-old son . He and his 6 year-old sister love it ! After more than 30 years , it still beats any of the kids ' shows being made today . Hands-down . I highly recommend getting the series !
 Well put together cases , excellent quality , complete episodes as they originally were . All 26 episodes plus special behind-the-scenes information . All get a top rating from me . Worth the cost I paid . I 'm just sorry they did n't have any interviews with the voice actors before they died and only one episode had an alternate track to see special information on the first episode completed but # 9 shown `` Double Danger '' does have it . Again , worth getting .
 Jonny Quest is Awesome ! I remember the series when I was a kid , with the detailed graphic 's , the James Bond plot lines and cool vehicles , and new inventions . Great Show , my Grand Kids love it !
 As a child growing up , every Friday night at 8 or 8:30 it was Johnny Quest time . I love the adventures and excitment . Race is my favorite character .
 I loved Johnny Quest as a child , and thorougly enjoyed RE-watching 30 years later . I you-tubed some interesting history on the making of this series , and discovered the dog , Bandit , was illustrated by a different cartoonist , one from the Flintstones . That 's why his character is totally different from the rest of the gang 's . You should check it out , as there 's more interesting history there too .
 I love the Jonny Quest series , I never realized it was just the one season , Race Bannon was my mentor :-RRB- we need this kind of cartoon back for our kids today , it showed the good in the World with an International flare for Peace . Johnny Butler my own series is called
 without words , my entire childhood there , brings back so many memories ... Okay , but this does n`t means that this cartoon is good only on this point of view , It ` s easely top 10 ever !! : -RRB-
 Just found out today about the coming arrival of Jonny Quest on DVD and I am very excited ! It has been LONG overdue . Let 's hope that Hanna-Barbera does n't go cheap on the extras , perhaps brand new interviews w / Tim Matheson & others -LRB- writers , other crew members , etc. -RRB- And now that our DVD players will finally be graced by young Master Quest 's presence , can complete deluxe box sets of other HB characters be far behind , like Space Ghost , the Herculoids , Birdman & the Galaxy Trio , as well as complete collections of classic favorites such as Huckleberry Hound , Yogi Bear , Pixie & Dixie , Ruff & Reddy , Top Cat , heck , anything from before the days a certain slobbering Great Dane reared his ugly head and ruined HB . These were all cartoons which defined a genre and ushered in a Golden Age of Saturday morning TV , and , until the late ' 60 's , nobody did it better than Hanna-Barbera . Can hardly wait to see these babies , 'cause these are some of the very best . Timeless fun for the whole family ! Get them , pop them in your wayback machine/DVD player and head for Memory Lane . I know I will .
 Quiero saber si alguno de Uds sabe si esta recopilacion de Jonny Quest viene con opcion de escuchar en espa & ntilde ; ol
 Always liked Jonny Quest and never missed a show , so when I saw The Complete First Season available to buy , I had to have it.To be honest , I actually bought it for my son for his 23rd birthday . We had a couple of videos when he was growing up which he watched constantly . He always wondered where those videos went . So when he got this for his birthday , they went right into the DVD . INSTANT FLASHBACK ! It was just like BOTH of us went back to our respective childhoods . It was awesome.The series was always fun to watch , and it still is . My grandson is getting into it now too . So you 've got THREE generations of Jonny ` Questrians ' !!
 My son has thoroughly enjoyed the Jonny Quest series . This high quality DVD set will keep him entertained for hours . I also received the DVD set from Amazon in a very timely manner .
 Serie de dibujos animados muy bien hecha , y viene con todo el menu y hablada en espa & ntilde ; ol . Hecha de muy buena calidad , y la presentacion es espectacular . La recomiendo . Deberian sacar la 2da season .
 remember the series when I was a kid ; this dvd addition is right edition is fine ! The few edits in no way detract from my enjoyment . The naysayers who decry this set should be happy to have the classic episodes 98 % intact . The real tragedy of Saturday morning cartoon series is the Hot Wheels being unavailable
 Breaks my heart that only season one is available . I own this and it 's an awesome walk down memory lane . If you liked it as a kid , you 'll love this !
 7 DEC 2010Wow The Adventures of Johnny Quest Finally , So hard to find these days . item was wrapped nicely . Brand New indeed.thank you very muchGary
 Jonny Quest was `` the Man '' when I was growing up in the early 60 's . Though I have n't bought this DVD yet , I do have every original episode on VHS . Tim Matheson did so many cartoon voices during that time period but Jonny was the best ! I was compelled as an adolescent to grow up to be a scientist because of Jonny 's influence -LRB- I did serve as an Air Force policeman without quite the glamour -RRB- . Forget Cat/Dog , the Tick , and all these other cartoons of today 's generation ; Jonny was exciting , real and educational -LRB- and had the neatest toys too ! -RRB- A must buy for those late year baby-boomers !
 On Jonny Quest Box Set the picture is great and so is the sound . Yet , in the 4th episode `` Pursuit of the Po-Ho '' Race leaps out of the water and starts talking to the Po-Ho tribe . Race said `` All right , you ignorant savages ... '' but I did not hear a thing . Then Race continued , '' ... get a good look at Aquezio , '' this I heard him say ! Yet , next I notice his mouth moving and heard nothing . So , I turn on the subtitles and found the last sentence stating , `` you heathen monkeys . '' This is the first DVD I have gotten that was censored . The DVD 's are suppose to be the original version of the show . Yet , it is to bad a cartoon that was shown to a 1964 audience before PG movies were on the theaters is being censored on a private home viewing today . I know they let the subtitles go threw but they should have let the sound go to . Maybe Warner Brothers could not replace the audio when Network TV originally cut it in the 1970 's . If this is the case then I am sorry for blaming the wrong people .
 Got the set in the mail yesterday and have only watched `` The Robot Spy '' -LRB- one of my favorites -RRB- so far . There are what appear to be some mild pixelization artifacts present -LRB- a character moves and a few stray `` blocky '' pixels of the character 's image remain on the background from the character 's previous position -RRB- . Maybe it is in the source print but in freeze frame , it looks like artifacts to me . Otherwise , the quality is pretty good . We 'll see how the rest of the episodes measure up.The DVDs are packaged in that `` wonderful '' quadruple-fold cardboard thingy that Warners is known for . I do n't know about you , but I do not care at all for this cheapish , flimsy , awkward packaging , especially for a relatively high-dollar item such as this . Perhaps Dr. Zin works at Warners and was trying to keep the set less than perfect . : - -RRB- For all these `` nit picks '' , I dock the set a star.As far as content , I watched JQ in syndication in the late 60 's and early 70 's when I was a wee chap . It was one of my favorite shows and having all the episodes is a real treat . This set has been long overdue . Now , if we can work on that packaging ...
 Jonny Quest is one of the all time best animated shows ever made . It holds it up very well , forty years after its initial release . I am thrilled that Warner Home Video is releasing this title and the others in the `` Hanna-Barbera Golden Collection '' series . I hope that other classic H-B characters , in particular Huckleberry Hound , will get their own DVD box sets as well . I am going to enjoy this one , as well as the Flintstones , Scooby-Doo and the Jetsons . I am hoping that more of the classic Hanna-Barbera characters will show up soon on DVD . I do n't want it to be another character collection set like `` Cartoon Crackups ; '' give each character their own DVD set .
 Yeah , they editted Dr Quest calling a bunch of savages savages , big deal , it 's still a very cool cartoon , and now instead of it just being a 5 year old me watching an attack Terrodon on a spooky island with Jonny and Hadgi early one Saturday morning in the late 1960 's , it 's me and my 5 year old son , now thats cool !
 I loved Jonny Quest as a kid -- the exciting story lines , the vivid background scenery , the dramatic background music and the lifelike human characters . In fact , the only character done in caricature is Bandit , Jonny 's lovable dog -- who often provided the show 's comic relief . Even though the animation was a bit more stilted than , say , Disney or MGM shorts , it was still light years ahead of `` Scooby-Doo , '' `` Batman , '' and the other action-adventure shows that succeeded Jonny Quest.Among the things -LRB- and people -RRB- that Jonny , Dr. Benton Quest -LRB- his scientist father -RRB- , `` Race '' Bannon -LRB- his bodyguard -RRB- , Hadji -LRB- his East Indian pal -RRB- and Bandit battle are lizard men , pygmies , dragons , gargoyles , and even a turu , a walking mummy , an invisible monster and a crawling eye . Each story is packed with edge-of-your seat excitement for young viewers -- without boring their parents in the process!This DVD set comes in a fold-out cardboard and plastic case of 3 DVDs , which are housed in individual DVD holders . There are other bonus features , including a PF Flyer -LRB- sneakers -RRB- ad featuring none other than Jonny Quest!However , the one thing that kept me from rating it 5 stars was the bleeping of Race Bannon calling the Po-Ho warriors `` you heathen monkeys '' -LRB- even though you can still see him mouthing the words ! -RRB- . This was rather surprising , especially since Warner Brothers were not `` politically correct '' with either their `` Droopy '' or `` Popeye '' collections . Personally , I think they should have left the dialogue in for historical purposes and put a disclaimer at the beginning of the set , as they did with both Droopy and Popeye . But that 's minor.Otherwise , if you want the action , adventures and pure fun of yesteryear , I would highly recommend this set .
 It 's all I remember it was . Just a treat . Race Bannon rocks .
 I highly recommend season one . Every episode is intriguing and adventurous taking you to a different country . The voices of the characters are appealing and wo n't irritate you . Bandit , the dog , really makes the show . It is definitely money well spent . I am looking forward to season two .
 This is the first time I have ever seen 5 stars on every review -LRB- thus far -RRB- on anything in amazon.com!There are maybe 10 episodes that are Excellent , well written scripts and effects and maybe 10 other really good ones . This is my favorite cartoon of them all from the 1960 's era . It is futuristic but not unrealistic.Who could ever forget the dr. zin and the giant spider , the invisible monster , the mad WWII pilot -LRB- where in the beginning there was foreshadowing of what was to come in all the crashed planes -RRB- , the lizard men , `` kill turu kill '' -LRB- the big teranasourous bird -RRB- , hadji from india , `` race bannon `` the bodyguard and on and on.Hell , this series is part of the reason I pursued a science career in colege .
 HEY GREAT SHOW ALTHOUGHT IM NOT OLD ENOUGH TO HAVE SEEN THIS IN ITS EARLY 60 'S PRIME I GREW TO LOVE THIS SHOW ON EARLY 80 'S RERUNS , IT WAS GREAT THEN AND STILL KICKS THE HELL OUT ALMOST ALL CRAPTOONS THAT ARE ON NOWADAYS . . AS FAR AS THAT IDIOT PREVHS OWNER MAYBE YOU SHOULD CALL YOURSELF PREBRAIN OWNER AS IT SEEMS YOU HAVE NONE . . ANY IDIOT WHO WOULD COMPARE A CLASSIC CARTOON SHOW WITH JAMES BOND MOVIES OBVIOUSLY HAS NO SENSE OF DEPTH OR PERSPECTIVE ... I CANT UNDESTAND ALL THESE IDIOTS THAT KEEP WRITING IN ON DVD REVIEWS ONLY TO SAY BAD STUFF ABOUT A SHOW THEY 'VE NEVER BEEN A FAN OF . . AND GET THERE ROCKS OFF BY COMMENTING NEGATIVELY ON ANYTHING THAT THEY DONT EVEN LIKE . BUT HAVE NO LIFE SO THEY HAVE TO GO AROUND MAKING NEGATIVE REMARKS ON GOOD SHOWS SO THEY CAN HEAR THEMSELVES TALK . . SO TO ALL OF YOU REJECTS OUT THERE WHY DO N'T YOU START YOUR OWN WEBSITE SO YOU CAN CAN COMPLAIN TO EACH OTHER ABOUT ALL OF THE HORRIBLE SHOWS OUT THERE ACCORDING TO YOURSELVES AND THEN YOULL SEE HOW IT FEELS TO LISTEN TO YOUR CRAP
 I do n't remember watching Johnny Quest when I was younger . My dad seems to remember ... I do n't know if he remembers actually watching it , or seeing me watch it , or if he was thinking of a completely different cartoon . But he says he remembers . And you have to listen to him.I saw this in the store . -LRB- And it cost more money at Wal * Mart than it does here at Amazon . So you should buy it here . That 's the only part of my review that 's actually helpful . -RRB- And I was like , `` JOHNNY QUEST ! SO COOL ! I WANT TO OWN ! '' So why would I even want the DVD of a show I do n't even remember watching ? DUH . Because Venture Brothers rocks my socks off.So if you watch Venture Brothers , then you have to buy this . Because Jackson Publick wants you to so you know when he 's parodying Johnny Quest . Here 's a quick guide to stuff.Dude = Dr. VentureLittle Dude = DeanJohnny = HankRace Bannon = BrockDog = ScampIf you watch Johnny Quest , and use this guide ... It will be funnier . Because Venture Brothers pwns Johnny Quest something awful.I 'm done .
 I remember , at the tender at of 9 , switching between the 5 channels I had available to me on my family 's little black and white television set , and coming across this cartoon that , from that first second , held me in awe . The show was Jonny Quest , and the episode was Mystery of the Lizard Men ! It had high adventure , incredible suspense , thrilling music , wonderful comedy - and most importantly , a young boy right in the middle of it all . -LRB- Was his dad irresponsible ? Eh ... whatever . -RRB- From that moment on , I was hooked . So much so that , on a weekly basis , the show simply had to be enjoyed from the first frame of the opening titles , to the very last `` This has been a Screen Gems presentation '' closing -LRB- as spoken by Race Bannon ! -RRB- And when those opening titles played , boy , were we thrust into adventure ! That thrilling music ! Those incredible visuals . Maybe it was my age , but no show before or since has quite had that kind of impact . It 's so nice to see it finally arrving on DVD.My favorite episodes : Mystery of the Lizard MenThe Curse of AnubisThe Pursuit of the PoHosThe Robot SpyShadow of the CondorDragons of AshidaTuru the TerribleThe Invisible MonsterHouse of the Seven Gargoyles
 Jonny Quest was an extremely innovative cartoon series in its day , and in many ways , still is . Like the Flinstones which preceeded it , it was originally an experimental prime-time cartoon aired in the evenings for the growing numbers of teens in this country at that time . Hanna-Barbara were the bomb in the 60 's and always strove to push themselves and their audience.This new DVD box-set is everything a great cartoon DVD set should be . It 's flawless . Every single episode of the classic 1960 's Jonny Quest cartoon is here in its entirety , remastered , in 5.1 surround sound , and with subtitles . The colors look brighter and richer than I 've ever seen Jonny Quest when aired on TV throughout the years . The picture is sharp , clean , and clear - it looks like this was animated in the present , not over 30 years ago!Ignore the tagline Complete Season One as its misleading to consumers . There only was one season of the cartoon and all of the episodes are here - in other words , you are n't missing anything and there are no further box sets to buy . This is all the Jonny Quest that fans need every purchase . It 's that complete!I love the Jonny Quest series
 I was a little leary ordering this DVD set because of some of the reviews I read about editing some of the episodes . I wish they would n't have edited it of course since i grew up watching the originals , but it is minimal and still so worth it !! I love JQ and its so wonderful to have the set and relive all my memories through the episodes . It is so well written and the art work is phenominal !!! I really wanted to like the newer episodes that they created later because I wanted more , but I wo n't even watch them , they ca n't hold a candle to these originals !!! I think its sad because cartoons have become a lost art , they are now done cheaply , quickly , and just ca n't compare in quality . If you want a piece of a by-gone era order this set and enjoy !!
 I just received `` Jonny Quest -- The Complete First Season '' dvd package . After viewing only two episodes , I would say this dvd package rocks!The video , music , and sound takes you back to another time . No other cartoon today could carry the water of this cartoon.Best feature of all
 The series brought back many fond childhood memories of the enthusiasm the theme music created for me every time I heard it . Although , I 'd seen the opening introduction many times , it never ceased to amaze and excite me . I 'd always go running to the t.v. set because I did n't want to miss seeing the taradactyl swoop down , or the giant gila monsters , or the boy being chased by the hostile natives . This is definitely one of the great classic Hanna Barbera animations . I 'm so happy I re-discovered it . I love the nostalgia . And the quality of the disc sure makes it all seem like it was happening just yesterday .
 A great nostalgic view for us , but our kids , ages 6 & 2 , love it as well ! Great family time !
 As a girl growing up one of my first major crushes was on Race Bannon -LRB- until my mother explained the difference between cartoons and real-life , how sad !!! -RRB- . I was also a major tomboy and I read magazines like Popular Science and National Geographic . This show was for me !!! For years I have fondly remembered how exciting cartoons were when I was a kid . I could n't wait for Saturday and would volunteer to scrub the kitchen floor if it meant that I could be guaranteed of staying in and watching my shows !!! Now as a mom of two very active boys I mentioned Jonny Quest to them as a favorite of mine . They told me they knew about the show . Turns out all they knew of was the `` New Adventures '' !!!! What a travesty !! Buying this collection is the best entertainment money I have spent in a long time . One particular bonus is how refreshingly NOT politically correct they are !! Yes there was a time when one could shoot gigantic crocodiles in the Amazon without a bunch of animal right activists jumping out and clubbing you !!!
 In an era dominated by frenetic , nerve-jangling , video-game cartoons , I know there 's an audience out there for the clean lines and elegant simplicity of this '60s adventure serial , which recalls the early Hardy Boys series or comic strip serials like Terry and the Pirates . The Quest team jets to exotic locales , confronts nefarious evildoers of various suspect ethnicities armed with the latest `` science '' -LRB- lasers , rockets , fake volcanos -RRB- , and beats them with better `` science , '' old-fashioned American brawn -LRB- courtesy of Roger `` Race '' Bannon -RRB- , youthful ingenuity , and a touch of the mysticism of the Mysterious East -LRB- courtesy of Hadji -RRB- . It 's great retrograde fun -- though sensitive types should be warned that it 's borderline racist at times , in the casual , semi-spoofing spirit of an adventure movie like GUNGA DIN or the INDIANA JONES pictures . It has the virtues of straightforward storytelling , slow build-ups of tension , and a sense of mystery -- all lacking in contemporary cartoons . I loved it as a kid , my kids love it today .
 When I heard that Johnny Quest series was being released on discI almost fainted . This was not only one of the best animated seriesto crank out of the Hanna and Barbera factory but still remained ontop as one of the most intelligent . I never really considered it ona cartoon level because the characters seems so 3 dimensional.Sure there was the comical antics of Bandit and a living Mummy here & ahovercraft there but you also learn a real facts about radiationor how a laser works or what the Russkies & Red China might be up to -LRB- and these were pretty hot topics in the early ' 60 's . -RRB- The showjust always had a way of being entertaining without being boringor overstimulating . A feat unfortunetly rare on today 's tube.The moment you hear that infamous Jungle Jazz beat opening themeyou know your in for the best half an hour -LRB- 20 min ? -RRB- ride of yourlife because `` this IS the adventures of Johnny Quest ! ''
 Of the dozens and dozens of videos my boys watch , this is their favorite -LRB- sorry Bugs and Scooby -RRB- My boys are 10 & 13 and when they have friends over , I frequently hear `` What do you mean who 's Johnny Quest , Dad can we watch an episode and show them ? '' It often trumps a trip to the video store on family nights on which we choose a movie over a game . Sure it has guns -LRB- no one is ever seen getting shot -RRB- , evil bad guys and cool inventions -LRB- lasers , jet-packs etc. ... The bad guys always start out with the upper hand but through , teamwork and perseverance the good guys always win . Now days you go to the store or video rental and see seasons 1-10 of all of these long forgotten TV series . Johnny Quest only appeared for one season , but ran in reruns for 20 years.Try doing that with the 30-minute toy commercials that are passed off as cartoons today and see how long they will hold your kid 's attention .
 My brothers and I watched this show when we were kids and thought it was awesome ; I bought this collection for their birthday , and we all loved it ! It 's a great DVD collection that includes some of the best episodes .
 It was my favorite TV show growing up and could n't wait to see it every week . This was the best purchase of the year for me . To go back and watch all of them again was awesome . I loved it then and love it now . The Jonny Quest Series provide the same thrill and excitment as before .
 I remember how I loved watching Jonny Quest , as a boy , and now my two sons enjoy it very much . I am pleased to have remembered and doubly pleased that Amazon had it in stock , just waiting for me . Thank you , Amazon !
 My boys have always liked Johnny Quest so we bought the complete first season for Christmas . I think they watched most of it that day . My oldest is now 18 !! They thought it was great !!
 If you grew up in the 1960 's you probably remember Johnny Quest . Before Star Trek , it gave us a real taste of science fiction . It was the video child of young men 's adventure novels -LRB- anyone remember Tom Swift ? -RRB- , and it did it 's job very well . So of course network TV killed it after only one season . Then they picked it 's bones for years in badly edited Saturday morning reruns . So watch this classic and see the birth of modern animation .
 We are 40 something parents of a 5 year old love introducing him to all the classics , and this is a great set .
 It was my favorite show when I was a kid and now my youngest have a chance to enjoy the world of Johnny Quest ... before Hollywood does a feature film with a CA digital Bandit and Vin Diesel playing Race Bannon . The shows are great and the quality is what you would expect from a DVD of a show made in the 60 's . It is true viewing as if it were that time . If you were a JQ fan as a youngester get this box set . If your kids do n't watch it ... you might . Enjoy
 If you grew up in the ' 70 's you had to watch Jonny Quest . It was simply the best cartoon ever . Where else do you get the bad guys to be what they really are ... . arabs , asians and communists !! Jonny and company even get to use firearms !! My kids -LRB- 6 and 8 -RRB- absolutely love these cartoons and even used their own allowance to buy this set after viewing some of the cartoons via netflix . You just ca n't go wrong here !
 This is possibly the best animation series ever done by Hanna Barbera . Considering the age of this series it holds its own even by todays standards . I would highly recommend this for fans of the Johnny Quest series .
 I love this classic , intelligent cartoon . I was raised on it and my kids have been fortunate to have access to this series as well . We live in a great time .
 This cartoon , lavishly made with impressive graphics , imaginative plots , and quite impressive musical accompaniment , is superbly evocative of a world where we all believed we would soon be surrounded by exciting gadgets such as flying cars , rocket belts , and fast airplanes and boats , without giving up the civilzed America we 'd grown up in where doctors made house calls , scientists were heroes , and government was on our side . While these cartoons are certainly pitched to boys of the time , my 9-year old daughter has been lapping up each episode as I watch it.It is true , as other reviewers said , that one of the episodes was censored -LRB- crudely , too -RRB- because it is now politically incorrect , and probably true also that the credits were tampered with . While I watched the series in childhood when it originally came out , I was not bothered by these nits watching the DVD today , and might hardly have noticed them had I not read some of the negative reviews . I decided to buy the series anyway and I 'm very glad I did . The two lines I remembered from 40 years ago were word for word how I remember . If you 're old enough to remember Saturday morning cartoons before they were emasculated , and maybe even more if you 're too young , this cartoon is good entertainment but also shows you something about that great time period .
 I loved this show when I was a kid ! I still find it entertaining , It might be a little scary and violent for young children .
 I grew up with Johnny Quest.I used to watch this show every Saturday morning , religiously . I think I know every episode that heart . How can you beat Johnny , Hadji , Race , Dr. Quest , and of course , Bandit . One of the all-time greats .
 Classic quality Johnny Quest DVD set . Great for kids who like adventure stories . Bought this for my 8 year old son , and he loved it . Not for toddlers though .
 GREAT SERVICE . ... . will be using them again . It looks even better I thought it would . Great quality . ... Jack
 This still is good to watch . Even if I am older , this DVD collection you ca n't go wrong . No matter how many times I watch it . I bought one DVD , then I said what the heck get a collection of them . Glad I did and you ca n't beat the price .
 My dad is a huge Sci-Fi fan . He was born in the late 50 's and loves this show . I got this for his birthday and he absolutely loved it .
 I have been looking for this for years !!! This is also one of my favorite shos ever , and there are only four or five of them , decisively the best action adventure animated show , and the soundtrack is a great bonus , the music of Hoyt Curtin is the best , I love the fact that the music is played by a live band , from the time when they did n't have electronic effects . One of the best .
 Great video quality ... great sound quality ... totally accessible on my kindle any time I want to re-experience the Saturday morning cartoons from when I was a kid .
 I 've been wanting to see Jonny Quest for the longest time . After watching it , I was impressed that American animators came up with something like this forty years ago . It 's got good writing , good acting , and a distinct design style which sort of mimics comics . I also love the opening credits and the way the main characters are introduced . The writers pull no punches throughout the series and even kill off characters in a number of episodes , something you almost never see in American cartoons today.For me Jonny Quest does n't have the cheesy cringe factor of many old cartoon shows due to the strong writing and visual design . What 's also great is that it totally reflects the attitudes of its time . The show definitely has a Cold War vibe to it , with foreign villains , implied to be Soviets or other communist enemies , bent on destroying America . Some episodes also feature treacherous bad guy Arabs , while some other episodes depict primitive tribes ranting and behaving in an uncivilized way . They made me wonder if such episodes could possibly get made in the present day . The show even comes complete with the required Asian archvillain and his legion of minions . Although I 'm Asian , I 'm actually not offended by all this , probably because I feel that overall the writers created many memorable heroes and villains of all ethnicities . In particular , I liked the way they handled Hadji , the Minority Character of the main cast . He is intelligent , heroic , crafty , and has a lot of personality . In this regard the writers were very progressive during a time when ethnic stereotypes ran rampant.Another area that makes Jonny Quest stand out is its heavy dose of `` realistic '' -LRB- as far the 1960 's goes -RRB- science and technology . They are an integral part of the Jonny Quest universe . The show presents a gee-whiz optimism that science and technology can solve many problems . In one episode Dr. Quest even tells Jonny about the importance of getting a good science education . This is one of the very few shows , animation or live-action , which portrays scientists as being genuinely cool and heroic , and not nerds.Jonny Quest is a brilliant show . It was ahead of its time in many ways . This series is most definitely a classic , you must see it !
 Four or five years ago I stumbled across some VHS classic Jonny Quest episodes released by Turner Home Entertainment . My kids loved them , and I loved them too . I will now be able to expand that small collection with all 26 episodes . I ca n't watch most modern day cartoons with my kids without being thoroughly disgusted with the values and content . These classic episodes portray good vs evil kind of values . Interestingly enough these cartoons have many interesting similarities with the Scooby Doo cartoons . In one episode the bad guys dress up in frog-man costumes to scare the too curious . The inclusion of bandit into the plot is another similarity . One can see where ideas from this series influenced the original Scooby Doo cartoons . Unfortunately these Jonny Quest episodes are one of a kind , and nothing with similar content is likely to come along . The things that make them great like real bad guys and real explosions and real bullets just wo n't happen in the politically correct world we now live in . If you are a liberal and trying to raise complete passifist kids , run like hell and turn on the latest episode of Dragon Tales . If you want to influence your kids values without them knowing it -LRB- which is the best way , since they never question it -RRB- then sit down and watch some of these cartoons with them .
 The year was 1964 . While the nation 's top scientists were preparing to send a manned rocket to the moon for the first time , another nasty little projectile had just made an impact crater in President Kennedy 's head , sending the nation into trauma , and setting the stage for a decade of violent -LRB- and non-violent -RRB- social upheaval.Goldfinger had just come out , creating a James Bond feeding frenzy in the media , spawning compulsive imitation of the spy genre around all around the globe , and most especially on American television.Into this Cold war environment , Jonny Quest came blasting onto the ABC network in primetime in 1964 . If one examines the series closely , it is evident that the Bondian seeds of Jonny Quest came not from Goldfinger but from the earlier James Bond incarnation , Dr. No . At any rate , JQ is a rich example of how to create a James Bond-style action adventure story -- sans the sexy girls -- that fits into a 26 minute time slot , while , in the Hanna-Barbera style of limited animation , using as few drawings as possible . Thus Jonny Quest endures the irony of describing as much action as possible with as few drawings as possible . Aside from it 's exciting stories and likeable characters , this is the great charm of Jonny Quest
 I have always wanted to find this show as an all in one package and this is it ! Yes it is n't blu-ray quality but , it was never meant to be . This cartoon is as good as I remembered it . Johnny Quest came out long before Congress mandated that cartoons needed to be educational and this cartoon was spooky in ways Scooby Do could only hope to be . Johnny Quest featured real monsters who might actually harm you ! As a young lad I was on the edge of my seat and loving every minute of it ! This was only a single season back when a season was 26 episodes long and not the 15 or so we currently have and it is worth it just to have this in the que for a trip down memory lane . Sure they are n't the most deep stories but , for an 8-12 year old they are still good . There is a mix of humor and adventure as well as a bit of terror thrown in - something for everyone . Not for the squeemish youngsters but , I think , most of today 's children can handle this given our current video game availability . Highly recommended !
 Here it is ! ... With all the lasers , jets , explosions , machineguns , and Judo intact!A glorious relic of made-for-television animation , ... who in our present `` politically-correct '' era , would believe that this was once a very popular kid 's program?Each episode is like a comic-book come to life ! Johnny treks around the globe with his father , a top U.S. scientist . Accompanied by his Indian friend , Hadji , his dog , Bandit , and the family body-guard , Race Bannon , Johnny finds himself entangled in all manner of bizarre adventures.Evil foriegn scientists , rival Cold War powers , and the criminal under-world , all meet more than their match from the Quest team ! Filled with intrigue , suspense , TOP SECRET weapons , and plenty of action , this was my favorite cartoon in my youth , and remains so to this day !
 The exact episodes I remember from my childhood and now can share with my daughter , she loves it .
 I was always a fan of Jonny Quest - Out of all the Hanna Barbera hits this one is the best . They hit it out of the park with this one and to this day nothing has come close to the awesome annimation and attention to detail that this series had . The cartoons of today do n't even come close . God bless all the illustrators who worked on this `` top shelf '' series . I am happy with this purchase .
 Fantastic!To me -LRB- and countless others , no doubt -RRB- , this figures as one of THE premier cartoons to emerge from that ` golden age ' of Saturday morning entertainment , even in the heady company of the other Hanna-Barbara standards.I ca n't think of another ` toon that was so breathlessly anticipated each week in the 60 's -LRB- oh , to have had video recording capability back then -RRB- , and the excitement carries through to the present day . This well-crafted & superbly illustrated series set a benchmark for quality cartoons with intelligent dialogue , perfect pacing and a right-on musical soundtrack that surely has embedded itself into every young adventurers ' memory banks!Some notable episodes include ` The Robot Spy ' , ` The Quetong Missile Mystery ' and ` Shadow of the Condor ' , among others . One or two small edits/omissions in the DVD set , but seemingly nothing too dreadful ... ; -RRB- As I close out my 40 's , I STILL want to be Jonny Quest -LRB- would you believe , Race Bannon ?? -RRB- .
 This was exactly what I wanted . It came to my house very fast . Great price !
 I was young and this show just caught my imagination . While I do object to any edits that were made to PC this collection the set is cool and a good watch . I have enjoyed the trip back .
 My grandson is three , and I was looking around for something suitable for him to watch . Cartoons on TV today suck . So , I remembered Jonny Quest , from my youth , and I downloaded the first episode from Amazon , and watched it with him . And we watched it , and we watched it again . So , it was a good investment to order the whole season . I noticed the one episode that edited out Race 's comment to make it more politically correct . And though it 's not right to mess with history , it 's better having this set , than not having it at all . So I am appreciative of that . Hopefully they wo n't change the format again for a while and I will be able to continue to enjoy things in my past being put on DVD .
 For any of you who grew up with the Quest 's in prime time this is a must have collection . The quality of the DVD 's is great , and this one collection contains all of the best episodes so you do n't have to keep looking for future collections to come out . After purchasing mine I also purchased one for a friend and he is delighted with it as well . The amount of time and effort that went into the art work on this series is amazing considering what else was out at the time . The first episode is the origninal that explains who Dr. Benton Quest and Race Bannon are , and how they got to Palm Key . Great fun to be with the Johnny , Bandit , and Haji again on their many adventures . I highly recommend this product .
 Having made a name for itself withThe Flintstones - The Complete First Season , The Yogi Bear Show - The Complete Series , Top Cat - The Complete Series , andThe Jetsons - The Complete First Season , Hanna-Barbera Productions in 1964 ventured into serious adventure with these adventures of 11-year-old Jonny Quest -LRB- voiced by Tim Matheson -RRB- , his father Dr. Benton Quest -LRB- John Stephenson -RRB- , his Hindu friend Hadji -LRB- Danny Bravo -RRB- , his bull-pup Bandit , and his tutor-bodyguard Race Bannon -LRB- Mike Road -RRB- , a former intelligence agent , pilot , martial-arts expert and crack shot . Since the death of his mother Jonny has become a possible pawn in enemy schemes to manipulate his brilliant scientist father , so he 's being homeschooled at Quest 's lab on Palm Key and travelling with him when he 's called to help the Government or friendly countries in locations ranging from the Canadian North Woods to Southeast Asia and from Norway to Nepal.The animation in this series falls well short of Disney quality but is still an improvement on that of HB 's comic serials , and while Jonny is sometimes impulsive , he also has , as Race says , `` a good head on his shoulders '' and several times saves the day by coolness , courage , and quick thinking . There are a few glitches in continuity that I find mildly irritating
 I bought this series to share with my grand kids . I can remember watching Jonny Quest 40 years ago and how much it inspired my imagination . Some of it is still futuristic today . Each episode is an exciting adventure , not just jokes and laughs like most cartoons today . No sex or bathroom humor either . Jonny is always a hero and a good role model . Makes you feel like you 've gone back in time . We all love it .
 I grew up watching Jonny Quest . I even wanted to BE Jonny Quest . I always wondered about Race Bannon and Dr. Quest 's relationship and the fact they never mentioned Mrs. Quest ... This is truely vintage Hanna Barbera with repeating backgrounds , dramatic music and lots of the same explosions over and over . Hokey stunts and predictable thrills but classic in that they were the first to do it ! A must have for any Jonny Quest fan -LRB- to share with his son , too -RRB-
 Great classic cartoon . Entertainment like this is n't made anymore . This was when they still made good cartoons appropriate for children but still entertaining for adults !
 I always watched this show as a kid . Now I still can . I did n't realize it but there was only one season . You can have every Jonny Quest adventure you watched as a kid growing up in the sixties on this DVD . I give it 5 stars . If you liked as a kid , you 'll love it now .
 This made both my husband and my 4 yr old daughter smile with delight . It has been a real bonding experience for them ! My husband said it is a good as he remembered as a kid .
 Step back in time to witness adventure through the eyes of Johnny Quest . This dramatic but fun series genrated for kids captured many an adult who watched it . Filled with adventure and excitement this cartoon ranks right up there with landmark series like The Jetsons and The Flinstones . I thorougly enjoyed revisiting this wonderful series .
 Jonny Quest and Scooby Doo are my two all time favorite cartoons from the 1960 's . I always thought of myself as Jonny when I was 5 and 6 years old when I watched . Truely the fore-runner of today 's Ben10 type of cartoons .
 Its amazing to see how available one of the classic cartoons of America is today in our culture on DVD . Im 18 and I still grew up with the 60 's classic Jonny Quest , so Amazon really helped out when I wanted to reminisce .
 This is a great , old sci-fi show from the early 60 's -- actually , the first of its kind . Some of the stories seem dated , though they are still thoroughly enjoyable , even today.The quality though , leaves a little to be desired . A few of the earliest episodes -LRB- disk 1 -RRB- appear to have been rescued from the cutting-room floor . They seem pieced-together from scraps , with bits of the soundtrack missing , here-and-there . But then , if these truly were `` lost '' , rescued episodes , then , cheers to the staff for their efforts . Luckily , the vast majority of the copies are excellent , and the problems seem limited to the less interesting adventures .
 I am 50 and this really brought back my childhood hero . Plenty of episodes and great special features . A must have for JQ fans !
 Watched these when I was a kid . Now that I have two boys 7 and 8 years old I now have a chance to introduce them to all the great adventures . When given a choice now whether to watch square bob sponge pants -LRB- yes I know I meant it that way -RRB- or to watch Jonny Quest the vote is overwhelming for Jonny Quest . Get this while you can . Also be sure and visit -LSB- ... -RSB- / for more Jonny Quest information
 This is a great collection of cartoons to have , since tv these days do n't show much of the good old cartoons that used to be on . It 's well worth getting for years of enjoyment .
 excellant series ... I loved this as a kid NOW my 6yrold loves it ... these new cartoons just cant compare to this
 My grandson is enjoying Jonny Quest and so is his grandparents , who remember the show fondly . My grandson is 6 . His mother really enjoyed the show when she was a child and is glad her son is enjoying it too.The DVD has the full length shows .
 Was recording the Jonny Quest episodes but glad you had it . I have them all . Even with the PF Flyers commercial . Thanks !
 When I was a kid Johnny Quest was my favorite . My son asks me one day what kind of cartoons I used to watch befor Star Wars and such . So I tell him about Johnny Quest . . Then he sees one episode by chance on Boomerang . He said that the music and theme song was totally choice . I 'm like `` yea is n't it ? '' . So I ordered it quick and easy on Amazon ... So now I 'm 50 and my 12 year old and I love watching it together . Just the theme song alone sends me back decades !
 My husband fondly remembers the Johnny Quest series and introduced it to our kids who love it just as much . Highly recommended ~
 i would highly recommend this item to any person who enjoys the animated but realistic views of this great adventure . many of the polls suggest the top 5 episodes are indeed at the top of their game . now if only my brother will purchase this item i sent info.to .
 What can be said about Jonny Quest . This cartoon is unlike any I have ever seen . It was so serious and so darn cool . This show canme out in the 60 's WWWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYY before my time , and I still find it to be wonderful . Jonny is very smart , very eager and very determined . Hadji is the perfect sidekick with his mystical powers and awesome turban . Bandit the pup serves as a comic relief and is funny . Race is just too cool , I mean he can fly a fa-reakin plane and fight and Dr. Quest is sophisticated . The places they went gave me an insight look into the different cultures around the world and the plots were very imaginative . JQ combined science fiction fantasy and geography into a very impressive 30 minute cartoon sitcom . The first season is amazing and I am glad that have realeased it on DVD . It is a must for any JQ fan . But do n't take my word for it , you buy it and experience the Quest !
 I have season 1 of Jonny Quest . But when will the second season be available ? I bought it over 4 years ago , and nothing since!I hate it when studio 's release tv shows one season at a time . Why not releasethe entire series and be done with it!The same is true in the case of the show `` Steven Spielberg 's Amazing Stories '' . Only one season released . With most of the best episodes on season 2 ! It 's not just consumers who should complain about this , but retailers should as well.They could make more money selling the complete series , that just one season at a time .
 Hey look ... . It 's a cartoon ... BUT ... . I ` ts NOT as mind - numbingly superfluous as `` Scooby-Doo '' ... The animation is obviously as pain-stakingly detailed as a typical DISNEY animated classic . If you have n't seen any Jonny Quest episodes , you 'd better look before you leap ... . If you HAVE seen a few episodes , then I PERSONALLY challenge you to show ME some VASTLY superior artwork or technique that is truly superior to HANNA-BARBERA 'S work . -LRB- And , no , I 've NEVER worked with EITHER one of them , DISNEY ... Or HANNA-BARRBERA ... -RRB- MY OFFER STILL STANDS ... . Put up or shut up !!!!!!! '' Stanley G. Wray ------ one_night@knology.net -RRB-
 Season one is just as I remembered it as a kid . My son and I have loved watching the old episodes . Sort of like a historical review of the culture during the early to mid-sixties . It was very entertaining and just right for the 8 to 11 year old crowd and the 45 + fathers who remember the original broadcasts .
 In my opinion the newer versions of the `` Jonny Quest '' series ca n't hold a candle to the original and should n't even be mentioned in the same breath . I bought this DVD release because my memories of this amazing show had all but faded and purely for nostalgia.All things considered and given the age of this show the picture and sound are really clear and crisp . The opening theme music is still catchy and it pulls you in from the moment you hear it . The colors are vivid and sharp ; better than I can remember seeing on any previous VHS or Television viewing . In the `` Jonny Quest '' complete series set , you get all 26 episodes and some special features spread out over four single sided discs with great disc artwork.The cast of `` Jonny Quest '' are n't getting any younger so a where are they now or reunion feature would have been a great addition to this release . I guess my only complaint is that the outer packaging does n't hold up very well . The outer box slip cover is a pain to take off and put back on and I have had a couple of the disc 's fall off their posts.Overall with its high tech gadgets / lasers and well written and imaginative stories , `` Jonny Quest '' remains one of my favorite shows from my childhood ; I really did grow up in the era of great Television . This DVD set is a real treat for the whole family and for the new legion of `` Jonny Quest '' fans waiting to discover him.DVD Features : - Available Subtitles
 As a child , I used to watch Jonny Quest every Saturday morning . I now share that same experience with my own kids .
 I bought this DVD as a gift for my brother , the episodes are exactly as we remember . Very happy to be able to share these fond memories with my brother , once again . I would recommend this product to anyone ... Thanks
 If you love the old Jonny Quest cartoons , then you will love this dvd . Hopefully they will continue with the other seasons .
 I loved this series when I was a kid and now my 7 yr . old boy loves it . All we can say is when is the second season coming out ??!!!
 Just imagine , a cartoon made for boys . Your son can unashamedly watch these amazing shows about courage , masculinity , adventure , and combat without feeling one ounce of guilt about being a male . Nothing has been produced since the Johnny Quest series that comes remotely close in production quality . The writing and plots are superb . These incredible shows combine the perfect mixture of exploration , mystery , and science fiction . My son loves these shows and has thanked me over and over again for buying them for him . I thoroughly enjoyed the Johnny Quest shows when I saw them in syndication 30 years ago and I appreciate them even more now when I compare them to the gender-neutral garbage on television today . Do your kids a favor and buy this classic show .
 This ultra-cool four-disc DVD boxed set from Warner Brothers contains all 26 episodes of the original 1964 animated TV series , `` Jonny Quest '' -LRB- aka
 If you think about it , you could probably come up with many examples of classic comedies , classic dramas , classic cop shows , detective shows , etc. . But you would be hard pressed to come up with numerous classic adventure programs . Jonny Quest is certainly one of the greatest adventure series that television ever produced . Along with the other great Hanna Barbera series like The Flintstones and The Jetsons , Jonny Quest was blessed with inspiration from the word go . Who can forget the classic Hoyt Curtain theme ? Who can forget the great voice talent the show offered , even though Vic Perrin and Henry Corden worked WAY overtime to create a wonderful rogue 's gallery of villains . But what really makes this show succeed is its storytelling . These are just good stories well told-and fans of the series have their favorites.I am especially looking forward to this set to re-watch the all-time great episode The Curse of Anibus . As many know , this is the famous mummy episode . Has a mummy EVER been more scary , in real film or animation ?? Perhaps the mummy in the Brendan Fraser film ranks about as high as this one , but what makes the spirit of Anibus especially creepy is that this mummy does n't talk or make any sound at all . It just walks and follows . You 've got to see this one . And full marks must go on how beuatiful and terrifying the mummy is drawn . Watch for the famous moment where the mummy is looking into Jonny 's bedroom window . Wow , this is the stuff for nightmares !! This is a marvelous series that is finally being released and it is worth watching again and again . May you all enjoy and re-enjoy this set as much as I plan on doing !
 Ok , I 've read conflicting reviews about this set , so now that I 've bought and watched it , here 's my 2 cents worth . Except for the censored Race Bannon `` ignorant savages/heathen monkeys '' line in PURSUIT OF THE PO-HO , I have n't seen any other censoring , to the best of my knowledge . And to tell you the truth , I first watched JQ on Saturday mornings in the ' 70 's , so Race 's line was probably censored anyway . I remember the episode but not the dialog , still ... otherwise , other ` censorable items ' are still intact
 I was born in 1972 and loved watching Jonny Quest as a child . In my opinion this is one of the most imaginative , interesting , and entertaining cartoons ever made . Now married with young children , my wife & I got the kids this series on DVD as a Christmas gift . The kids * love * it , outside of a few older cartoons -LRB- Tom & Jerry , Looney Tunes , Scooby Doo -RRB- this is all they want to watch lately.These cartoons feature imaginative plots , charismatic and interesting villains , interesting storylines , and lots of action and humor . Most adults are going to enjoy this cartoon as much as the kids . Several friends of our children , relatives , and adult friends have watched an episode or two and been enthralled with the show.The premise behind the show is following the adventures of Dr. Benton Quest -LRB- Jonny 's Dad -RRB- , Race Bannon , Jonny , Hadji , and their dog Bandit . Dr. Quest is a government sponsored scientist , Race is a bodyguard/mentor/tough guy who watches out for Dr. Quest and the boys . Hadji , an East Indian boy , is Jonny 's best friend and introduced a few episodes into the series . Bandit is along for comic relief and of course Jonny 's role in the adventures is the main focus of the show . Dr. Quest and the rest of the group live on a private island in the Florida Keys but are constantly traveling around the world to explore strange phenomena , perform scientific experiments , perform some type of investigation for the government , or help out friends in need . They invariably get into some sort of trouble in each episode , and in many ways one can draw alot of parallels between this show and James Bond movies . The villains are excellent . A good villain needs to be charismatic enough to be `` marginally likeable '' but at the same time be intelligent enough to seem dangerous . In Jonny Quest they are like this , and there is one very good recurring villain -LRB- Dr. Zen -RRB- in several of the episodes . There are a few recurring characters of interest as well such as `` Jade '' , Race 's love interest who helps the group out from time to time . There is a great deal of interesting technology used in the show -LRB- much of which was speculative and did n't actually exist when the show was made -RRB- and the group is in a different exotic locale for every episode . Enemies and villains run the gamut from energy eating invisible monsters , nazi war criminals , pirates , criminal organizations , mummies , flying dinosaurs , robots , & jungle tribes among others.The technology and equipment in the show are really fun . The group uses equipment such as hovercrafts , lasers , sleeping dart guns , jetpacks , rocket sleds , bazookas , `` Harrier '' type aircraft before they were ever invented , various guns , and advanced computer equipment that while laughable from today 's standards seemed very advanced when the show was made.I am pleased to say the show is very `` politically incorrect '' , which is very refreshing in these days of delicate sensitivities . Jonny and Hadji pray before bedtime in some episodes , there is a great deal of gunplay in many of the episodes , some smoking by certain characters , and alot of stereotyping of accents and mannerisms of people from different geographical locations . In Jonny Quest everyone is good or bad , there is none of this gray area `` he 's kind of good and kind of bad '' tripe that is prevalent in a lot of tv today . There is no mistaking who the villains are and who the good guys are . Some of the bad guys may die from time to time in the show , but there is nothing I can recall that would seem graphic or disturbing to a young child . It 's generally of the variety where a bad guy does himself in by for instance shooting glacier ice that collapses on him or the like . There is indeed a lot of violence in the show , but it generally has consequences unlike the watered down politically correct garbage shown on tv these days.I have n't had any technical problems and the color looks great to me . The Dolby Digital track could have stood to be done a bit better but it 's not bad . -LRB- At least it * is * encoded in Dolby Digital !! -RRB- The extras are a bit on the light side but not bad.This is good , clean entertainment for the entire family and I give it 5 stars stars from an entertainment perspective . Maybe 4 stars from a DVD perspective due to the subpar Dolby Digital encoding and the editing out of a couple of phrases and scenes . Leave the originals alone Hollywood ! We do n't care if you are PC elitists and out of touch with reality . Leave our favorite shows from the past alone and unedited .
 Pack all the action and technology of a James Bond film into a 30 minute cartoon where the hero is a 10 year-old boy . That is Johnny Quest . I loved them as a kid and I enjoy watching them even more with my boys . The quality is excellent and I definitely recommend this set .
 Perhaps the best -- and smartest -- Saturday morning cartoon ever in America , `` Johnny Quest '' follows the exploits of Dr. Benton Quest , a super-scientist of the ilk we thanked was on our side during the Cold War . He 's aided by Race Bannon , pilot and secret agent , and his son , Johnny , his chum , Hadji , and their dog , Bandit , as they operate from a high-tech island sanctuary and travel the world in search of mystery and knowledge.The Quest 's imaginative adventures were a mixture of James Bond , Saturday matinee sci-fi , and the Hardy Boys -LRB- as well as some earlier book adventures that were remarkably similar -RRB- , with plenty of spies , pirates , headhunters , and communists to thwart . It was made for kids , but unlike so much today , it was n't juvenile , often putting the Quests in real danger against enemies whose vehemence was tangible , and still allowed Dr. Quest to act as a responsible but not overwrought parent.For a weekly series , the artwork is superb and free of the busyness of today 's animation , and like so many shows of the era , there is a wonderful low-key atmosphere to the production . Even the opening and closing credit sequences mimic those of live action TV , with a jazzy score to boot.Not much since has been made to rival `` Johnny Quest , '' though the equally fun `` The Venture Brothers '' today does a fine job of parodying the show . -LRB- Alas , though , when will Gen-X find a way to create something original rather than always have to rip on others ' work ? -RRB- Though `` Johnny Quest '' might be legitimately criticized for too often using stereotypes , especially for the non-white enemies -LRB- Dr. Zin is straight out of Yellow Horde paranoia -RRB- , on balance , the show does a pretty good job of having an international flavor and certainly is no more problematic in this regard than , say , `` The Incredibles '' or other cartoons with a narrow focus of what the world looks like and who is good and who is bad .
 This was a very ambitious prime time project by the successful creative team of Bill Hanna and Joe Barbera in 1964 . Up until the time this series debuted , animation for television consisted of funny animals , prehistoric families , space age families and wise talking New York cats . All wonderful , but it seemed it was time to push the medium and play to a different audience . Along came Jonny Quest , the first animated adventure series clearly aimed at adults as well as children . The series had a jazzy driving theme song , excellent and unusual underscoring , visionary design , more naturalistic character designs and lots of fast moving action just like the live action adventure series of the day . The plots were fairly intelligent and more complex than the series that came before peppered with plenty of science fiction and high tech gadgetry , circa the mid sixties . Because of the expense and labor involved in the animation process the animation was limited , but this was compensated for by clever layout and staging and a sophisticated and imaginative sound track . In fact , like the Fleischer Superman cartoons of the 1940s , Jonny Quest was essentially a layout driven production . The animation was adequate and , again very cleverly economical , never detracting from the stories . Really , the show was like a living comic book and we loved it . Attempts were made to revive the show in the mid 1980s with what I would consider to be disastrous results . None of the later shows came even close to the level of the original 1964-65 run and to me it was clear that the writers and producers of the new series were clueless as to what made the sixties episodes so fun , stylish , exciting and , well , just plain cool ! In your quest for quality , stick with the classic first season .
 - I absolutely love this collection . I introduced my son and daughter to a little taste of dads youth and they loved it as well . We watched the whole thing from start to finish . Man , were those some quality cartoons and storylines . It still makes me want to take up Judo . Subliminal message methinks .
 I enjoyed the jonny quest series as a kid -LRB- Im 47 -RRB- and always tried to find reruns of the orginal . It always seemed that there only six episodes that I could ever see on tv . After viewing the DVD , it was amazing that almost half of the episodes were like a new cartoon to watch which was very nice . If you havent had a chance to watch the entire series in a long time , do yourself a favor and get this .
 If you saw this series first run as a child you were fortunate . Sadly , this type of entertainment could not be produced today . Buy it and show it to your kids and let them know how the PC crowd has turned their culture into tasteless , spineless , pablum . I am an engineer today partly because of intelligent , interesting programs like J. Quest , Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea , Green Hornet , Lost in Space , etc. . Except for Warner Brothers foolist attempt at censorship the quality and content are very good . Long live the days when it was O.K. to say who the good guys were and who the bad guys were and we were n't always so worried about offending someone .
 In the early 60s , Hanna-Barbera was among several companies trying to establish animation shows in prime time . Other companies tried to revive Amos and Andy and Alvin & The Chipmunks , but those were only on for one season . Hanna Barbera had a hit with the Flintstones and two strikes with the Jetsons and Top Cat going for only one season . This was thier fourth and most ambitious try . It is unlike any other prime time animation series because it alone did not rely on laughs , instead it pursued a suspenseful course . No other animated prime time series ever tried this , in fact the closest anyone else came to Jonny Quest was the various Supermarionation series made by Gerry and Sylvia Anderson . It 's a shame that nobody else ever tried this in prime time . The animated series that comes closest to Jonny Quest was the Star Trek animated series , but that was never shown on prime time , instead it was relegated to the Saturday morning ghetto.I was 8 years old when the series premeired , and my ABC station at the time -LRB- WTAE in Pittsburgh -RRB- pre-empted the first run on their station by showing something else . When the time slot changed in the middle of the season -LRB- from Friday to Thursday -RRB- , well , I caught the reruns and I was hooked on the series . When Jonny was cancelled in prime time , oh that was a sad day for me.I have n't seen the episodes in years , when I got the set , a bunch of friends had an extended lunch and we watched the pilot episode on my Powerbook . There were several complaints about Jonny 's Title card being cut from the introduction of the shows and the original Screen Gems -LRB- Columbia -RRB- tag eliminated at the end of the episode . Oh , I consider those very minor.I give the set 4 stars because of 1 -RRB- some of the episodes have color inconsistencies , but that is probably with age . and 2 -RRB- some of the language has been cut or modified -LRB- especially in the Po Ho episode -RRB- . After I spent the weekend watching these episodes , well , I now understand why Captain Kirk said `` I feel young again '' at the end of the Wrath of Khan . They help me remember happier times in my childhood!Thanks Bill and Joe !
 Cartoons ca n't get better than this ! Here we are approaching 2009 , and my 8 year old prefers watching this than the stupid modern cartoons of today ! I enjoy watching it with him !
 The DVD brings back wonderful childhood memories of a fantastic series that was artistic and exciting ! I recommend it for all baby boomers and/or James Bond fans . It 's unfortunate that only one season was ever made of a true , true classic .
 Truly very good , that reminds me when I was a boy , my daughters love to see this television series because from small I also accustomed them to see Jonny Quest in television . Do n't doubt to buy this series .
 I totally agree with everyones negative comments regarding PC editing . The wonderful folks at PETA must be having a fit . Where else can you see crocs getting blown away with rifles by two men and two boys ? And you know why ? Because it 's just a CARTOON ... from forty years ago ! And a damn good one too.I vote for The Invisible Monster as my overall favorite but I also vote for The Curse of Anubis as sadly is still is the most contemporary episode . Does n't seem like much has changed in the Middle East . As Akim says `` Borders are a fluid affair '' . Right on target for a ~ 50 year old cartoon !
 If you grew up in the 1960 's , unless your parents did not own a TV , you 'd be hard pressed not to know of any body who did n't watch `` Jonny Quest '' . From the heart pounding drums of the opening theme to the final frame of the ending credits featuring Race and Dr. Quest on rocket packs looking for `` Turu The Terrible '' , Jonny Quest captured every young boy 's -LRB- and some girls ' -RRB- zest for excitement and adventure . I always found the show entertaining and educational . The premiere episode about the lizard men featured the concept of laser technology . It 's where I first heard the term laser ! Now lasers are a permanently part of our lives . How ironic that this very DVD set will be played on a machine based on laser technology . My favorite episode was `` Terror On Monster Island '' The adventures of Jonny , Hadji , Race , Dr. Quest and of course `` Bandit '' have entertained generations . I was able to share these shows with my son when he was a youngster . He could n't believe that I watched this show when I was his age . This series is a timeless testament to a gone by era . Enjoy ! Enjoy !
 You have no idea how long I 've waited for this . VHS only lives so long , you know.All of the favs are here . Turu the Terrible , the Q Missile mystery , Monsters in the Monestary , all of them!And even tho I 'm 45 , my 11 year old and I will really enjoy them .
 This 4-disc DVD set includes all the episodes from `` Season One '' of Jonny Quest . By this I presume they mean all of the original 1960 's episodes . The 26 episodes fill the first 3 and a half discs , with filler on the 4th disc.The bonus material is confined to an interesting series of interviews with current animators telling how Jonny Quest came to be and how it affected their own careers . They credit Doug Wildey with bringing sci-fi comic book sensibilities to the project , including the great artwork and `` just over the hill '' technology we 'd all thought we 'd have by now . -LRB- Where 's my hydrofoil and video-walkie-talkie ?? -RRB- The images are bright and clear , and the sound is excellent . This is the DVD we 60 's kids have been waiting all our lives for !
 Very simply put , the Jonny Quest episodes were exciting and fun to watch and I was very disappoointed when they disappeared from television . This collection returns Jonny to the screen more colorful and more exciting than ever . A must have for any fan of animation . Something that the entire family can both understand and enjoy !
 I 've watched a handful of the episodes in this newly-released set and my opinion is that they are superb ! The sound and picture are excellent , and I even like the box . This is Hanna-Barbera at its finest . The stories and characters are as interesting as I remember them being when these episodes first came out back in ' 64 . Would the kids of today get into this stuff ? Just ask my 13 year-old son who had to be pried away from the TV at bedtime . Buy it today !
 I see that Jonny Quest is right at the top of sales on Amazon . That shows that many of us have good taste . I was an impressionable age of 7 when JQ came out in '64 and it was one of my favorities . I recall it was on during prime time , like many classic cartoons in the ' 60 's . The villains and creatures where very menacing and left me with vivid images . Great plots and cliffhangers .
 I consider this to be one of , if not the , greatest animated series of all time . It 's definitely on the list of the top five best cartoon series ever assuming you like action and adventure.I am not alone in this opinion as is indicated by the interviews on disk four with people who work in the animation business.And this is still true after 40 years of advances in technology which you would think would cause cartoons to be better than back then.Why is it so great ? Many reasons.It starts with the entire concept of two kids travelling around the world to exotic -LRB- and real -RRB- places on adventures with their father.The art . The writing / stories . The voices . The music . All of these are exceptional.Here 's some of my favorite episodes although I like them all :3 . The Curse Of Anubis -LRB- probably my all time favorite and my lucky number -RRB- 8 . The Robot Spy14 . Dragons Of Ashida20 . The Invisible Monster23 . The House Of Seven GargoylesThis is a great dvd collection at a great price.Disk four has some extra features where you can find out a lot of interesting facts about Jonny and company.I like this series so much that I got a Jonny Quest tattoo.The Hanna Barbera studios came out with some great animated series back then although not all of them have been released on dvd yet . That 's bad . They need to release the rest of them including ` The Fantastic Four ' . Space Ghost and Birdman are available now.Jeff MarzanoSpider-Man - The '67 Collection -LRB- 6 Volume Animated Set -RRB- Space Ghost and Dino Boy
 As a baby boomer born in 1959 , I grew up watching Saturday morning cartoons -LRB- many of which were created for theater shorts -RRB- and totally was into Jonny Quest . Hanna Barbera got very smart by packaging and marketing their most popular cartoon series , such as the Flintstones and Top Cat -LRB- two more favorites -RRB- . Jonny Quest originally aired on WABC TV on Friday night at 7:30 pm for one season in 1964-65 , for a total of 26 episodes . The Flintstones were also another cartoon that ran in prime time , certainly a brave move by Hanna Barbera , as cartoons were `` kid 's stuff '' , reserved for Saturday morning or other non prime time venues . Repeats began on Saturdays and I was hooked . The voice of Jonny is listed on the credits as Tim Mathieson , who later changes his name to Matheson , whom I remember best in `` Animal House '' . I highly recommend this four DVD set , which contains some cool bonus features , like a PF Flyer sneaker commercial featuring Jonny Quest . I would be remiss if I did n't mention how much better the theme song sounds on theatre sound systems than the 5 '' speaker on the old B&W set I used to watch !
 This is what I thought as a kid myself ... . The original Jonny Quest was the coolest toon when I was young , and whenever it was on tv i would jump at the chance to watch it.They have all the super-cool - and groovy gadgets , spy cams and planes . Johnny along with his friend hadji , body guard Race Bannon , and scientific dad Dr. Quest , travel all over the world to mysterious places that would could only dream about to solve crimes and make the world a safer place.Lots of action ... . If you have a chance to get this do so , it will become one of your favorite dvd series to watch !
 I have the DVD set and it 's the BEST 60 's kid 's show from Hanna-Barbera . Why on earth they only made one season of these boggles my mind ...
 These DVDs are exceptional quality and if you 're a JQ fan like I was/am you 'll really enjoy these adventuresand the quality of the picture , sound etc. .
 As I was quick to find out , my kids did n't really care that much for these dvds . I grew up with J. Quest , and I think they 're pretty good . Overall , a great job of remastering some great cartoons .
 You have no idea how long I 've waited for this . VHS only lives do long , you know.All of the favs are here . Turu the Terrible , the Q Missile mystery , Monsters in the Monestary , all of them!And even tho I 'm 45 , my 11 year old and I will really enjoy them .
 Hanna-Barbara studios lays aside the `` cartoony '' animation for some true-to-life animation with Jonny Quest ... the story of an 11 Yr . old boy who goes on amazing adventures with his father , Dr. Benton Quest , `` Race '' Bannon '' , his friend -- Hadji & his dog Bandit . Watch with awe as you witness the `` smooth as glass '' animation & the amount of excrutiating detail put into each frame . See `` Race '' sweat ! See Jonny cry ! BEST EPISODE
 Wow ! This box set was worth waiting for . The classic animation series looks and sounds better then a lot of the animation series produced today . The special features are great . The excitement of Brad Bird and the others is clearly evident and you can feel it with them as they guide us through some of the reasons why Jonny Quest may have been the best animated series of all time . This DVD set is a must have for anyone interested in animation .
 and it turns out the kids are enjoying the set more than he is . The absurdities of it are totally lost on them reminding me of how we must have been when we watched it as children .
 There is just no excuse in censoring/politically correcting old media . What 's next ? A new cut of `` Birth of a Nation '' ??? I showed a few episodes of this set to 4th and 5th grade students , and unfortunately more than one kid noted a resemblence to `` The Venture Bros. '' on Cartoon Network 's Adult Swim . Yikes , I say.Buy this season 1 set and enjoy it . I promise you will .
 I have very fond memories of this series . Over the years , it has been sliced and diced , and even in that state , was n't shown for years due to it 's violence.Today , all that joyus and glorious stuff that made this show what it was has been lovingly restored to us . This was made during the time when you fired a machine gun or lazer pistol at someone , they would DIE . Pure and simple.Jonny Quest always had GREAT , if not ethnically acceptable villans . Of these , Dr. Syn was my all time favorite.My all time favorite episode of the series has to be `` The Robot Spy '' . still as scary and chilling as ever , after nearly 40 years .
 I grew up watching Jonny Quest during it 's many re-showings on Saturday Morning television during the 70s . I was n't around to watch the series during its original run in the early 60s . With all the awful , poorly conceived and animated shows that aired on Saturday mornings during my childhood Jonny Quest was a breath of fresh air . This series had interesting characters , exciting situations , intelligent stories and fantastic animation which was miles above what was being broadcast at that time.So , now that the Jonny Quest series has made it to DVD I should be overjoyed , right ? Well , the DVD set is good and does contain every episode of the original -LRB- real -RRB- series -LRB- please forget Hanna-Barbera 's horrible modern Jonny Quest attempts -RRB- and they do look clean , crisp and colorful but the set does have its flaws . First , the extras really stink . The documentary about the series is poorly done and features nothing more than a group of people I do n't know and never heard of offering their memories of the series . Who cares ? I want to know about the complete history of the show with profiles of all the creators and voice actors who participated in its production . The documentary was a BIG disappointment . Secondly , having read the reviews on Amazon , I have learned about the various PC edits that have been made to the shows . This , of course , does n't sit well with me . Also , as someone else stated the music that plays on the main DVD menu window is ridiculous . It sounds like the theme to some old game show or something . Why did n't they play the theme or music excerpted from the series instead ? Bad decision guys.What would I have liked to have seen ? How about a real tribute to Doug Wildey , Jonny Quest 's creator . They really needed to have included a something of substance for this great man . They could have also included , assuming it still exists , the original pilot film for Jonny Quest -LRB- when I believe it was going to be based on Jack Armstrong -RRB- . Scenes from the original pilot film appear at the very beginning of the end credits . You know , the scenes with the hover craft and the angry African natives throwing spears.I would give a full five stars to the show itself but have to give the DVD set less due to my above comments .
 Here 's a detailed look at all the Supplemental Bonus Features that are included in this fun and spiffy 4-Disc DVD boxed set of `` Jonny Quest
 The most remarkable thing about this DVD set is that you get a full 25 minutes in each episode . I 've watched the first 7 so far , and I thought I had seen them all a million times . But I had n't . The thing is , when you see them rerun on TV , you see maybe 20 minutes - maybe less . Let 's see , if we cut this episode to 19 minutes , we can add 2 more 30 second commercials.And what 's more , most of those `` restored '' minutes have some of the best dialog and scenes that flesh out the characters.And finally , you get a cartoon you can show your son , that has guy characters doing guy stuff . As opposed to modern day role-reversal cartoons , where the guys get rescued by the girls , or there are no responsible male characters -LRB- do n't get me started -RRB- . I took away one star for the cheesy packaging - why ca n't they give you a decent box for these things ? The episodes , of course , get five stars .
 I bought this from Amazon ` bout two years ago now and it 's still one of my favourite nostalgia blasts.The two episodes I 've remembered most from the past 41 years are.The Robot Spy : ~ great use of music to create mood.That one eyed spider robot still looks creepy even now!The Invisible Monster : ~ The only episode that gave me `` The Creeps '' . One little gripe I 've got about this story is when the creature is invisible it leaves footprints but when covered with paint it 's Globular with no footprints . An unnecessarily pedantic gripe perhaps but that 's just me judging as a critical adult now and not as a child at the time.I can still remember the goosepimples I got as the monster advanced on Jonnys Dad at the end , NO other CARTOON show EVER gave me goosepimples , but Jonny Quest!And all these years later I still remember those amazing `` Hover Platforms '' the enemy used , and the wonderfully exciting , and evocative music.In my opinion the best music ever in a cartoon show ! ~ ~ ~ ~ DVD Special features : ~ 26 -LRB- Goosepimpled -RRB- episodes , Jonny Quest files
 I 'll have to admit I missed the original hey-day of this cartoon -LRB- having been born in 1970 -RRB- , but fell in love with it in repeats throughout the 70 's . The animation was top-notch and believable , the adventures were incredibly fun , and it was the kind of show which continually presented you with `` gee-whiz '' moments -LRB- `` Gee-whiz ! Wish I had a rocket belt ! Just think of what I could do with THAT ! '' -RRB- This was simply the most realistically animated cartoon , bar none - and it helped the willing suspension of disbelief considerably , leaving us with something engaging , absorbing , and downright * fun * . Having set an early standard , every similar cartoon has had to live up to the inevitable comparisons -LRB- mostly failing rather badly , especially the short-lived mis-directed `` Real Adventures of Jonny Quest '' series from the 90 's . -RRB- One tip - watch these episodes one or two at a time , just before bed , with the lights off . Perfect setting for such a show.Technically , the set is extremely well put together , although I 'm a bit confused as to their `` remastering '' claim , but perhaps it is because I expect some decent amount of cleanup to happen when `` remastering '' . Most of the episodes here exhibit spots and speckles -LRB- some astoundingly huge -RRB- from the old film prints , but this diminishes a bit as you reach the later episodes . The sound quality is superb . The extras are a bit sketchy -LRB- several people are brought out to talk about the show , but you 're rarely told why these particular people are the ones doing this commentary -RRB- but entertaining and modestly informative nonetheless.The stories , as ever , are wonderful - compared with modern animation , it 's surprising how much plot they squeezed into each episode . It 's actually something the first episodes of Scooby Doo did almost as well , making the episode feel longer than a half-hour show.In short , this is an animation classic , a great example of scriptwriting , and a whole lot of fun . At the slightly elevated prices of these sets -LRB- compared to something like `` The West Wing '' , which delivers twice as many hours of programming for ten to fifteen bucks less -RRB- , this is the only one fully worth it -LRB- okay , Scoob . Maybe yours too . -RRB-
 Okay , first the bad news . They mucked up the series opener . They cut the JONNY QUEST art card from the end of the opener , also forcing them to truncate what may be the best TV theme song ever.Okay - that 's the bad news ; and that 's ALL the bad news there is . This is a great DVD set.It comes in a cute package with a clear outside meant to look like an animation cel , with uncolored outline art on the inside package itself.The transfers are beautiful . They 're so sharp they have antialiasing problems , but still have all the original animation defects , which I applaud . It must have been tempting to go in and fix some stuff like that cel moire flutter on Anubis from the series opener , but they did n't , and so we get Jonny Quest at the best we could have hoped to have seen in a pristine print back in 1964 . It 's got some nice extras - a featurette interviewing contemporary people in the biz like Steve Rude and Alex Ross and Brad Bird about how JQ influenced them , and telling of the series origins as Jack Armstrong the All-American boy -LRB- not a mention of any Tom Swift or Doc Savage influence is to be found -RRB- ; an episode presented with pop-up trivia -LRB- although I find it hard to believe ` Double Danger ' was produced before ` Mystery of the Lizard Men ' which is so CLEARLY the pilot -RRB- ; a ` video handbook ' with fun features on the cast , villains , gadgets , etc. ; and an excellent PF Flyer commercial.Despite the fact that they 're advertising this as ` season one ' this is ALL the episodes of the original Jonny Quest there are - any others will be ill-conceived revival series attempts with altered casts . This is all the JQ you need , and the set to get .
 Despite criminally deleted un-PC dialog and abominably incorrect end credit re-splicings that fail to give credit to creator Doug Wildey and great guest voices like Keye Luke , Jesse White and Edward Van Sloan , this DVD set is a wondrous experience of adventure extraordinaire ! The tampering and neglect fail to harm this awesome series ! It 's immune due to the infinite quality with which JONNY QUEST was produced in 1964 , far surpassing all other TV animation untill 1992 's BATMAN series 28 years later . The music , art , action , stories and more , combine to form a chemical reaction that bursts out of your TV screen like a super-sonic jet in a life-or-death pursuit of danger . The film and video quality on this DVD set is exquisitely beautiful . The sound is way cool . You 'll want to listen to this loud . The voices , sound effects and music are awesome and very effective . Do n't deprive yourself of the coolest DVD watching experience you 'll ever have . Do n't think about the Jonny Quest 's of the 80 's and 90 's . This is the primal stuff that defines true adventure . JONNY QUEST is without rival my most prized DVD set of all . Treat yourself to this influential show that formed the grand peak of animated TV excitement !
 The best television cartoon ever made . A huge inspiration for Brad Bird 's `` The Incredibles ''
 Thanks so much for the prompt shipment - I received it in plenty of time to give it to my husband for our anniversary . He was totally surprised and has n't stopped watching it since ! He has never forgotten how much of an impact this series had on his boyhood . Great memories for him that he is now able to pass on to our children . Thanks again!Rhonda
 Jonny Quest was my all-time favorite cartoon show when I was a young boy . Now that I 'm nearly 50 , finding all 26 episodes from the original show in one DVD set was just incredible . Watching the different episodes takes me back to an exciting time of wordly adventures through the eyes of a young boy , just like I was . Jonny Quest was funny at times , but the real interest for me came from the different locales the tales took place in and the exciting way Jonny and Hadji found their way into , and out of trouble.Jonny Quest was the James Bond for young boys in the 60 's . I have watched the four DVD 's with my sons and they too watch in anticipation to see what is going to happen next . Each episode brought back more exciting adventures and great memories . This set is a must-have for all baby boomer males who remember this great evening cartoon from the mid-sixties .
 I bought this for my kids -LRB- 13 , 11 , 8 -RRB- and they loved it . They do n't have any memories to compare it to , so to them it was great .
 My wife and I are Jonny Quest fans , it has brought back memories of when life was just a little more simple and innocent . There has been nights when our grandchildren would all pile into our bedroom to watch Jonny Quest and to eat popcorn . It has truly been a means to not only go back in time , but to take the trip with our family .
 My title comes from the 1956 cartoon Colonel Bleep , but it could very well apply to this 1964 one . Jonny Quest was Hanna - Barbera 's entry into the realm of adventure cartoons , and they did it in a big way . Comic book artist Alex Toth designed the characters and look of the show -LRB- he also designed Space Ghost -RRB- . Decades before Indiana Jones would look to '30s and '40s Hollywood for inspiration , H-B 's writers spiced the dialogue with film noir touches and set the backgrounds in exotic locales.The added versimilitude , along with suspenseful soundtracks and tight camera action shots brought a heretofore unseen level of excitement to cartoons . Jonny 's dog Bandit provided comedy relief in the tried and true -LRB- and later overtried -RRB- H-B tradition , as his East Indian friend Hadji brought mystical and cross-cultural intrigue.Then there were the science-based plots that seemed lifted from Tom Swift books , and the detective work ala the Hardy Boys . All of which anchored H-B 's new animated series in a strong tradition -LRB- both series were read avidly throughout the '50s and '60s -RRB- as well as taking limited animation in a ground-breaking new direction.Hanna-Barbera would become the leader in this new genre , producing numerous popular shows including Space Ghost , Thundarr the Barbarian , Pirates of Dark Water , and probably the most imaginative , The Herculoids -LRB- hopefully soon to make its advent on DVD -RRB- , but none so changed TV or are so fondly remembered as Jonny Quest . As with so many other Hanna-Barbera cartoons appearing on DVD , this series is sure to find fans in a new generation .
 There 's no other cartoon quite like `` Jonny Quest '' , the inventive animated action-adventure series that just might have been Hanna-Barbera 's finest half-hour . While I was just a mite too young for it back in the '60s , this excellent DVD box presents the entire `` classic Quest '' run - and there is n't a clunker in the bunch . I 'm sure that sci-fi/gadget/action-crazy kids back then wanted to be Jonny , and who could blame them ? Here 's a clean-cut blond kid who lived on a private island off Miami Beach , did n't go to school , had an exotic buddy from India who did neat magic tricks , and traveled the world with his `` two dads ''
 Having purchased this box set on a whim , I am glad I did ! This set brings back great memories . It does however have a voice edit on the Ho-Po show . I believe however , that the person who thinks that the `` shadow of the Condor '' show was edited has mistaken this episode with `` The Dark Tower '' . The Dark Tower has the scene that shows the Nazi soldier throwing a hand grenade at the Quest team from his plane when they are trapped on the side of the mountain . I do n't recall a scene ever in `` shadow of the condor '' that has the pilot throwing a grenade . I may be wrong but I believe this set is complete and unedited except for the voice editing on the Ho-Po showing.You wont be disappointed with this purchase . It will bring back many memories and is quite to fun to watch even as an adult after all these years . Get it you wont regret it !
 Protect your eyes and your memories ! Before starting the JQ DVD , adjust the color on your TV so that is barely above B&W. ; With the picture acquiring the palor of a well-aged photograph , you will then be more completely transported to your youth as you begin your viewing journey . The top menu is nice but the sound track lapses into something akin to the ` Dating Game ' theme ; you do n't want to go there , so hit ` Episodes ' quickly.There is no need to comment on the show itself . It 's a classic . Yes there is the PO HO edit AND -LRB- I do n't think this has been mentioned -RRB- an edit in the `` Shadow of the Condor '' episode ; the scene has been removed where the German pilot tosses a grenade at the plane flown by Race.Now that the price has dropped from the excruciating $ 50 + to below $ 30 , it is time to run , not walk , to the `` Order Now '' button .
 Jonny Quest , along with his scientist father , Benton Quest , government agent and bodyguard Race Bannon , foundling and friend Hadji -LRB- from India -RRB- and the little bulldog Bandit travel the world during the course of Dr. Quest 's experiments and trouble shooting . Of course , in each instance , they find trouble in the persons of inimical criminals who have their own agendas , and do n't want the Quests butting in.The show was great for several reasons . A reason not to be overlooked is the short but incredibly cool jazz theme music . Second , the travels around the world and the mundane and fantastic creatures they encounter make the show occasionally educational as well as being fascinating . Third , the monsters and criminals are legitimately scary , but not too much so . Fourth , they get to use cool gadgets and transportation that are just as leading edge now as they were in the early 60s -LRB- hydrofoil boats , hovercraft , jet backpacks , diving bells , yachts , and private jets , to start with -RRB- . Jonny Quest was almost certainly inspired in part by the series of Tom Swift books published in the 50s , which had a very similar backdrop for adventure . The adventures are all fun , and tense at the same time , and I enjoy watching them occasionally still.Tim Matheson , who has gone on to make himself famous in many adult roles , was the voice of Jonny -LRB- as well as Jace on Space Ghost -RRB- . Since there is now talk of making a live action Jonny Quest movie , I think it would be outstanding if they hired Tim for the role of Dr. Quest . Rumor abounds about using Dwayne Johnson -LRB- the Rock -RRB- as Race , which I think is perfect.Much has been made about edits to the voice track in the DVD set to make a line here or there `` PC '' . I too was initially appalled by this action , as there really is n't anything offensive . Frankly , protecting a small child from hearing Race Bannon call a native tribe a group of savages seems silly when most kids that age are right in the middle of calling each other dufus and retard , and worse , but that 's what the producers decided to do . However , I decided , in the end , who are these shows really for , us or our kids ? For the kids , they 'll never know the difference , and the stories are just as much fun . For us , after all this is an almost 50 year dated cartoon show . Its not as if they 've changed Bogey 's `` Here 's looking at you kid '' into `` Have a nice flight , ma'am . `` Of course , you can also record these shows on Boomerang for your kids , and get the original dialog . For some reason its OK to show it on cable TV channels at midnight -LRB- EST/EDT -RRB- , just not on DVDs . LOL At a show per evening , it only takes about five weeks to cycle through the one season of shows that was initially produced . Jonny Quest has been part of the Boomerang schedule for years , and does n't look to be going away soon .
 When I was a child , here in Spain , Jonny Quest opened my mind to new frontiers . Strange civilizations , misterious weapons , mad doctors and a blond boy in the middle of all . It was very sophisticated , very , very ... you ca n't imagine my country in the 70 's ! ...
 Excellent . Shipped and received very fast . Animation and clarity is excellent . My husband was thrilled . Made us both feel like kids again , sitting in front of the TV on Saturday mornings !
 Jonny Quest Was One Of My Favorite Cartoons As A Kid . If You Are An Adventure Cartoon Fan This Dvd Set Does Not Disapoint .
 This is a must have for those who grew up with these cartoons from the 60s ! All the cartoon episodes make for a very heavy dose of nostalgia!The sound is in mono and some production glitches are retained . Also be prepared for some politically incorrect racial stereotypes -LRB- Aii-yeeee ! from the slant-eyed yellow-skinned Asian bad guys -RRB- . Jade is as lovely as ever.A really fun ride !
 I am so happy I was able to find this DVD as my husband is an advid Johnny Quest person .
 I was reading the reviews for this AFTER I ordered it and started thinking , uh oh , what have I done . But as I watched the first disc while remembering back when I first watched it as a nine year old kid , I thought to myself , some of these people that are leaving bad reviews need to take a chill pill . The editing part is true , and I 'm not sure about the credits thing , but overall I love it and so does my grandson . It 's different than anything out there today . It makes want go out and look for some PF Flyers .
 If you are a male of a certain age then nothing other than a Delorean with the flux capacitor option will take you back to the mid 60 's faster than watching this DVD set . From the first notes of the familiar JQ theme to the closing credits each 29 minute episode is a delight . I remember all of the adventures and even though I have n't seen the show in decades they still seem relatively fresh and are exciting . My wife is a few years younger than I and never saw the shows when they originally aired and to my surprise she likes them too . I agree with other reviewers that some of the audio editing of certain PC unfriendly dialog is a foul there 's not enough of it to be intrusive . Between watching Jonny Quest and the Man from U.N.C.L.E. I feel like I 'm back in the 4th grade . If you were a fan of the series then this is a must for your collection !
 Premiering in ABC 's primetime time slot -LRB- eventually to be picked up by ALL THREE major networks and revamped and retreaded time and again over the years -RRB- , the Quest team is back in their original series run ! Scientist Dr. Benton Quest , armed and dangerous , ex-government bodyguard man Roger `` Race '' Bannon , impulsive Jonny , streetwise Hadji , and endearing to few , annoying to most Bandit , traveled the world in search of adventure . From the Arctic to Calcutta , India , the Quests tangled with pirates , aborigines , monsters , assorted evil genuises , and , on repeat ocassions , the notorious Dr. Zin . The set does , of course , have its pros and cons.PROS + It 's the original Jonny Quest in extended episode format -LRB- roughly 26 minutes per episode -RRB- . I 'm young for the initial series run but my personal favorites `` Skull and Double Crossbones , '' `` Calcutta Adventure '' -LRB- Hadji 's premier -RRB- , `` Double Danger '' , and `` The Robot Spy '' -LRB- perhaps the most famous appearance of Dr. Zin -RRB- are all here plus twenty-two more to experience for the first time . + For all of the cheap , underhanded edits that the execs decided it was their duty to do -LRB- if you have n't read about it yet , then I 'll explain later -RRB- . every gunshot , foreign-born enemy , and utterance of `` sim sim salbim ! '' are still intact . Considering everyone who the Warner 's execs could have pandered to , fans and newcomers are lucky to see this gem again at all . + Enough special features to effectively takedown a small army of `` lizard '' men , particularly the `` Video Handbook '' of heroes , villains , and destinations , `` Fun facts/Trivia '' version of `` Double Danger , '' and vintage PF Flyers ad.CONS-Quest encounters and succeeds against many an antagonist situated in his own time and in many parts of the world . However , when up against a more `` politically correct '' -LRB- red flag , red flag ! -RRB- America , the HEATHEN MON -- I mean , `` suits '' at Warner Home Video won a few battles of their own . Having experienced `` Pursuit of the PoHo '' for the first time , it is obvious that Race 's dialogue has been tampered with as his lips continue to flap against silence -LRB- thanks to numerous other reviewers that I read AFTER I had ordered , I know what the original dialogue was -RRB- . To which I call `` MOO ! '' -LRB- a little political correctness can get real annoying real fast , ca n't it -RRB- ? It 's been asked at least once and it bears repeating
 I purchased this collection for my husband as a gift , and we have both really enjoyed watching all the old Quest gang . It 's a fun way to chill out , and something we both enjoyed watching when we were younger . They go to the coolest places and thier adventures are always entertaining . Next time our nephews come to visit , we are going to introduce them to Jonny , Race , Hadji , Dr. Quest , and of course , Bandit .
 With horrible BOX ART ! What is WARNER BROTHERS thinking ? They have the classic style guides from DOUG WILDEY and ALEX TOTH But they use a 3rd rank artist to do an important box cover like this ? Anyway ... the series is EXCELLENT and I will be getting this set for sure . I will just have to cover up the bad art with some of the original art from the series . STEVE RUDE even did box art that was wonderful when the set was slated for LASER DISC a few years back . Oh well ...
 Imagine a cartoon series that teaches your kids respect of elders , doing homework , saying your prayers at night , bite-sized science lessons , respecting other cultures and people while at the same time actually killing the bad guys instead of worrying about offending them.Welcome to Johnny Quest - A journey into TestosteroneLand where men are men , boys are boys , bad guys get killed and women are nowhere to be found.This cartoon series is about as conservative as a cartoon can be . You will NOT see this box sitting on the movie shelf at your liberal friend 's house . For example , attacking crocodiles get repelled with gunfire , bad guys get shot -LRB- dead -RRB- , the key scientist has morals -LRB- and prefers to be armed -RRB- , and ex-military bodyguards protect the kiddies by using bullwhips to crack scorpions into pieces . Also , Dr. Beton Quest is prone to tell the boys to pray when science eventually fails to come to the rescue.Jetpacks , hovercraft , jets , monsters , ray guns , scientific experiments , military action -LRB- tanks vs robots -RRB- , bad guys , soldiers and police -LRB- being portrayed accurately in a positive light ! -RRB- , prehistoric beasts , cavemen , Natzi war criminals getting punished , etc.Imagine the government only relying on REAL scientists who examine things through actual experiments and resulting data - not politicians pushing junk science like global warming , totally ignoring the millions of metric tons of greenhouse gasses and solid particulates volcanoes release and how it was warm enough for the Vikings to grow crops in Greenland 1,000 years ago.I would have paid hundreds of dollars for this DVD set.PS
 Jonny Quest -LRB- the original , not the new Jonny Quest -RRB- was a cartoon stacked with action and adventure and story lines that could equal any live action show . I 'm surprised that no one has attempted to do a Jonny Quest movie yet . Although this animated show only lasted one season , it was one of the best cartoons I remember growing up with . There was actually a plot to the story and the animation was fantastic for its time . Great attention to detail . And if you 're a Tim Matheson fan , he does the voice for Jonny Quest . If you have never seen the original version of Jonny Quest then I suggest you buy a copy or go on youtube and check it out yourself . A nostalgic look back at cartoons of yesterday and something the kids would enjoy . I believe that it would be entertaining for the whole family
 My fiancee wanted this dvd set because he grew up watching these as a youngster ! He LOVES it ! He is always trying to convince me to watch another episode with him :-RRB- I 'm sure when we have kids - they will be watching them too !!
 I grew up in the 1970s and missed this cartoon classic as a child . As I grew , my fondness for classic cartoons grew and Jonny Quest soon became one of my favorites . The DVD is excellent with all the original episodes . This may be one of the finest if not finest Saturday morning cartoon ever !
 Once upon a time , there was an animated TV show , unlike anything else . It featured exotic locales , state-of-the-art technology , and exciting encounters with a wide variety of villains and situations . It was COOL ! It was Jonny Quest . I 've loved it ever since!In the 60 's , I was often stigmatized by other kids for liking Disney movies . Most kids in my school thought animated cartoons were for `` babies '' . But when Jonny Quest was on , even these mini-snobs could n't resist its often sophisticated allure.I love the adventure , the mystery and the coolness that is Jonny Quest ! After all these years , this wonderful show is available in a DVD set that does justice to this marvelous adventure ! The picture and sound quality leave nothing to be desired . Great DVD set !
 Okay okay , if you loved the series when you were a kid , you 'll still love it today on these wonderful DVDs . Buy this set without hesitation.But what about today 's kids ? Does Jonny have what it takes to grab their attention away from Yu-Gi-Oh and Ed Edd and Eddy ? In my home , the answer is a resounding yes!My two boys -- ages 8 and 9 -- are loving this box set . The stories resonate with them . They laugh at Bandit 's mishaps . They cheer for the heroes and relish the demise of countless memorable bad guys . They love the gadgets and the mystery . And they beg to stay up late for just one more episode . This series connects to them just as it did my own brother and me.Every episode I can remember is included here -LRB- and it 's just season one ?! -RRB- I 've had the theme song playing in my head for well over 30 years . It 's a true pleasure now to hear it again as we gear up for the next adventure . And it 's even better to share it with my kids.On a side note , I recall years ago when the Cartoon Network was brand new , they had an online poll asking viewers to vote for their favorite cartoon mom . Wilma Flinstone came in second . Viewers ' pick for top mom ? Race Bannon !
 I 'm not old enough to have watched these during their original run but I did grow up before Cartoon Network had desolved completely into the mindless -LRB- and PC -RRB- mess it is today . Jonny Quest is still my favorite cartoon . I 'm having a blast rewatching favorite episodes and I 've `` found '' quite a few episodes that I 've never seen before .
 Jonny Quest is the one great thing I remember from my childhood . It was a great TV show that was on prime time and I am glad to have it on DVD . I can never stop watching this show .
 This was a great purchase . JQ is fun , an escape from the cartoons they have on tv today , and short .
 I bought this as a gift to my sister . She enjoyed the cartoon as a child and I thought it would make a great Christmas gift .
 What a fantastic treat to watch Jonny Quest again . What a landmark show and EVERY episode is excellent ! Buy it , and watch it again and again , as I have !
 Now my kids can enjoy what I did , with great picture and sound thanks to amazon for doing what they do so well.Thank you . J B M
 Jonny Quest is the best cartoon series that I can rememeber . The amazing adventures of the Quest team were the highlight of many Saturday mornings and all my friends feel the same way . We get something back that had been missing from our lives for so long -- the wonderment and idealism of youth -- and just for the time we watch these shows , we are again all we wanted to be and everything will be the best that everything can be.takes me back to the years of my youth . it is even better than i remember
 This is the best cartoon show ever !!!! Bandit is adorable !! More Jonny Quest please !!!!!!!!
 Born in 1963 , I recall many things about the 1960 's , but one TV series stands out more than all others -LRB- ok , maybe not as much as bugs bunny and the roadrunner -RRB- and that is Jonny Quest . This show , although `` too violent '' for the `` Politically Correct '' parents of today , was way ahead of its time , and so realistic that the invisible monster used to scare -LRB- ... -RRB- me every time I saw it . Long before we started to see the sillier side of Hanna-Barbera , Jonny Quest helped a world steeped in espionage , cold war paranoia , and the race to the moon stop for 30 minutes every Saturday to see some really cool kids use some really cool `` toys '' to fight some really scary bad guys in some really cool far-off places . Although I have a hard time visualizing the same Tim Matheson that played in `` Animal House '' giving a voice to JQ , I still envy him for getting to play the coolest animated kid character of all time !
 It 's about time this series was released on DVD.Johnny Quest was the ultimate show for guys . It had plenty of action , an exciting theme song , and dynamic background music . Yes , the show was violent but it portrayed the world as it was , not as it should be . It taught us that the although the world is beautiful it is also sometimes a dangerous and violent place . Villains met their demises descending into tar pits , crushed in a cave-ins , falling off cliffs , or being eaten by crocodiles . There was plenty use of guns but no one died directly from a gunshot wound . Of course , Bandit would always encounter some indigenous creature.There was also cool equipment - the vertical take-off jet -LRB- Harrier jet -RRB- , lasers , jet packs , diving bells , and robots . Dr. Quest also had a personal computer when computers were large and ominous . He video screen radio - one could argue the predecessor to the cell phone.Although I 'm not thrilled with the `` editing '' of the Po Ho episode I 'll overlook it . This DVD collection still has a lot action - something the politically correct crowd ca n't take away despite their efforts .
 It took a long time , but it finally happened , every episode of the classic Jonny Quest series is now availbe to me 24/7 . I encouarge anyone who enjoys action and adventure to purchase this set and enjoy . Hopefully this will mean that HBs other action adventure cartoons -LRB- Space Ghost , Herculoids , Mighty Mightor , etc -RRB- will soon be available as well .
 These classic Jonny Quest episodes have been remastered brilliantly ; the quality is as good as we 're ever likely to see , and it 's a joy to watch them without commercial breaks or transmission glitches . However -- I have n't seen all the shows yet yet , but they may have been edited for PC-ness . There is a point in the `` Pursuit of the Po-Ho '' episode where Race is trying to frighten the Po-Ho Indians of South America by appearing in purple dye as their water god , and during one of his tirades the sound cuts out while his lips keep moving . If you turn on the subtitles , you can see that he is supposed to be saying '' ... you heathen monkeys ! '' -LRB- they forgot to edit the subtitles -RRB- . I hope they do n't keep doing this in other episodes . Come on , Hanna-Barbera , leave the Quest adventures alone ; they ca n't help being of their time . Anyway , the Po-Ho 's really DO seem to be `` ignorant savages '' ; the Quests certainly outfox them easily enough with that dopey `` I 'll pretend to be their god '' ruse . What 's truly unforgiveable in the way of post facto edits is spotting Beavis and Butthead strolling across the background in one show . -LRB- I 'm not going to tell you which one . -RRB- It 's bad enough those guys turn up in the Lord of the Rings movies , now they 're infiltrating Jonny Quest , too . When will the madness end ?
 JQ is JQ . I 've read some of the reviews criticising the ` edits ' in these cartoons.Who cares ?! If you liked JQ in the past , you 'll like it just as much now ! Worth every penny I spent to feel like a kid again ...
 Even though it was used , it was in good quality and everything was nicely handled , even came in a few days early .
 This series , short-lived as it was , is still the best animated comic book-type action cartoon . Still . Anyone interested in animation and comic book art should know about this series . The artwork is flat out amazing , and not at all what you would expect from the makers of the very flatly drawn `` Flintstones '' and `` Jetsons '' . The video transfer to DVD is great . The colors are fantastic and the sound is amazing . This is a real treat.Sure , some of the dialogue is dated . But it 's pretty fun to hear kids say , `` Yipee '' and `` Yahoo '' . If you 're of an age to remember these cartoons from your early childhood , the language might strike you only as familiar , perhaps eliciting a bit of nostalgia . It should n't be seen as a negative when so many of today 's cartoon kids are simply smarmy . These guys know how to have fun while respecting adults -LRB- the good adults , anyway -RRB- . The stories become a little familiar as evil world domination plans are foiled again and again . But the villains are great , and did I mention the artwork is truly amazing ?! Yes . There definitely is a body count in this series . Perhaps that will shock some people . Somebody dies in nearly every episode . They blow up thingsreal good , you know . But the dead bodies are never seen , as far as I can tell . Just the ` splosions and debris.Since their missions take them all over the world . The animators get to stretch their creative muscles on some truly gorgeous and very spooky backdrops -- Andean Mountains , the Himalayas , Sargasso Sea , etc.Watching these again very recently the notion strikes me that if this series were to debut in prime time today -LRB- as it did in 1964 -RRB- many people watching would swear these four guys are gay.Not that there 's anything wrong with that .
 or 4.5 stars or 5 ? ... nothins perfect but this is the best cartoon eternally due to its like realism via its stories , continuity , vid/audio q , characters , acting , devices and fx...-anyting more ? only ep i realize to date that was bad was only due to dvd trnsfer where `` pursuit of po ho '' ep has race 's words shortened and replaced by dumb short overdub-wasted lousy effort and y ? -LRB- no time left to say more here that i can -RRB- but i like some eps better than others in this set-season one-no this is the complete collection of its time , i didnt like seeing the remake , what , in the 80 's ? cuz it wasnt as good as the past thats here to stay on disc for worth buyin as long as the price is right .
 First of all , let me say tha Im very happy that he classic Hana Barbera cartoons are finally getting some dvd time . Im excited that as a fan of anything produced by the Barbera studio diring this time , Im cant express how wonderfull such masterpieces are being imortilised in such an archival media.I highly recomend anyone with any faint impulse of nostalgia , to consider aquiring these tittles , as it will not only boost anyones collection , but motivate the studios to put out more of the classic stuff.This review refers to all the Hanna Barbera DVDs being released .
 This series is amazing . I realize now why I only remember seeing the same half dozen JQ episodes as a kid . The majority of the episodes are so overtly wrong on many levels in terms of social awareness . So it all makes sense now why the TV watchdogs did n't allow many of these shows to be aired in the late 70s and early 80s when the reruns were viable . This fact makes the series so enjoyable ! I busted my gut laughing at many of the sincere -LRB- maybe not ? -RRB- points of logic made during the shows . `` Jonny , some bombs are good . '' another
 As my favourite cartoon is JQ , I was glad to see it on DVD . Though I prefer next series when the kids are older and Race has his daughter . Hope I can buy them soon , too !
 Academy award winner Timothy Hutton headed down under and portrayed a very convincing grumpy passionate Aussie sheep farmer at odds with his musically gifted son . The way father and son came back together , separated and then reunited through music is heartwarming and realistic . The music is brilliant . The outback scenes are stunning . The drama that turns to romance between Luke Arnold -LRB- Tommy -RRB- and Spy Kids star Alexa Vega -LRB- Kat -RRB- is a treat . The plot moves steadily to a wonderful climax with plenty of subplots and subtle themes to keep you thinking and enjoying at the same time . Thumbs up to the writer , director , producer and cast . -LRB- What 's with the horse on the DVD cover ???? Tommy rides a motor bike not a horse . Whatever !?!? -RRB-
 This film was utterly entertaining and a feel good movie as well . You will be rooting for the likeable and adorable main character Tommy who has big dreams that seem impossible to achieve given his circumstances . I promise that the ending will leave you smiling and feeling insprired .
 This was an amazing movie , I love the music . Good story.Picky people remarks : Tommy goes out with a crazy group of young people and throws watermelons at garbage cans , cars , through windows , etc. . . Tommy signs a sheet that says they did more community service time than they really didNO bad wordsWhen a strange man keeps staring at her , the girl says `` I do n't know what prostitute I remind you of , but just stop it ! '' - turns out she reminded the man of his daughter that he desperately wanted to see again.That was literally ALL the slightly questionable material there was --------- if you do n't mind a couple kisses : -RRB- Great movie , I absolutely loved it !!!
 I loved this film . The music , the scenary , the filming was beautiful . It 's a movie we enjoy watching over and over . Teens especially will relate but there is a message for everyone who has a family - which is all of us . Timothy Hutton is always worth the price of admission . Definately a winner !
 I really enjoyed this movie , because of the awesome music for one , but also because the main star held onto his dream despite difficult circumstances , including his father not believing in him . It shows what can be done if you keep your focus and do n't give up on yourself or your dream . It reminds me in some ways of the movie &#34; August Rush &#34; because the star heard music in everything from tools to nature .
 I had recently watched Alexa Vega in `` From Prada to Nada '' and I liked her acting . She is funny and believable . She and Luke Arnold did not disappoint me in this story . They played these rebel teenagers that get in trouble but what comes out of that is beautiful and inspiring music . Definitely a must see !
 I saw this online before purchasing it . This was definitely one to add to our collection . The music is outstanding and the story is inspiring .
 im here to review the movie its self . . I was able to watch this on netflix and although expected it to be a teenager type of movie , probably horrible acting , very cliche . . etc , it most definitely was n't ! what made it so great you ask ? -- the music ! that end scene was just fantastic . if you enjoyed August Rush movies like that , you will love this movie !!
 I 'd recommend this movie to my friends and family . Beautifully done . Music is wonderful in this movie , sort of like in August Rush but with a totally different kind of story . I 'd watch it again .
 Length :
 It 's sort of out there but the story and relationships of father and son are real . Good inspiring story and the scenery was great .
 I am originally from Broken Hill , now living in the USA . Imagine my joy when I actually saw a movie named after the town I was born and raised in , and lived there until I was 25 when I then moved to the USA . When we went to the theater there were only two other people there , first night of the movie at this theater ! To say I was shocked is an understatement . I watched the movie and I enjoyed it . That was not the problem I had . The problem I had was with the title . Who but those who have been or were raised there , would even know what Broken Hill was . When I tried to encourage people to go the first question usually was , why do I want to see a movie about a broken hill . I would explain to them that was not what it was about , but an actual town in the Outback where I was born and raised . I wrote to the company who produced and directed the movie and told them I thought it could be an incredible hit if it was released under a different name . I never did hear a word back . So not sure if that was even forwarded onto the right people . So to say I was disappointed in the movie would be incorrect . To say it needed a different title definitely would be correct . I still encourage people to rent it and draw their own conclusions . Just last week someone emailed me and told me they and their children had rented the movie and loved it . So hopefully word of mouth will help . I love Broken Hill but with a husband , 5 sons and daughters , 5 son and daughter in laws and 13 grandchildren it is not in the cards to move back . Just take my trips as I can . In the meantime have to be satisfied with watching the movies , Australia , Broken Hill and The Rabbit Proof Fence for starters to help with my home sickness - or give me more - not quite sure .
 A good video . I really enjoyed the music part of the video . Also pleased with the service . Would recommend this to anyone , especially to young people .
 This video is n't about horses and the aussie outback , it 's about a boy who wants to be a composer and he trains a band of prison inmates . Well done , the music is quite fun .
 The Invisible man stands head and shoulders above Dracula , the Wolf Man , Frankenstein and the Creature of Black Lagoon . If this movie was only made a year ago , the story , acting and -LRB- of course -RRB- the special effects would still astound audiences . Claude reins was born to play the roll of the Invisible man and he does it absolutely Brilliantly . This is easily one of the best films ever .
 it 's funny that claude rains shot to fame in `` the invisible man '' when we only see him for a few seconds at the end of the movie . but such is the power of james whales movie . having just directed frankenstein mr. whale was given free run of this project and did he ever take it and run . this is still a very powerful movie that has a wicked humor about it and still can make you blink at the quality of the f/x for the time . add to that the deep and rich voice of claude rains and you get a classic of the first order.the problem is that none of the other films live up to the promise of the first and they are really not that good , most falling into comedy even if they were n't ment too.still they are worth a look and because of the first movie belongs beside the other monster collections .
 For being a film from 1933 , The Invisible Man is a very good film . This DVD collection contains four other movies and a documentary.The Invisible Man itself is not quite as good as its successors , however , it is well written and at times surprisingly original . The drawbacks are the Innkeeper 's wife , who was -LRB- according to the documentary -RRB- hired for the entire reason I did not like her
 Saw this movie when I was a youngster -LRB- many years ago -RRB- enjoyed it then and still enjoy this and all the old -LRB- 1930s & 1940s -RRB- horror movies .
 Claude Rains IS the Invisible Man and follows H. G. Wells 's novel fairly close ; I 've always loved this tale and have quite a collection of related movies -LRB- Invisible Maniac , Memoirs of an Invisible Man , Hollow Man 1 and 2 , and the Invisible Strangler/there are a few others , including one with Steve Guttenburg -RRB- . I think most of us can relate to feeling invisible , and earlier this year I got to supply the voice for an invisible man on an internet horror hosting program , Horror Dungeon , and I reveled in using Claude Rains ' maniacal laughter as tribute to his magnificent role.Anyhoo , the first one is the best one and the special effects are marvelous for 1933 ; Claude Rains rules as the Invisible Man ! I 've watched this one many times . Hahahahaaaaaa!The Invisible Man Returns is a close second . Vincent Price -LRB- my fav actor of all time ! -RRB- plays a sympathetic invisible man seeking revenge for false imprisonment ; a tired story idea about an innocent man in jail seeking the actual guilty party has been done to death -LRB- about a zillion times already ; something new Hollywood -RRB- but it is handled very well with a compelling cast . . And it has Vincent Price!The Invisible Man 's Revenge is so-so . Nothing new but its the Invisible Man so , yeah , I liked it . Just a little disappointing in that it 's really another movie for Hollywood to romance criminals as antiheroes . Been there , done that , and still not believeable.The Invisible Agent vs Nazis . No , you read that right . I actually liked this one but I would rather have seen the Gestapo prevalent instead of spies ; maybe I read too many Captain America comics over the years but watching Nazis get their butts kicked is fun . This one was made during WWII and occasionally feels forced.The Invisible Woman ... meh . It 's a comedy from 1940 . A few funny situations , sure , but done better by Chevy Chase in John Carpenter 's superior Memoirs of an Invisible Man . I 'll take Jessica Alba 's Invisible Woman from Fantastic Four , any day of the week , yes , indeedy!This boxset was the first time I saw The Invisible Man Returns , The Invisible Man 's Revenge and the Invisible Agent.I purchased this one the same day I purchased the Creature from the Black Lagoon Legacy Collection .
 Sometimes it is good to see an old classic horror/thriller movie . `` The Invisible Man '' is fun to watch . The special effects for 1933 were superb and the effect of invisibility was kept a secret for many years.This DVD set will reveal that secret to you by film historian , Rudy Behlmer.The Invisible Man -LRB- 71 min . -RRB- Released 13 , 1933 . It 's a snowy night as a bandaged man -LRB- Claude Rains -RRB- tries to make it to The Lions Den Inn . Everyone in the tavern looks at him oddly as he enters , but the patrons are odd themselves . He rents a room from Jenny Hall -LRB- Una O'Connor -RRB- and insists on privacy . This man has a horrible secret that has effected his body . It is driving him mad . He will soon be forced to reveal his secret.Una O'Connor is also in Bride of Frankenstein -LRB- 2935 -RRB- , My Favorite Spy -LRB- 1942 -RRB- , The Bells of St. Mary 's -LRB- 1945 -RRB- . Gloria Stuart as `` Flora '' is also inThe Old Dark House -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , Secrets of the Blue Room -LRB- 1933 -RRB- , Titanic -LRB- 1997 -RRB- . Henry Travers as `` Dr Cranley '' is best remembered inIt 's a Wonderful Life -LRB- 60th Anniversary Edition -RRB- -LRB- 1946 -RRB- . Walter Brennan is a bicycle owner.D ` Arcy Corrigan is a Villager.John Carradine is the villager playing darts , returns in The Invisible Man 's Revenge -LRB- 1944 -RRB- as a `` Bettor in Pub '' . Mary Gordon is another screaming woman . She can also be seen in The Invisible Man Returns -LRB- 1940 -RRB- as `` Cookie-the cook '' and The Invisible Woman -LRB- 1940 -RRB- . Harry Stubbs is `` Inspector Bird '' . He returns in The Invisible Man Returns -LRB- 1940 -RRB- as Constable Tewsbury '' . Forrester Harvey is `` Herbert Hall '' . He returns in The Invisible man Returns -LRB- 1940 -RRB- as `` Ben Jenkins '' . The Invisible Man Returns -LRB- 1940 -RRB- 81 min.Dr . Frank Griffin -LRB- John Sutton -RRB- , who is the brother of the deceased John Griffin , goes to the prison to visit his friend . Geoffrey Radcliffe -LRB- Vincent Price -RRB- . He only sees him for 10 minutes . 35 minutes later , they discover the prisoner is gone from his cell . Only his clothes remain . Radcliffe has escaped by the extraction of an East Indian herb combined with other ingedients to render him invisible . His fiancee , helen -LRB- Nan Grey -RRB- has also disappeared suddenly . She is with her fiancee radcliffe and the Inspector -LRB- Cecil Kellaway -RRB- is hot on the trail.Henry Stubbs , who played `` Inspector Bird '' in The Invisible Man -LRB- 1933 -RRB- returns as `` Constabile Tewsbury '' . Cedric Hardwicke -LRB- Rope -LRB- 1948 -RRB- -RRB- plays `` Richard Cobb '' . He returns in The Invisible Agent -LRB- 1942 -RRB- . The Invisible Woman -LRB- 1942 -RRB- 72 min.This film is made in the comedy vein . Professor Gibbs -LRB- John Barrymore -RRB- puts an ad in the newspaper to turn someone invisible with his machine . Kitty Carroll -LRB- Virginia Bruce -RRB- has been chosen for the adventure . What she would really like to do is get even with her former boss Mr. Growley -LRB- Charles Lane -RRB- . An all-star cast of character actors
 I only bought this to complete my Universal Monsters series , but it 's actually a good collection . The first movie is a landmark because of the brand new special effects . As old as this movie is , they hold up to this day . The other movies , while not exactly sequels are interesting , too . Universal Monster fans should get this set . They will not be disappointed .
 H G Wells fantastic writer . A movie you have to get and watch again and again . You ca n't miss with this movie .
 You ca n't see meWriter R.C. Sherriff and Director James Whale took a thinly valid H.G. Wells social commentary `` The Invisible Man '' and made a great 1933 movie that is worth watching and watching and watching again.Claude Rains , who played such characters as Julius Caesar in Caesar and Cleopatra -LRB- 1945 -RRB- , makes an excellent `` The Invisible Man '' as a scientist that perfects invisibility only to find the side effects are megalomania leading to insanity.Can he be saved?Watch and see .
 although it is old and in black and white it still stands the test of time as a scary movie and is still well done . I really enjoyed it
 If you like horror movies then this is the one for you !!! A classic horror movie !! Buy it !!
 I grew up with the classics illustrated comics in the 1960 , s and i want to own all that i read before . it is a very well made movie and i would recommend it to all of the classic illustrated fans .
 `` The Invisible Man '' , 1933 , Claude Rains , Gloria StewartI had never seen the original `` The Invisible Man '' . After watching it , I must say that this is truly one of the classic horror films of the Twentieth Century . It laid some of the groundwork for future films . I feel it is among the horror/drama films that still stand with the greats.First of all , I 'll mention the special effects . For the time it was made , the effects were innovative and very well done . By todays standards , of course , there could be a lot of criticism , but one needs to view these older films for what they were at the time and to appreciate the thought and talent that went into the film 's creation . The special effects of `` The Invisible Man '' enhanced the film but were not its focus.As with most of the movies of the 50 's , the actors and acting carried the film unlike the more recent effects-driven films . Claude Rains was superb at conveying to the viewer the anger , frustration and confusion his character experienced as his self-induced condition slowly drove him toward insanity . What is truly remarkable about Claude Rains ' performance is that he did this without any facial expression - he was either masked or invisible throughout the film -LRB- save the last scene -RRB- . Gloria Stewart turned in a great performance as the faithful and concerned fianc&eacute;.There was one thing that could be a bit distracting to the film . The innkeeper 's wife was a bit over the top , bordering on comic relief . Do n't forget to watch for the running trousers scene . That being said , this is still a movie well worth seeing and a delightful addition to my collection . I will certainly watch this one again . `` The Invisible Man '' , 1933 , comes highly recommended .
 This is a terrific movie and the print it was transferred from is clean and crisp.I just finished watching it for the umpteenth time and I still find this film as great as the first time I saw it when I was a kid . The only exception is that I can now appreciate its campiness and endless touches of humor.Often overlooked among the greatest Universal Horrors , this may not be as unintentional as it seems . While it does have a couple of strategic murders that advance part of the plot , most of this is played for laughs . The voice of Claude Rains is the title character . Think about it , what a great job for an actor . He can use his voice to its optimum theatricality but can bypass the scare make-up that can take hours . In the end , Rains does materialize it albeit only briefly . Great character actress has a plum role as the freaked out wife of a pub owner . Actor Henry Travers -LRB- mostly remembered as Clarence the Christmas Angel in IT 'S A WONDERFUL LIFE a decade later -RRB- even is cast as a biologist . Gloria Stuart makes an early screen appearance as Rains ' love interest.For a relatively short film , this film moves quickly . There are no awkward gaps and every scene is used for maximum effect to advance the plot.This film is smart , campy , and amusing and has held up well almost 80 years later .
 This is a sort of classic film with the very fine actor , Claude Rains that one would expect to entertain and inspire . Okay , it entertains . And , if you are a fan of James Whale and Universal monster movies , it is a must for your collection.P R O S :1 . Special effects are very well done for the time period .2 . Generous use of special effects , very few repeats of them so we get surprised by the trick photography .3 . Film follows the book relatively closely .4 . Has great subordinate character actors , especially the iconic Una O'Connor with her trademark hysterics .5 . Script provides a logical reason why the Invisible Man goes insane.C O N S :1 . Claude Rains is not acting like `` Claude Rains '' . Normally , this guy is fabulous . But for some reason , in this movie , he acts and sounds very reminiscent of Colin Clive in `` Frankenstein '' , even to the forced accent . In fact , he sometimes gets dangerously close to being just as `` hammy '' . Clive 's performance was often over the top and hysterical . To his credit , Rains is able to stop short of it . But he has so much acting power that is not used here , I was very disappointed .2 . The reason the Invisible Man goes insane is as convenient as the brain mix up in `` Frankenstein '' . It 's a little too contrived so close after the release of `` Frankenstein '' .3 . The script misses the opportunity to explain to the audience WHY the Invisible Man is so desperate to find an antidote so soon after succeeding in his experiment . Instead it just makes it appear again like `` Frankenstein '' . In that film , Henry Frankenstein quickly regrets making his creation . In this one , Jack Griffin -LRB- Claude Rains -RRB- quickly regrets becoming invisible . Yes they have reasons , but it would be nice for them to explain it , as their characters do in the novels .4 . In the book , Wells takes pages to explain what a painful process becoming invisible is . It takes days of nauseating illness before the transformation is complete . This is missing from the film , and it would have given a little sympathy for the very unsympathetic main character . Admittedly , Wells wrote the character as unsympathetic , but in the latter half of the novel , when he tells his experience , we get sympathy for him . This is missing from the movie .5 . The book also explains how utterly pointless becoming invisible is . There 's really no advantage to it , and it does not make one invulnerable , in fact it makes one more vulnerable . One is naked and exposed to the elements , and any number of circumstances -LRB- rain , snow for example -RRB- will give away your presence anyway . The film does have Griffin mention some of these problems , but only because they will thwart his plans of terrorizing people . In the book , Griffin explains these problems to show the tragedy of his situation , how pointless the success of his experiment has been and why her wants to find an antidote . That sense of disappointment and tragedy is missing from the film.The film could have done this and taken it a notch above the earlier `` Frankenstein '' . In fact , much of the pathos of `` Frankenstein '' is due to Boris Karloff 's spectacular performance . But Rains is no more a Karloff than he is a Colin Clive . Rains is , in his own right , a very fine and inspiring actor . This film falls short of letting him and his talents shine through.Summary : This is an entertaining film with really nice special effects , but it is also classic Universal fare , weak on eliciting audience sympathy , and prone to over acting . It is too reminiscent of `` Frankenstein '' to truly stand on its own , and that 's a pity because there were very good actors in the cast.Still , it 's a must have if you collect James Whale or Universal films.It just could have been -- well , so much better .
 THE INVISIBLE MANAn adaptation of an HG Wells novel of the same name , James Whales ' cinematic version borrows much from the book while adding enough to make the film his own . It is a sad tale involving an un-cautious scientist who goes mad while injecting generous amounts of humor and comedy at the same time . Coupled with some of the best special effects ever , The Invisible Man is a classic tale of criminal and scientific horror.As the title states , this is a movie about an invisible man , Jack Griffin . Griffin is a scientist of the highest caliber , a gift that also acts as his curse after he invents a serum that can render a man invisible . Griffin 's intentions are to find an antidote , `` a way back '' as he calls it so that he can turn himself visible again and live a normal life . He sees the mistake he has made and understands he can never re-enter normal society so long as he remains invisible.That 's where the fun comes in . After barricading himself in a small village inn , Griffin 's temper gets the best of him and he causes a riot after the landlords try and kick him out . You see , one of the side effects of the serum is insanity , although we are never sure if Griffin 's unstable mind is due to that , the strains of his predicament , or the glory that the serum will bring him . Whatever the case , Griffin can be a real troublemaker when he wants to . He punches , strangles , ransacks and causes a whole host of problems when tempted . Sometimes his pranks are downright funny , such as when he throws a bicycle and begins smashing windows.This is what makes the Invisible Man so great . He does n't have super powers , he is n't psychotic or physically strong . He 's just invisible and insane . You get the impression that if Griffin were n't invisible he would n't be as brazen as he is . But as he is , he does all the things we wish we sometimes could . This makes Griffin 's situation all the more confusing because even though by the middle of the film he is a criminal with ill intent , he is still sympathetic and in many ways , very likeable . Even in the act of strangling a man to death Griffin comes off as innocently as an impish child till we realize the exact nature of his action.The sets are really engaging and all the actors are fantastic , but it 's Griffin 's appearance that steals the show . When visible , he is cloaked head to toe in cloths , his face wrapped in bandages complete with fake nose and dark glacier glasses . But when he disrobes , that 's when the real effects come in . They are truly amazing in an age before CGI.I like the authorities reaction to Griffin , too . They are in a pinch as they try and figure a way to capture Griffin before he can commit more crimes or finalize his ultimate goal
 Delightful special effects , a good story , and a remarkable INVISIBLE performance by Claude Raines make this picture a SciFi classic that excites my imagination as much today as it did 60 years ago when I first saw it . I 'll never forget it !
 Nice boxed 2 DVD set . Luckily the cornerstone Claude Rains feature is on the single sided disc 1 and plays perfectly . You 've all seen the film and this edition is a keeper . Unfortunately , disc 2 is double sided containing `` The Invisible Man Returns , '' `` The Invisible Woman , '' `` The Invisible Agent , '' and `` The Invisible Man 's Revenge . '' The good news is the disc only locked up once . Double sided discs must be handled as if they are rare coins . `` The Invisible Woman '' is a rather witty B comedy and is sharp and clear . However , `` The Invisible Agent '' is a World War II melodrama featuring a cavalier loose cannon of an agent who endangers his coherts with his stupidity . The trailer , however , is quite entertaining ! `` The Invisible Man Returns '' is a bit tedious , but the picture is clear . `` The Invisible Man 's Revenge '' features a case of unsympathetic characters , a mad scientist , and a demon dog . Even the hero has no qualms marrying stolen money . However , this is a great package for the money ! Even in the clinkers , we see old studio actor friends . `` The Invisible Man '' and `` The Invisible Woman '' are best of all and the balance is an interesting bonus . Collect them all !
 The Invisible Man is a great flim ! It stars Claude Rains as thne invisible one , Griffin . And during the end of the middle his partner calls the police while his is staying in his house . Then Griffin promised to kill him the next day at 10:00 p.m. And that is a PROMISE ! I wont say anything more . People would say why would he go mad ? He only turned invisible but during the movie it says in the chemicals he uses there is a drug and mixed with the other chemicals it abvously creates invisibility . But the drug can hurt people drive them a little mad . This happens to Griffin . This was found by anciet times when they used this drug and the other assitiant points out thats why they have not used it since . This movie has an ending that makes you say how was there two sequels to The Invisible Man unless the invisible man is not Griffin or there was a miricle but otherwise this movie is TERRIFIC . So I highly reccomend this movie to anyone who spots a good eye on it . So may I end this review in : This Movie Was Terrific
 For those of you who have read my reviews , you may ask why a hard core English Major who sticks to Marlowe , Shakespeare , Milton , Hawthorne , and Dickens finds this old horror movie so important . I am glad to answer this . In this modern movie world of special effects and gore , I feel the true meaning of horror has been lost . This movie is an obvious example of the true meaning of horror . Rains ' character was a good and decent man who could not stay behind the line of ` this far and no further . ' -LRB- Resembles Marlowe 's techniques . -RRB- He crossed the line and made himself invisible and was unable to reverse the formula . -LRB- This passes plausibility , but with all of this film 's merits , it is easy to overlook . -RRB- For a while Rains actually has fun with his power , and the events are very comical . -LRB- Not unlike Marlowe 's Dr. Faustus . -RRB- However , the invisibility is NOT what presents us with horror . What DOES fill us with horror is the degeneration of this good and decent man into a psychotic killer obsessed with power . His former friend Kemp turns into an enemy -LRB- and we can scarcely blame him -RRB- . Even Rains ' former employer -LRB- who wants to help him -RRB- is expressed by Rains as having ` the mind of a tapeworm . ' Eventually , Rains ' character goes on a mindless and random killing spree . So Rains has gone from being an intelligent decent man , to a prankster , to one who alienates his friends , to one who rebukes people who want to help him , to killing randomly and mindlessly . The effects are simple and do not overshadow the true horror of this . I tip my hat to Claude Rains for displaying one of the most frightening things so well . -LRB- The gradual degeneration of a human being . -RRB-
 One of the most curious things about this otherwise memorable DVD package is the fact that it offers little information on Gloria Stuart -- and nothing at all in the way of a personal interview . Given that Stuart is the only cast member still alive , this seems a terrible oversight . It is only when one discovers that there was no love lost between Claude Rains and Gloria Stuart that the reasoning becomes apparent
 Okay , this review is for the MOVIE - not the version you are looking at.This movie - along with Frankenstein , Dracula , and the Wolf Man - established Universal as THE horror movie company of the world . These are all ADAPTATIONS of the original story , and because of that , they serve cinimatic needs , rather than literary . If you 're wanting the novel , either read that or watch a later treatment . -LRB- And there are several . -RRB- Claude Raines is the haunted/hunted man in this version , and I will tell you from the very beginning , the special effect of him unraveling his bandages and revealing NOTHING is - even in this day of supra-CGI special effects - nothing short of spectacular and spine-chillingly real . -LRB- Imagine the effect on a 1930 's audience , who had never seen such a thing , and you begin to appreciate the cinematic horror this movie engenders , even to this day . -RRB- Universal spent a lot of money making this picture , and the product delivers quite well . The wonderful thing about this movie is that even though H.G. Wells wrote a much longer story , the movie captures the essence perfectly , and delivers you into the world where a man has actually made himself invisible , and the necessary fall-out that accompanied it.Would you suppose a man having made himself invisible would not only turn to crime , but also to murder ? It is the realization of what he has become that drives him over the edge - perfectly rendered by Claude Raines in his performance.A TRUE horror classic . Exception for its day , and up to the present .
 Among classic horror movies , `` The Invisible Man '' has never really loomed as large as Dracula , Frankenstein or the Wolf-Man . However , this classic adaptation of H.G. Wells ' sci-fi novel is still a pretty entertaining affair , with an increasingly crazed Claude Rains chewing the scenery with invisible teeth . I just wish they had n't added a token love interest.A strange man -LRB- Rains -RRB- arrives at a hotel in Iping , wrapped up in goggles , bandages , scarves , and heavy clothes . He spends most of his time hidden away in his room , doing odd scientific experiments -- but after a fight with his landlord , he reveals that he is actually invisible . Up next
 When it comes to The Invisible Man , I definitely prefer the book . However , it was the film , and the documentary on this DVD about the film , that made me decide to read the book . When comparing the two , I feel that H.G. Wells created a very developed story , including an extended background on Griffin . I ca n't recall anywhere where there was any dialogue used from the book , after having read it . They might have used a few exact words , but in general , they basically summarized the story and gave Dr. Griffin a girlfriend . A lot of what I feel James Whale did , as is shown in the documentary on the DVD , is that he partially tried to redo Frankenstein , except better.The special features are major . It includes all of the sequel films and a half-hour documentary about the original film . I personally watch the documentary a lot more than I watch the actual movie , but part of that is due to the fact that it 's also shorter . It includes a history of James Whale 's life and Claude Rains , including a moment where he took his daughter to see the film . It comments on several of the different screenplays that had been written before it was remembered that H.G. Wells would have to approve the screenplay . It ends talking about the sequel films.When looking at the sequels , I personally prefer The Invisible Man Returns over The Invisible Man for a couple of reasons . The first reason is that The Invisible Man took a perfectly good story , and changed it into something that although it kept the basic story and was given H.G. Wells ' approval , it still made several major changes . With The Invisible Man Returns , there is n't a book to compare it to , and because it was made up as the film , they were able to do more with the love interest of this film . Another major part is that I love Vincent Price 's performance in it . I 'm just not that big a fan of Claude Rains although I do have to mention that he did a great job with it , it 's just not to my personal taste . When I read the book , I actually pictured Vincent Price 's performance in my mind as Griffin.The Invisible Woman is the complete opposite of The Invisible Man and The Invisible Man Returns . Those two films are primarily dramas -LRB- more with The Invisible Man Returns than the original version which has several humorous moments -RRB- , when The Invisible Woman is a comedy . The Invisible Woman includes John Barrymore , the grandfather of Drew Barrymore , as a scientist who has developed an invisibility potion , and Margaret Hamilton , known for portraying the wicked witch of the west in The Wizard of Oz , as his assistant . The film is about a scientist who has done experiments with making people invisible and needs a human guinea pig , and when it turns out to be a woman , that 's when the comedy truly begins.Invisible Agent has probably the best special effects , and replaced the bandages and sunglasses with a towel , sunglasses , and cold cream . The scene where he puts the cream on his face is very impressive , and the special effects were very innovative for the time . I feel that although you can actually see his facial shape and his mouth move , that also gets rid of the fact that Claude Rains and Vincent Price used specifically their voices . The film itself , in my personal opinion , in no way can compare to The Invisible Man , The Invisible Man Returns , or The Invisible Woman , and I mainly just watch the scene where he 's putting cream on his face.The Invisible Man 's Revenge was , in my personal opinion , a disaster . While the previous sequels , except for The Invisible Woman , at least used the first movie as having been where the invisibility potion was invented , they use the name , Griffin , yet they make it about a completely different person , and even more than that , he 's not even the one who has developed the potion . He 's a human guinea pig , who unknown to the scientist also happens to be a murderer . In all honesty , I 've only watched this film once , as of writing this review . When thinking about the film , it does n't seem to be that bad , and the special effects are far better than the original , until the end.I highly recommend the entire boxed set , and say that you are definitely getting what you pay for if you do although my film-by-film review might somewhat say otherwise .
 Claude Raines is brilliant as Griffin , in James Whale 's Invisible Man . This movie has a brisk pace and a dark humor that was decades ahead of it 's time . One of the best films ever made .
 Excellent movie . If you are a collector as I am , then this movie is a must have . I have all the Legacy collection movies and find them quite enjoyable but I like this one best . Claude Rains is great . So I would suggest that this movie should be added to anyone 's collection , it 's well worth the effort to aquire .
 By 1933 , special effects in movies had really taken hold , and new bounds were being pushed to see just how far film makers could go in creating movie magic . Universal 's foray into this new realm came in the form of H.G. Wells ' The Invisible Man . After Frankenstein had become a worldwide phenomenon James Whale was given nearly untouchable status at Universal , with complete autonomy over any project he wanted . Universal had wanted a sequel to Frankenstein , but Whale was uninterested , as he did not like sequels . So , he suggested The Invisible Man , in order to draw the studio 's attention away from the Frankenstein sequel . The studio went through countless rewrites and writers , before it was realized the H.G. Wells had final cut approval , so his story was restored , with a few changes for dramatic purposes.Dr . Jack Griffin , played by Claude Rains , in his American film debut , had turned himself invisible with a drug called monocaine , before the film began . The movie opens with Griffin , covered in bandages , arriving at the Lion 's Head Inn , in the small town of Iping , England . He demands a room and a fire , even though there are none ready , as it is the middle of winter , and off season . Jenny Hall , the innkeeper 's wife , played by Una O'Connor , prepares a room for him , and brings him some supper . When she returns with the mustard that she 'd forgotten , Dr. Griffin had removed the bandages covering his mouth , and she sees that his chin is missing , before he covers up . She joins her husband Herbert , played by Forrester Harvey , and the villagers downstairs , who are all gossiping on who the mysterious bandaged man is . For weeks , Dr. Griffin 's fiance Flora , played by Gloria Stuart , best known today as Old Rose , from Titanic , worries about what has become of him . She begs her father , and Dr. Griffin 's boss , Dr. Cranley , played by Henry Travers , to tell her where he is , but even he does not know . Dr. Griffin 's colleague , Dr. Arthur Kemp , played by William Harrigan is upset at Dr. Griffin 's treatment of himself and the Cranley 's , particularly Flora , whom he is also in love with , though she does not return his feelings.In Iping , Dr. Griffin has been working tirelessly to find the cure for his invisibility , with no success . His madness growing by the day , he knocks a lunch tray out of Jenny 's hands and shouts at her , when she interrupts his work , and she gives her husband an ultimatum
 I enjoyed this classic movie even when i was child.Now when i got a chance to own it.i am truely grateful
 Been looking for this for awhile and finally got it . A great movie in the tradition of Frankensteing , The Wolfman , and Dracula .
 ... yells the paperboy . After the paperboy 's headline announcement , the Japanese agent reiterates for the naive Nazi agent , saying it 's `` An incident of great national importance . '' This is how `` Invisible Agent , '' just one of the movies in this quality set , begins . This time Frank Griffin 's grandson is involved with Nazis and their Japanese allies . Watch it to see the stellar supporting cast
 Terrific movie . Considering the year this film was made I was most impressed by the special effects . They must have been cutting edge at the time . Claude Rains is quite commanding . At first viewing I was n't as impressed as some others with his voice , but then when I took into consideration how `` tinny '' sound recording could be back in the 1930 's I realized just how powerful he sounded . I have found myself watching this one more than the others in the Legacy Collection even though the Creature From The Black Lagoon remains my favorite .
 When I bought THE MUMMY and CREATURE FROM THE BLACK LAGOON at Newbury Comics , I noticed this one next to them on the shelf and said ; `` I had no idea there were sequels to this movie . Mom , Dad , we have to buy this one too . '' Exact words.THE INVISIBLE MAN -LRB- 1933 -RRB-
 as good as i remembered it from my childhood , i 'm 67 . now i share with my grandsons who also like my kind of movies .
 The Invisible Man -LRB- Universal Studios Classic Monster Collection -RRB- -LRB- 1933 -RRB- was a five star Universal horror movie and is one of my favorites . Claude Rains was wonderful as always in this excellent DVD transfer of one of the best by Universal ! Comes with an excellent special on the making of the film and an interesting commentary by a film historian .
 I grew up on the old films and loved them then and still do ! In this day and age anything can be done ; Buildings falling , Dinosaurs , someone flying , etc. . . but back then they had to use their minds to achieve what can be done today . They found how to do something in the first film and then make it even better in the sequel . its all corny and sometimes you can see the wires , but I just love to look at how they made it come to life . This is a GREAT DVD pack and I enjoy seeing it time after time ...
 I 've ordered and received three of the Legacy Collections
 I actually find Invisable Man and the Invisable Man Returns to be highly entertaining and good movies , Both movies have solid performances by two great actors . A good screenplay to work with , and just enough thrills and cliff hanger endings to keep you hooked on the movie screen and see how it all turns out . The best of the genre .
 The Invisible Man is another gem of a classic horror film , with Claude Rains -LRB- mostly in voice -RRB- as the chemist who devices a method of becoming invisible , but in doing so experiences a power rush and madness that turns him into a ruthless villain . While the film is not very faithful to the novel , it still is quite an enjoyable film just as a horror , as it has effective mood and solid characters -LRB- other than the screaming lady at the inn -RRB- . There are several scenes that really strike me as memorable . The opening scene sets the mood , with Claude Rains ' character journeying in the blustery , bitter cold and interrupting the boisterous , joyful scene inside the inn , as he tromps in with bizarre , other worldly spectacles and get up . Everyone literally stops in their tracks . Another is when the Invisible Man follows fellow chemist Kemp after he 's asked to be protected by the police ; this scene really illustrates the diabolical nature Rains is able to drum up in keeping with character.Rains steals the show , as you really , really hate his character by film 's end . He adds a shockingly unconventional viciousness that surpasses a typical classic villain . He is bizarre , unreasonable , unnerving , power-hungry , and makes everyone around him uncomfortable . Meddling in experiments he should have left alone , he goes beyond the limits of Nature , but , unlike many other villains , it is all for him -LRB- as he proclaims , `` An invisible man can rule the world ! '' -RRB- . He bullies Kemp to help him try to hatch out his master plan , and the police uses a public outcry and manhunt to try to take down the invisible madman . Where the Wolfman and Frankenstein we sympathize with in some regard , Rains ' Invisible Man we do not.If there was one thing I did n't care for -LRB- other than the screaming lady at the inn -RRB- , it was the thrown in love relationship with Flora . It seemed a little forced , and tried to romanticize the film a little too much.The Invisible Man is a classic monster tale , one that sits with many of the other greats .
 The Bottom Line : The best Universal horror picture , for my money , after Bride of Frankenstein , The Invisible Man benefits from special effects whose seams still are n't showing , a wickedly sinister performance by Rains in the lead -LRB- even if we hardly ever see him -RRB- and an intelligence to the screenplay missing in many contemporary horror films ; you 'll probably like it even if this type of film usually is n't your cup of tea .
 Great set of classic films !!! Brought back memories of watching these as a kid , and they are STILL great fun to watch .
 Invisible Man - The Legacy Collection -LRB- The Invisible Man/Invisible Man Returns/Invisible Agent/Invisible Woman/Invisible Man 's Revenge -RRB- This set is excellent , love the old time `` Corny '' horror movies.They are good for us ole timers to watch.None of the `` Blood and Guts '' they put in the current movies.Buy `` The Legacy Collection -LRB- s -RRB- '' , and enjoy
 If you like old classics and series as well , you should get this set . While the first film , The Invisible Man is based off of HG Wells ' novel of the same title , the 4 additional films are bassed off of it . The Invisible Man Returns , The Invisible Agent , and The Invisible Man 's Revenge are a continuation of some of the themes brought forth in the first film . The Invisible Woman lets a lady have a shot at being unseen . This is an excellent value , even not counting the special features .
 Even though we do n't see him till the very last scene , Claude Raines gives probably his best performance . This was by far the best invisible man themed movie that I have seen.There are some really tense parts especially after Raines tells Kemp he is going to kill him . There is also some extremely amusing scenes -LRB- Raines going through the countryside with nothing but a basket and singing a children 's song while scarring all the townfolk .
 It is without a doubt a classic . A great film , but the DVD has a lot of specks and white spots on the print . I know the film was made in 1933 . I just wonder if this was really the best print or if it could have been cleaned up better . Anyway , I 'd still buy it .
 surprisingly dark for the time period . I saw it when I was 5 at the cinema quite a while ago . Because I was so young , I was quite paranoid about an invisible something strangling me for no reason for a few days after I watched it . Fear aside , I thought it to be a very entertaining movie with great special effects ! I know it was not your modern - day , prettyboy Matrix , but not all special effects where like that 67 years ago !
 This adaptation of HG Wells 's novella has everything
 Now I 'm not saying this is better than the book , i 'm just saying that this is how I would have done it ! Griffen -LRB- I know that 's spelled wrong -RRB- has turned himself invisble . So what the big deal ? Well , he ca n't turn back , making him a freak . After a group of people ruined an exsperiment that could have turned him back , he goes crazy and goes on a killing spree . Some of this kills are really disturbing -LRB- like the seen were he kills his so called `` partner '' -RRB- and has just as good as an effect on scarying you then most mordern day horror flicks . Let 's give a bid round of applause to everyone invoulved . This ones a classic .
 This movie is 1 of of the 6 classic monstersi saw it 3 in a half years ago on AMC 'S Monster fest 2000not that bad of a movie i liked it then i kept seeing it pop up on AMC throughout the weeks to come . . its really hit the spot light of Special Effects and even a little bitta humor in the movie i like it and i think every1 should buy the private collection movie of this classic universal SHOCKER
 ` Invisible Man , The ' is one of the most sucessful Universal monster movies of the thirties , along with ` Frankstein ' and ` Dracula ' . A superior adaptation of a H.G. Welles novel , the movie has humour , suspense and a excelent development of the story that made this movie actual for all ages.Claude Rains -LRB- the actor that made ` Phantom of the Opera -RRB- gives life to Jack Griffin , a young scientist that discover a strange formula to turn himself invisible and goes crazy along the process . The movie has some great scenes , like the tricks that Griffin plays with the people of a little village and the persecutions of the police , always confused by the inteligent and unusual invisible enemy . Great special effects for the time makes the movies even more valuable and Rains gives a strong and convincible performance , although all the time ` invisible ' for the public .
 THE INVISIBLE MAN can be an enjoyable movie - particularly if you do n't take it too seriously . By the standards of the early 1930 's the special effects are good enough and the acting by Claude Rains as the invisible man is superb.The story by H.G. Wells about a scientist who develops a method of becoming invisible and then gradually goes insane is unique . Local police who try to capture the invisible man provide much slapstick humor.Gloria Stuart who played the girl friend of the invisible man also acted in REBECCA OF SUNNYBROOK FARM and THE THREE MUSKETEERS in the 1930 's as well as TITANIC and THE LOVE LETTER in the 1990 's . Director James Whale directed FRANKENSTEIN and BRIDE OF FRANKENSTEIN in the 1930 's .
 It was around 1934 when I first heard about this movie . Its debut came the same time as the Depression , therefore I never saw The Invisible Man in the movie theatre . While surfing the web I came across this movie at Amazon.com and to my amazement it was the original movie from 1934 . I had to order it immediately and it quickly arrived at my home.I was very impressed with the movie . It has a good mix of comedy and suspense ; the special effects are very realistic . The movie 's theme is current with today , as it depicts a person who gain power over other people and then uses their powers for unjust purposes.This is a truly a classic/entertaining movie and well worth the money .
 Most people balk at the prospect of sitting down for a 68 year old film . It can sometimes be an academic exercise . Not so with `` The Invisible Man , '' one of the finest Universal fright flicks.I 'll briefly explain why I think this film has held up particularly well
 I like this one more than any other classic frightfest -- more than the first two Frankensteins , Dracula , the Wolf Man , the Mummy , and anything with Shirley Temple , put together ! The only thing more frightening , perhaps , is the phrase `` See more about me '' that accompanies some of the more pompous opinions in this site . Anyway , check out this movie . Not so much scary as creepy , and also very funny .
 Another masterpiece from James Whale , the director of Frankenstein , Bride of Frankenstein and The Old Dark House . Where the later Invisible Man sequels from Universal got campier , sillier and less scary with each film , this first film adaptation of H.G. Wells classic sci-fi story exploits all the fright value possible out of the character and the setting ; the story is set in an English village during a blustery , snowy winter spell , and Whale gets surprisingly good atmosphere out of the surroundings . The characters , even the minor supporting cast , are colorful and delightfully ` off-center ' ; this was another of Whale 's trademarks . Although the special effects are dated by today 's standards , the sight of the Invisible Man -LRB- ? I ca n't think of how else to put it ... -RRB- as executed by Whale is still spooky enough to pack a punch , as helped by a masterful performance by Claude Rains , whose wacky insane laugh and gravelly intimidating voice are the only tools needed to pull of the characterization of the transparent , doomed Dr. Griffin . The rest of the cast is adequate , but for the most part does not have a lot of familiar faces for the casual fan ; probably the most recognizable name aside from Rains is Gloria Stuart , who 60-some years later won a Supporting Actress Nomination for `` Titanic '' . All in all a good spook fest with ocassional lulls , but some great memorable scenes that make up for it . A Classic of it 's genre .
 This is a solid classic that stands alongside Dracula and Frankenstein as Universal 's best horror films . Claude Reins , unseen until the end , is a scientist who has expierimented with chemicals and managed to turn himself invisible and go off in the head at the same time . Reins flees the people who know him and sets up his lab in a small town . While trying to discover a solution he is discovered and he proceeds to disrobe and take off to start a reign of terror and it is up to the polic to find a way to stop him . The special effects are fantastic for the time and the quality of this film is better than ever . Good supprting cast except Gloria Stewert is very weak in her part as the invisible man 's girlfriend . The bits of humor in this film are very well done . My only complaints are that the ending is a little hurried and I wish the new release had the original trailer like a lot of the other Universal releases , but other than that this is a great film that has not diminished with age .
 Claude Rains . The man . The myth . The legend . You can not talk about this film , whether in conversation or in any review , without placing this actor on the tip of your tongue . He is the epitome of the madness that surrounded the power-hungry Invisible Man . In this day of modern cinematic wonder , most full-fledged actors would want their faces to be in front of the camera , showcasing the entire film . Directors would want this fledgling star to promote their film , get kiddies interested in spending their money , and for financiers to see the profits of their contributions . Let 's face it , if Brad Pitt is in a movie , typically most audience members are actually going to `` see '' Brad Pitt . Thankfully , we have directors like James Whale and his interpretation of H.G.Wells ' classic The Invisible Man . Whale took a powerful story , expanded it , breathed life into it , and followed up with quite possibly one of the most sinister villains in movie horror history since Hannibal Lector . He is crude , he is heartless , and he wants nothing more than world domination ... he is Claude Rains ... and yet , until the end of the film , we never see the white 's of his eyes.There are several reasons why I just fell in love with this film , outside of the cataclysmic performance of Claude Rains . Ohhhh , Claude Rains . I loved the way that this movie was filmed . I loved the scope of the Invisible Man 's terror . Whale could have kept his antagonist to committing just single murders of friends and family , he could of just kept it confined to just one single town , he could have kept our focus directly on the turmoil of Rains , but instead , he decided -LRB- amazingly ! -RRB- to open the entire can of worms with success . When I first began this film I was expecting the classic images of angry villagers with pitchforks storming the house that the Invisible Man lived within , but instead , Whale gave us this sort of random chaos that truly created fear around this character . Whale is able to give us the true terror of this madman by perhaps expanding his budget and showing us how big the terror of the Invisible Man is . For example , I never foresaw the horrific train accident , nor the random worker push off the mountain , and when Rains explained to Kemp what the human impact of falling down a ravine would be like , it literally sent shivers down my spine . Whale created a madman better than some modern horror films could ever accomplish.For a film created in the 1930s , the special effects were spectacular . Sure , CGI was just a glimmer in Lucas ' mother 's eyes , but James Whale did a superb job of giving us these rare glimpses into the future of special effects . The way that he created the Invisible Man surprised me . I did not expect to ever see the creature without his bandages on , but within ten minutes we are shown the full scope of Whale 's creativity . I thought the use of snow , dust , and even the early stages of the overused `` green screen '' was original for its time . To see Rains smoke as the Invisible Man put a smile on my face . This is a perfect example of a film that used just enough special effects , in the right way , to make the audience forget for a brief time that this was in fact a film ... not real life . While the special effects did have one or two flaws -LRB- see the Invisible Man riding the stolen bike - were those wires ? -RRB- , I must credit Whale for pushing the envelope for the time . It was surprising to see such quality from such an older film.If there would be anything that I would change about this film would be the subtext concerning the relationship between Rains and Flora -LRB- played by Titanic star Gloria Stuart -RRB- . I thought this was nearly unnecessary . I understand the value of trying to give a human element to this monster , but I thought that it could have been done without these random scenes . There was n't really any connection between the two , and we were left with very little information of them prior to the start of the film . Perhaps if there had been a stronger pre-story it would have congealed better . The same can be said for the chemistry and reasonings for the plot points surrounding Rains and Kemp . I could understand why they occurred during the film , but there had to be something more prior to the opening scene . I wanted to know more . I think that is a good sign for a film , when you are left wondering what was the story before this one ... and even what was it afterwards.Overall , I thought this was an exceptional film . I now have this newfound respect for Claude Rains , a man I knew nothing about prior to watching this film . He carried this film and honestly successfully pulled off one of the most frightening madmen this world has ever seen . I think what scared me the most about him was the fact that he actually , unlike some villains , actually followed through with his vile plans . He was evil , whether the invisibility did it or not , he was pure evil , and I loved every minute of it . The special effects were delightful , with a small subplot that this picture could have gone without . Amazing , and a perfect treat before Halloween!Grade
 I would argue that nowhere in the history of the movies has there been an odder movie debut than that of the great Claude Rains in The Invisible Man . He is seen only briefly in the final scene and the vast majority of his '' appearance '' in this effective adaptation of Wells is a voice only one . The movie opens with a scientist , Jim Griffin , -LRB- Rains -RRB- arriving at a remote English village inn , during a snowstorm . He is heavily swathed in bandages and buried beneath many layers of heavy winter clothing and so we catch not a glimpse of his face or features . He takes a room at the inn , brusquely demanding privacy . His manner so alienates the landlady that he is asked to leave and the police called in . It is then he reveals his secret - he is invisible when removing his clothing , and has been frantically but futilely searching for an antidoteHe has been experimenting in invisibilty using a drug called `` monocaine '' which does render him invisible but it also makes him unstable and sends him teetering over the edge into full blown madness . He returns to London and makes contact with a former colleague Doctor Kemp and terrorises him into compliance with his insane scheme to turn his powers of invisibility into world domination but Kemp advises the police and Griffin flees with the forces of the law hot on his trailThere is some wonderful dialogue here as for example Rains ruminating on carrying out his plans '' We 'll start with a few murders . Small men . Great men . Just to show we make no distinction '' . The inconvenience of invisibility is deftly touched on - its hard to walk downstairs when you can not see your feet . Indeed , in its depiction of the pains and perils of being different this is a companion piece to the same director 's movie Frankenstein . Full of memorable scecenes - the first removal of the bandages to reveal nothing lies beneath them ; the final scenes as the police close in on Griffin , this is a classic that has mostly worn well.The scenes with the villagers - especially the permanently screeching Una O'Connor as the landlady - are tiresome but represent a minor blot on the escutcheon of an exceptional and humane movie
 Though this marvelous film was made 70 years ago , it holds up beautifully today . The primary reason is the riveting performance by Claude Rains , who is seen on screen full face for only a few seconds at the conclusion of the piece . His voice virtually carries the picture and his performance is dynamic , comic and quite masterful . In contrast , the weakness of the film are the supporting players , with the exception of those in the British tavern.Gloria Stuart , recently `` re-discovered '' in her role as the elderly Rose in Cameron 's `` Titanic , '' is singularly awful in her role as the Invisible Man 's -LRB- Jack 's -RRB- girlfriend . Though beautiful , she overacts and puts on a childish display in every scene . She adds virtually nothing to the narrative except a pretty face . William Harrigan plays Jack 's partner and reluctant accomplice and he is also dreadful and theatrical . Henry Travers is excellent and pay special attention to catch an uncredited Walter Brennan in a brief speaking role in the tavern.The script is excellent and provides many hilarious moments . The special effects are similarly good and leagues ahead of their time . Though a trifle awkward in spots , one must remember this is 1933 and the effects must have stunned and delighted audiences of that era . This is a must-see classic movie , made memorable by the riveting concept and a seering performance by Claude Rains .
 The movie starts on a snowy night with a man , bandages around his head , a fake looking nose and dark glasses , looking for a place to stay . The film has the expressive voice of Claude Rains who is driven mad by the side effects of the invisibility drug . After killing a policeman , he becomes a hunted man . -LRB- I learned from one of the extras on the DVD that Boris Karloff was originally offered the role . -RRB- The effects are impressive -LRB- explained in the extras -RRB- where Rains removes his glasses to reveal nothing at all . The film offers plenty of humor e.g. , shirt dancing around and a pair of pants chasing a woman down the road .
 This one ranks up there with Frankenstein , Dracula , and the rest of the gang of monsters . Claude Rains does an out standing job as the Invisible one.A good supporting cast and good , even for today , special effects a must for all .
 In one of the most unusual film debuts of any actor -LRB- because the character is seen only briefly in the end -RRB- , Claude Rains was obviously chosen for his impeccable speaking voice . Filmed in 1933 , this is a macabre horror/comedy which has a resemblance to `` Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde '' . The invisibility was achieved by dressing a stuntman in black velvet and then removing the bancdages and clothes against ablack velvet background ; Rains ' appearance at the end , his head seemingly coming out of nowhere as he lays dying , was accomplished through elaborate stop motion .
 Although it is not as popular , i believe it is just as good as Drac 'n Frank , because there is a little bit of action mixed in i.e. the train wreck , the barn burning , which it 's rivals have n't .
 The viewer from San Pedro is right . Over all those years , this film has held up and still fascinates . Not only is it based on a story by the great H.G. Wells , but it very nicely brings out the other meaning of being `` invisible '' -- not knowing the nature and power of your `` hidden '' self .
 I received this legacy set for Christmas , and I love it ! The films play perfectly and the picture quality is outstanding . A must get for any Universal Horror fan , or Invisible Man fans !!
 It is wonderful to get the old classics on DVD , as a fan of old movies , i am so happy that quality DVD 's are available .
 THE INVISIBLE MAN - Claude Rains is awesome as the man whose invisibility serum slowly rots his brain . Hunted by police , he sets out to cure himself and get revenge on the man who betrayed him . Excellent stuff ! Check out the running pair of pants scene ! THE INVISIBLE MAN RETURNS - has Vincent Price as a man on death row , framed for a murder he did not commit . He gets some help in the form of the invisibilty serum and simply walks out of prison ! Can he prove his innocense and find the real killer before te serum drives him mad ? Great sequel ! THE INVISIBLE WOMAN - This one is strictly for laughs . A scientist -LRB- John Barrymore -RRB- invents an invisibility machine with his assistant -LRB- Margaret `` Wicked Witch Of The West '' Hamilton -RRB- . A young woman volunteers to be turned invisible and the slapstick begins . A gang of thugs wants the machine for obvious criminal reasons . The gang even includes a stooge -LRB- Shemp Howard -RRB- ! Worth a look . THE INVISIBLE AGENT - Jon Hall is the title character , dropped behind enemy lines during WW II . Can he foil the nefarious plans of the nazis ? Sir Cedrick Hardwicke is head of the gestapo and Peter Lorre is an evil japanese spy . Not bad at all ! INVISIBLE MAN 'S REVENGE - Jon Hall is back as the invisible man . This time out , cheated and betrayed by old `` friends '' , he seeks vengeance at all cost . He encounters a scientist -LRB- John Carradine -RRB- who has been turning animals invisible with his secret serum , and you can guess the result ! Very good ! This collection is yet another goldmine from universal 's creaky vaults ! Add it to your monster list ...
 Between directing the original `` Frankenstein '' in 1931 and his masterpiece `` Bride of Frankenstein '' in 1935 , James Whale put out a little gem called `` The Invisible Man '' in 1933 . In some ways I rate `` The Invisible Man '' above `` Frankenstein . '' For one thing `` The Invisible Man '' has a great musical score which heightens the drama in many scenes and helps to speed the pace of the film . The original `` Frankenstein '' had no musical score -LRB- strange one was never added for re-release as it would have improved an already great film tremendously -RRB- as musical scores were n't commonplace until a few years later . I also think that Whale had developed greatly as a director between 1931 and 1933 . `` Frankenstein '' has many scenes that seem to be stagey and lack the finesse of Whale 's later films.In many ways `` The Invisible Man '' is Universal 's most horrific horror film of the 1930s . Dracula was a vampire who killed to sustain his own existence , Frankenstein 's Monster was a misunderstood and sympathetic creature who killed out of fear or anger , while The Invisible Man is a man driven mad by an illicit drug who kills out of shear pleasure . He commits mass murder during the film on a scale much greater than any other Universal picture . We also have to remember he is at his core a man not a monster.Claude Rains gives a magnificent performance , in his US film debut , in the title role . Rains , who 's face was only seen on screen briefly at the end of the film , had a deep distinctive voice which was perfect for a role that was more about voice than body . This role was the start of a long and very successful film career for Rains who played costarring and supporting roles in classic films from the 1930s through the 1960s . Also in the cast are Henry Travers , Gloria Stuart and Una O'Connor . Travers was a talented character actor who may be most recognized to film fans as Clarence the inept angel in the holiday classic `` It 's A Wonderful Life . '' Stuart , who as a starlet in the 30s appeared in dozens of films before retiring from the screen , had a career resurrection in recent years when she was cast as `` old Rose '' in the mega-hit `` Titanic . '' O'Connor , supplying comic relief as a busybody inn keeper 's wife , played numerous supporting roles in Hollywood 's golden age including a the role of Minnie in Whale 's `` Bride of Frankenstein . `` Of course , by 21st century standards `` The Invisible Man '' is antiquated . The special effects , undoubtedly cutting edge for their time , are not very impressive in the age of computer technology . Having said that , I must admit this film is still entertaining and exciting to watch . The performances , especially Claude Rains , still hold up and the direction by Whale remains spot on . If you sit back and imagine yourself as a moviegoer in the 1930s , having never seen special effects like this before , it 's easy to see how stunning this film must have been to audiences more than 70 years ago.The $ 20 price tag is well worth it just to own `` The Invisible Man '' but in this Legacy Collection you also receive ALL of the Universal `` Invisible '' films -LRB- minus `` Abbot & Costello Meet The Invisible Man '' -RRB- . It could be argued that `` The Invisible Man Returns '' and `` The Invisible Man 's Revenge '' are the only true sequels as they follow the adventures of Jack Griffin 's -LRB- Claude Rains ' character in the original -RRB- brother . '' ... Returns '' is distinguished by Vincent Price in the title role . These two films are pleasant B-movie efforts by Universal and part of the second horror cycle of the 1940s . `` The Invisible Woman '' is more comedy than horror and features John Barrymore in the twilight of his career . `` The Invisible Agent '' was a wartime adventure featuring Universal 's top action hero of the 40s , Jon Hall , using invisibility to fight Nazis.Having added The Invisible Man , The Mummy and The Creature to its series of Legacy Collections , I sincerely hope Universal continues with the balance of its horror titles of the 30s and 40s . I hope to see a release of the films that teamed Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi -LRB- `` The Black Cat , '' `` The Raven , '' `` The Invisible Ray , '' and `` Black Friday '' -RRB- , a release of the Inner Sanctum series starring Lon Chaney and a set with all the one-off horror films -LRB- `` Murders in the Rue Morgue , '' the 1943 `` Phantom of the Opera , '' `` Man-Made Monster , '' `` The Mad Ghoul , '' etc. -RRB- of Universal 's Golden Age .
 The movie Van Helsing may have been pretty awful , but it did do one good thing in giving Universal a reason to release a lot of its old monster movies . The Invisible Man boxed set is the second best in the bunch , behind only Frankenstein but ahead of Dracula , the Wolf Man and the Mummy . -LRB- I have not viewed the Creature boxed set -RRB- . The strength in this set is due to two things
 The sole purpose of this review is to compare `` The Invisible Man '' in this collection to the older DVD release.EXCELLENT . Dramatic improvement - much better contrast and detail . It appears that a different source print was used , and it 's much better than that which was used for the older DVD . This is unquestionably worth the upgrade , regardless of all the added benefits.You can view screen capture comparisons on my website .
 OK , it 's no secret to monster fans that 1 -RRB- the Invisible Man never reached the pinnacle of popularity -LRB- alliteration unintended -RRB- of Dracula , Frankenstein or the Mummy and 2 -RRB- That the title film far outdistances this set 's other offerings as far as acting , plot , etc. . Still , make this set a must-own for yourself . The Invisible Man alone is worth the price of admission . The special effects are still VERY cool , 70 years after the fact . They had to have been the absolute pinnacle of cutting edge back then , and , unbelieveably , look real enough today to remain convincing . But beyond that , Rains ' acting , the character actors , Whale 's touches , the camera work , all combine to make for an excellent , entertaining film . The others are , again , not nearly as good -LRB- though it 's interesting to see -- or hear -- a young Vincent Price in Return , and Woman has its moments -RRB- , but still a lot of fun to watch . The new material is interesting , but could 've gone into a little more depth . Still , you wo n't regret buying this .
 Jack Griffin is a brilliant scientist who has some ideas that his peers think dangerous and unethical . Not one to be dissuaded , Griffin successfully experiments on himself , becoming the first human to be rendered invisible . Unfortunately , prolonged invisibility -- or possibly the invisibility drug itself , as his peers had warned -- begins to deteriorate Griffin 's mind , and he soon becomes a power-hungry killer bent on revenge.Though rarely seen in the film due to the special effects and costuming demanded by the part , Claude Rains does a dynamic job in the role of Jack Griffin . His gravelly voice and vocal histrionics serve perfectly in delivering to the audience Griffin 's descent into emotional hell . And James Whale 's direction is as brilliant as ever , creating the appropriate mood and atmosphere as we follow a madman 's ravaging of the English countryside.One of only four Horror films directed by James Whale for Universal , THE INVISIBLE MAN is a work that some historians and critics regard as a veiled allegory of the director 's own publically covert homosexuality . While FRANKENSTEIN and BRIDE OF FRANKENSTEIN also depict societal outcasts in a sympathetic light , the eponymous character in THE INVISIBLE MAN is a character in a situation that is most like Whale 's own -- a respected genius in the public eye , but a person whose true self must remain invisible.Even if you do n't buy that particular historical perspective , THE INVISIBLE MAN still works as an allegory of any societal pariah . We all have traits that we sometimes hide from others ; we all have masks that we wear . And at the times when we dwell on the things we keep hidden behind those masks , we may feel just a little `` invisible '' to others . So in watching THE INVISIBLE MAN , Jack Griffin becomes a metaphor for our own private identities , and we care about what happens to him . As with many of Whale 's films , this pathos for the protagonist becomes a skeleton on which hangs the overall plot.Compared to contemporary movies , the special effects in this film might seem a little dated . But the script is good , the directing is great , and the acting is superb . Anyone who enjoyes a well-crafted movie certainly wo n't be disappointed .
 The opening scene of `` The Invisible Man , '' is visually stunning . The moment when Rains brushes the snow off the sign to when he opens the Inn door is burned in my mind forever . The coat , googles and bandages create a great retro style .
 This review refers to `` The Invisible Man '' -LRB- 1933 -RRB- from the Universal Classic Monster Collection editions ... Not too many years before this `` talkie '' was made , movie stars had to convey the essence of the story , with body langauge , without words , as it was the era of the silent film . In this film , the star would act with only his words , his voice , to convey this frightening character , as he was ... well ... invisible through 99 % of the film . So who better then a stage actor , one with a voice that gets our attention , to better portray `` The Invisible Man '' . The man with the voice and no body ... the very distinguished Claude Rains -LRB- making his film debut -RRB- . A voice that brought the brillant but megalomanical Dr. Griffen to life . Sometimes wrapped up in bandages , sometimes just a shirt , dancing around and taunting his victims , other times completely invisible , Rains is wonderful at scaring up a good time with this film . Not able to find a cure for himself , he goes insane and leaves a number of dead bodies in his wake.So just how do you go about catching an invisible killer ? Director James Whale -LRB- `` Frankenstein '' -RRB- makes the hunt fun . He includes great character actors like Una O'Connor who adds great comic relief as she runs around doing some great screams.Even the police are humorous in their efforts to thwart the invisible one as he outfoxes them at nearly every turn . Other wonderful actors of the era included in the great cast are , Gloria Stuart -LRB- now famous again as the old Rose in James Cameron 's `` Titanic '' -RRB- , and Henry Travers -LRB- `` Clarence , the angel from `` It 's A Wonderful Life '' -RRB- . The screenplay based on H.G Wells ' novel was given a fabulous treatment by R.C. Sherriff.And just how does `` The Invisible Man '' LOOK on DVD ? ... He Looks fabulous ! The film itself has quite a bit of scratches , but the picture is clear , the black and white images , sharp and bright , and the sound in Dolby Dig -LRB- 2.0 mono -RRB- is great . All dialouge is crisp and clear in this 70 year old film . The DVD includes the very entertaining and insightful featurette , `` Now You See Him
 James Whale 's interpretation of the HG Wells book is abrilliant piece of cinema . The effects are , considering the time , anastonishing achievement that really help make this movie work . This is Claude Rains film debut and while we only see his face for a few minutes , he manages to create a powerful impression as the sympathetic mad scientist . Of the Universal horror collection , this can only be matched by Whales ' `` Bride of Frankenstein '' in terms of acting , direction , plot , and using special effects effectively . While it should have been one of the first Universal horror DVDs , let 's be thankful this gem is finally available . END
 I highly recommend that legacy boxset of old Universal horror films.So much fun to look at , a commentary audio with plenty of details.The only thing I really do n't like is that there is no subtitles for the commentary audio and if you do n't speak english perfectly -LRB- which I 'm not -RRB- , you miss a lot . I live in France and would like to see french subtitles . They could have at least put english subtitles.Not everybody speak english !! And do n't forget deaf and hearing impaired people.Except of this particular point , again buy without hesitation . Video has been remastered , high quality , worth every $ $ $ : -RRB-
 This is a great gem from the period . This movie stands all on its own and is one of the best of the 30 's . I also love the Lady Inn keeper as she adds a bit of comic to the movie . A must for your collection !
 For those who enjoy classic monster movies , this series will delight and amaze you . The special effects , particularly in the original movie , were incredible for the time , and easily contribute to the staying power of The Invisible Man . Claude Rains performance , especially , is incredible and easily overshadows any other performance in the sequels.For those like me , however , who were hoping for the extras to detail the processes that went into making the movies , be prepared for a possible disappointment . They seem to concentrate more on the life of James Whale and the fact that he was a homosexual -LRB- and how noble that made him -RRB- in Hollywood at the time then they do in speaking about the films and what went into making them . I dont really see what the man 's sexual orientation had to do with it ; had it been a biography of him , I could understand.All in all , a good collection !
 Claude Rains stars as Doctor Jack Griffin , a brilliant chemist who is driven mad by an experimental serum that has turned him into THE INVISIBLE MAN ! Director James Whale unwraps H.G.Wells ' classic novel in the 1933 film following his successes with FRANKENSTEIN and THE OLD DARK HOUSE . For a character that never shows his face , Rains has an immense screen presence that exudes through his many coverings . His bandaged face , fake nose , and sunglasses give him a distinct look despite being completely unseen . It is not a tragic accident or twist of fate that transforms Griffin into his alter ego , but rather his own arrogant narcissism . The result is that he becomes a ruthless murderer that is more of a monster than Dracula and The Wolf Man combined ! THE INVISIBLE MAN introduces some of the earliest forms of chroma key compositing , a groundbreaking technique that allowed Rains to be removed from the frame in place of a matte background . Like in FRANKENSTEIN , Whale explores the danger of man 's trespasses against nature , and the frightening results . THE INVISIBLE MAN is every bit the classic that it has been made out to be thanks to an all-star performance by Claude Rains and the inventive special effects ! - Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 The Universal Pictures horror film that put Universal Pictures back in black during the worse years of the Great Depression.The comedy was fun without being slapstick silly -LRB- as in later sequels -RRB- ; the characters actors were great in conveying mood ; and the megalomaniac vocal abilities of Claude Rains was fantastic . I picked up the Classic Monster Collection -LRB- 1990 -RRB- and it kept much of the original film 's dusty , poppy stuff that you usually see in old Black & White films.The DVD goes over the whole effects process of making a man invisible , expertly done by James Fulton.James Whale , the man who directed Frankenstein and Dracula , took the H.G. Wells novel and its adaptation was near perfect , even approved by Wells himself.The opening scene at the bar , the mad scientist who has achieved invisibility needs to find a place of quiet , working on an antidote . And as he works on it , he gets the idea that the chemicals have cleared his brain to where he can cause panic in the streets , kill a few people , great or small , cause a train wreck or so , and have the world grovel at his feet . Ya Ha Ha Ha Ha !! Oops!As in Frankenstein , Whale has the worried fiance , the secluded mad scientist , the `` other guy '' who wants the fiance for himself and a desire to be famous.After much police hyjinx , a bit of it slapstick and silly , the burning of a barn and a well-placed bullet puts an end to the mad scientist 's invisibility and his formula.John Carradine makes a brief appearance talking to police on a telephone . Henry Travers as the father of the fiance , who was later seen as Clarence the Angel in Its ' a Wonderful Life . Gloria Stuart is the well-made-up fiance , Flora . Interestingly she gave up acting only to pick it up again in the 1980s . She was the old woman who was the last survivor in Cameron 's Titanic.So many facts and figures , great `` making of '' and a bit of a drawn-out commentary track by film historian Rudy Behlmer.Great DVD , though I 'm sure the newest Universal Legacy edition recently out is much better .
 The Invisible Man is an excellent movie with great speical effects . Do not buy The Classic Monsters Collection version rather spring an extra few bucks for The Universal Legacy Collection . Why ? I just bought a big screen tv and this dvd looks horrible on it . Alot of crackles and lines going down the film . The Universal Legacy collection is cleaned up and has an extra 5 movies dealing with Invisible theme.You get a neat little card in these Classic Monsters Collection card with these dvds as well , at least I did . Your have to go to a website and hold the card up and you may win some cool prizes . However , in very very tiny print at the very bottom of the card says the card expired almost ten years ago ! I dont know why they still have them in there .
 I had to debate knocking one star off , but went with 5 because of the inclusion of Invisible Woman and Invisible Agent along with the Invisible Man films . The ridiculous music replacement when Kemp has the radio on is infuriating and just ruins the viewing experience . It does n't even fit in with the film . You will have to get the oldest VHS release to get the original film . This is unforgiveable .
 This is a Great old Invisible Man collection and was well worth the price . The box was a little wider but no taller than an ordinary dvd case . These films are a great series of the black and white Invisible man movies . Its great watching the old special effects and style . They are a little old but fast moving movies , if you wanted more modern color try Memoirs of an Invisible Man with Chevy Chase . If you like old monster movies you should have this set.Watching WW2 films I was most interested in The Invisible Agent in this box set . It seemed to have a good budget and was filmed well for its time . As with other films of its era it makes the nazis look foolish but not as bad as ` Hitler , Dead or Alive ' . The gestapo hunt for the Invisible Man along with interference of their allies the Japanese for the secret of invisibility while the invisible man runs to escape the nazi country with information about a nazi attack against the US . There are aircraft , explosions , uniforms and most of the film is behind enemy lines spy action . A very cool addition to any WW2 collection .
 Extremely creative . The special effects lay the groundwork for what was to come . Great acting , directing .
 Although this film deviates somewhat from H.G. Welles novella this is an excellent adaptation that is still entertaining seventy years after its first release . The setting of England in winter is well conveyed though we know that in all probability the film was made on a Southern California sound stage . The special effects are amazing for 1933 and one can only imagine the marvel it was for 1930 's film goers to see the invisible man 's antics which at first are playful but evolve into murder . Much of the acting may seem melodramatic or `` stagy '' to modern viewers but if taken in the historical context it does not detract from the enjoyment of the film . My one quibble is the romance between `` Jack '' -LRB- the invisible `` one '' -RRB- played by Claude Rains and `` Flora '' played by Gloria Stuart seems forced , unnecessary and unlikely .
 The Invisible Man - The Legacy Collection is six hour and twenty - six minutes and was released on DVD on October 19 , 2004 . Barring Abbott and Costello Meet the Invisible Man , you get all five invisible movies
 The Invisible man is one of those old movies that gets lost in the crowd . This picture is one of Universal 's best . The Invisible Man Legacy collection includes this film with the 2 sequels , plus two unrelated films about invisibilty . ` The Invisible Man ' film is the only film from Universal 's Invisiblity catalog that is available on a single DVD by itself but , it 's well worth picking up the Legacy set to get all 5 films ! Rains and Co. are great in this science fiction tale . Like most Universal horror films , this film has tons of atmosphere and some really creepy images and sets . One in paticular is a close up of Rains wearing bandages and goggles that is just fantastic ! The sequels are very good and this set should be in every horror film buffs collection . The DVD transfer on both releases are really good !
 The Invisible Man - Legacy Collection DVDThis product has two DVDs with five `` invisible men '' movies from 1933 and the early 1940s . The first DVD as `` The Invisible Man '' from 1933 which is based on a novel by H. G. Wells The second double-sided DVD has the other movies . -LSB- Was the idea of an invisible man taken from the writings of Adam Smith who told of an `` invisible hand '' that regulated the economy ? An `` invisible hand '' requires an `` invisible man '' . Only a government or group of people can regulate the economy , and has done so since recorded time . -RSB- These movies are digitally enhanced for clarity and contrast and are much better than what you saw on videotapes . The background to these stories tell about life as seen by Hollywood . Kurt Siodmark was the prolific screenwriter for many of the Universal Horror movies , a form of science fiction or a morality play , where a monster threatens people until the threat is ended.Economic hard times lead to horror movies , like the science fiction of the early 1950s or today 's stories about vampires . The 1974-75 Recession was followed by `` Jaws '' , a monster movie done in pseudo-documentary style . The current `` Great Recession '' should see other horror movies , or the re-release of the movies that frightened your grandparents in the 1930s . There are books that tell about Hollywood movies of the 1930s and 1940s . Movie theaters began a slow decline in the 1950s after the rise of television and then recorded videos . `` The Invisible Man '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- tells how a research scientist found a way to make a corporeal body invisible in daylight . This gave power to the man who ingested a drug , but had bad side effects that neutralized this power . It is a morality play that shows how power corrupts . `` The Invisible Man Returns '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- is about a man awaiting execution for murder . What if he disappears ? Radcliffe searches for the real murderer and discovers the truth . A dying declaration should solve this case . Radcliffe gets a blood transfusion and regains his visibility ! `` The Invisible Woman '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- involves a professor who wants a human test subject . We see Kitty 's life and conditions . Three bad guys try to steal this invention and fail due to Kitty 's actions . Kitty and Richard marry ; will their baby be invisible ? `` Invisible Agent '' -LRB- 1942 -RRB- tells how Frank Griffin 's grandson enlisted as a Government agent , went to Berlin , and after much trouble captured a book that listed the names of enemy spies operating in America then returned to England with a friend . This is not the best movie in this collection , it is an adventure movie with comic situations . `` The Invisible Man 's Revenge '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- tells how Robert Griffin returned to England by ship to learn he was cheated out of his share of money from a partnership . He plots to get even , and finds a Doctor who will inject a serum to turn him invisible . Griffin has to find a way to make himself visible again , and uses illegal means . The dog of the Doctor follows Griffin and insures poetic justice . This movie is worth watching once for fans of this series.The moral is to not meddle in things that should be left alone . Yet Jack worked in preserving foods via chemicals . Is this an argument against chemical foods , or `` genetic modification '' ? Or against experimenting with drugs ? This film is a condensed and simplified version of the novel . The story has smoothed out the details of Jack 's past life . I think the story in the book was better .
 The Invisible Man is way ahead of it 's time . H. G. Wells was way ahead of his time . This film while not a perfect adaptation is still the best version that has been released . A great science fiction film with effects that still hold up .
 This movie is usually categorized as a horror film , but it is more of a sci-fi film than horror . There are also a few good comic moments -LRB- intentional -RRB- that work in this film . Oh , and Claude Raines also gives the performance of his career in the title role . I recently watched the dvd released from Universal of this film and I must say that I was quite impressed . I had not seen the movie in probably twenty years and it was really good ! A lot of old `` classics '' can be slow and boring , but this was entertaining and I never even thought about fast forwarding through any of it , like I would in say , a Jess Franco film.The movie starts out with a bang when a mysterious man appears at an inn during a howling snowstorm . He is bundled up and and demands a room and food . After he is settled in his room , we see -LRB- or do n't see -RRB- the first glimpses of the invisible man.The name of the mysterious invisible man we find out is Dr. Jack Griffin . He has a fiancee , Flora Cranley -LRB- played by Gloria Stuart who was nominated for an Oscar for her performance as the old woman in the Titantic -RRB- , and Flora and her father are very concerned for the missing invisible man , but his former partner , Dr. Kemp , sees this as a chance try and move in on Flora , but Kemp 's advances are rebuffed.Later on Kemp is visited by the invisible guy and under duress , offers cloths , food and a place to sleep for Griffin . This is when Claude Raines really gets to shine , telling Kemp about his megolimania like plans to control the world through criminal mischief . The rest of the story is somewhat of a moral tale that mixes suspense and humor.The film was released in 1933 and was right in the middle of James Whale 's wonderful run of great movies for Universal . He directed the smash hit Frankenstein that was released in 1931 and followed that up with The Old Dark House which also starred Boris Karloff . They teamed up again in 1935 for the Bride of Frankenstein which ended up being the directors last great horror film . He did manage to direct some future great horror actors in Vincent Price and Peter Cushing in the late 30 's , but his career was pretty much over by 1939 . The dvd is part of Universal Studios Classic Horror Collection which means that it includes a great documentary and also a commentary by film historian Rudy Behlmer . The special effects in this movie are great , especially considering they are 70 years old . I really ca n't recommend this dvd highly enough for anyone who cares for early classic horror or sci-fi . I got it as part of the 8 dvd Classic Monster Collection which is still available at amazon.com , but the individual dvd is currently out of print .
 The Invisible Man is one of the most impressive Universal `` monster '' films of the 1930s , a motion picture masterpiece still as vibrant and engaging now as it was in 1933 . It is also a representative of the rarest of movies - one which succeeds much better than the novel upon which it was based . Do n't get me wrong - H.G. Wells was a brilliant writer , one of the two founding fathers of science fiction , but The Invisible Man left me as cold as the invisible man must have felt running around naked in the bitterly cold countryside . The invisible man is thoroughly unlikable in the novel , much more so than he is here . A running time of just 71 minutes and a brilliant tour de force of a film debut by Claude Raines make Jack Griffin a fascinating albeit quite mad character who never completely turns the viewer off with his misguided antics . Of course , the sword cuts both ways . In the novel , one gets a much deeper appreciation of the pain and struggle the man faces trying to restore himself to visibility . In the movie , the transition to raving megalomaniac occurs much more quickly , with several palliative dashes of humor thrown into the mix early on.There is n't that much to the story , really . A man wrapped in bandages and clothed in a long overcoat , glasses , and hat suddenly enters the Lion 's Head pub and inn one snowy night demanding a room . He makes it very clear that he wants privacy and soon begins performing chemical experiments . The fellow is a scientist named Jack Griffin -LRB- Claude Rains -RRB- , a young chap who , after five years of private work , discovered the secret of invisibility ; unfortunately for him , he has yet to figure out an antidote , as becomes evident when he begins to shed his clothes and bandages - yep , the title was right , he really is the invisible man . Now most fellows , were they to become invisible , would probably run right out and try to see the girl next door in her birthday suit , but Griffin is different . That special ingredient in the potion tends to make a person just a little bit insane , and Griffin has already begun forming plans to get filthy rich and make the world grovel at his invisible feet . His surly attitude and just plain weirdness soon get him evicted , and soon his secret is out . He has a jolly good time playing pranks on local villagers , but his pranks soon turn to mass murder . The police dragnet is fun to watch -LRB- it is n't easy to catch an invisible man -RRB- , but the movie takes a continually darker tone as the inevitable conclusion approaches . I am of the belief that the story of The Invisible Man really does n't teach any sort of lesson with it , although others are certainly free to voice their own interpretations of the story . Griffin is just too disagreeable to teach me anything -LRB- apart from the ubiquitous `` do n't meddle in God 's domain '' thing -RRB- . The special effects in the film are actually quite amazing . Many of them are rather simple but well-done , and the central bits featuring clothes walking around on their own serve the story very well indeed . There is one scene featuring a pair of pants skipping down the road accompanied by Griffin singing the kind of ditty a madman might be prone to sing that is absolutely priceless . Alongside Dracula and Frankenstein , The Invisible Man completes the threesome of truly must-see 1930s Universal `` monster '' films , even though we all know it 's really pure science fiction and not horror .
 JANUS FIRST ITS AUGUST 1ST THIS MOVIE IN ITS REALIZATION IS ASTOUNDING ... TO FINALLY SAY YES AN NOT DOUBT WHAT THE CREATOR LOOKS LIKE IN SOUL AN SPIRIT ITS INVISIBLE UNTILL IT TAKES A WAY SHAPE OR FORM THE UTMOST REVEALMINT ... TRULY THE CREATORS NAME IS IT ... VERY PRIVILAGED...~!@#$%^&* -LRB- 999999999999999and fine as stated by the wizard no one has ever seen the great oz so true in truth ... the newer an better golden ages approaches ... a very happy astounding thought ... even the greatest would agree all for now santas helper itself ...
 These are the movies of my childhood and I still love them . They were able to intertain you without gore , foul lanuage , or filth . Need more like them .
 Under the light of more than seventy three years elapsed , we should assume another perspective at the moment to consider its relevant significance . James Whale was the acclaimed director of Frankenstein and Claude Rains -LRB- Notorious and Casablanca -RRB- make the best they can in which to put asunder the phantasmagoric and the incisive metaphor beneath the script.A true milestone of the cinema . For many modernists it may be dated , but nobody will be able to deny that in 1933 this must be a horror film in the broad sense of the term .
 of suspense , comedy , action and storytelling . Claude Rains in his first film outing proves to be a mesmerising actor with voice only and Gloria Stuart shot to a little bit of fame with TITANIC many years later - 1997 . James Whale is again at his best :--RRB- = Una O`Connor -LRB- as in The Bride of Frankenstein -RRB- is a scene-stealer of the highest rank : - -RRB-
 WELL ... RAINS PLAYS A DISTORED DOCTOR IN A WAY . WHAT I MEAN IS THAT HE 'S INVISIBLE ! BASED ON THE BOOK BY H.G WELLS . THE INVSIBLE MAN IS A MOVIE YOU WILL NEVER NEVER FORGET .
 The Invisible Man Legacy collection is a great buy . These forgotten gems do n't get the credit they deserve . The set includes 3 Invisible Man entries and two other films dealing with invisibilty . All the films and special features are well worth your time and money . Hey it 's Universal , I love them all and this is one set that should not be overlooked!The Invisible Man 5 StarsThe Invisible Man Returns 4 3/4 StarsThe Invisible Woman 4 StarsThe Invisible Agent 2 StarsThe Revenge Of The Invisible Man 3 1/2 Stars
 If you are a fan of the classic horror film then this is a must.The special effects are suburb for their day and the film quality is very good.All of the Legacy Collection Sets are worth the cost and i have them all .
 What 's there to review ? If you like this stuff , this is the clear choice !
 To be honest with you , I 've never seen none of the Invisible Man movies before in my life . I 've seen one scene of the first one where Claude Rains , who plays the infamous Invisible Man , is being questioned by the towns people and the police , and he gets really upset and then he says to them `` You want to know who I am , alright then , I 'll show you !!!!! '' then he pulls off his nose and his dark glasses and he reveals himself to them , and they start running and screaming.I hope this collection is great as the Frankenstein Collection . I look forward to watching them on DVD all together .
 Where is the film Abbott and Costello meet the Invisible Man ? Sure that film finally saw DVD release with the new A & C Volume 3 set , but I had to buy said set just for that one title in order to have a `` complete '' Invisible Man collection . For it to be really called `` The Invisible Man Legacy '' , it needs to have ALL of them , not just 83 % ...
 this was one of my favorite horror movies as a kid.it still holds up well . it is a great addition toany classic horror collection . the performance byClaude Rains is chilling and there is great humor in themovie . for its time , the special effects are amazing.nice quality on DVD too .
 This movie is a great way of having a monster good time . Claude Rains is spectacular in his first big movie role and it is his voice we hear most often . He does n't appear until the end . Great clever special effects and one really good one of an invisible man sitting in a rocking chair , smoking a cigarette . James Whale is the great director and has done a good job with this one . Have fun !
 The Invisible Man is a great horror movie . It introduced Claude Rains to the world and created a fun franchise for Universal pictures , the monster movie giant . A scientist studies night and day to find the clue to invisibility only to experience success on himself . Unfortunately with time , it drives him a little mad too . So the monster show begins ! The other films are interesting and professionally made but not up to par with the great original The Invisible Man . Quirky and of interest , I mildly enjoyed them and appreciated them for what they were . Probably good shows for the kiddies on Saturday afternoons . Great collection .
 I am enjoying this series of films so much . . to package them all in one set is a plus . The film quality is outstanding ... To see how far ahead of its time these movies were as far as special effects are concerned makes them more entertaining to watch wondering how they filmed those effects during that era .
 Claude Rains is amazing . The special effects are amazing . This is 1933 folks ! And yet the `` invisable man '' fx is n't a mere gimmick , the acting from Rains really pulls the story dramatically . I love this movie .
 Claude Raines began a long and distinguished career as an actor who could mesmerize with his rich and resonant voice . In THE INVISIBLE MAN , it is his voice that captures the audience even as his body is either buried in a mummy wrap or cavorts about the countryside unseen . The special effects of 1933 were quite primitive but director Jack Whale makes effective use of the ordinary
 Many reviewers say the film 's special effects look `` dated '' . Well , DUH ! What do you expect ?? The movie is almost 80 freakin ' years old , people ! And you know what ? Like all of the Whale films , it holds up better than 99 % of the films made back then . Believe it or not folks , just because a movie is in black and white and does n't have blood/gore does not automatically make it boring or bad . For example
 A maverick researcher -LRB- Claude Rains -RRB- uses an invisibility drug on himself , then goes into hiding while attempting to develop an antidote . Unbeknownst to himself , the drug also induces megalomania , and before long he will become the terror of the English countryside.Although it may have been a severe miscalculation for Jack Griffin to subject himself to the drug before he had a countermeasure , there are no miscalculations on the part of director James Whale , who is responsible for some of the very best vintage Universal horror pictures . The special effects are surprisingly good for the era and present no bar to enjoyment . The script , though it departs significantly from the H.G. Wells source material , is intelligent . No review of this film is complete without praise for Rains , who appears only at the very end and only for a moment , but whose superb vocal performance and physical expression , while hidden under bandages , presents a fully realized character .
 This is a classic film . Bear in mind while watching it that this was done in 1933 and the effects are amazing for it 's time . If you have read HG Well 's book , upon which the movie was based , you will not be disappointed . While it is not a verbatum screen play , this movie is true to the spirit of the story and does follow the book closely . The additional features are nice too .
 Claude Rains is the invisible one , and this his him at his best in the genre . Look fast for John Carradine -LRB- I am still trying to spot Walter Brennan in The Bride Of Frankenstein ! -RRB- , and that is a young Gloria -LRB- TITANIC -RRB- Stuart playing the girlfriend of the invisible one!Creaky old Universal thriller is one of their gems from the 1930s . This one ranks right up there with Frankenstein -LRB- 31 -RRB- , Bride of -LRB- 35 -RRB- , Mummy -LRB- 32 -RRB- , and Dracula -LRB- 30 -RRB- . Una O'Connor is the comic relief and she is even more annoying here than she was in the Bride of , but why carp?Excellent film .
 Trough science fiction in the 1930 ` s was less popular than horror on the screen , this film is really up to the standard of `` Dracula '' or `` Frankenstein '' . Beside the superb performance -LRB- or `` voice '' -RRB- by Claude Rains , who delivers his lines in an unbelievable clear accent , director James Whale manages to create the same kind of `` fairytale world '' he used to deliver in `` Frankenstein '' . The images of the snowy English countryside , the inn , the dead trees behind windows and the lonely small town streets are unforgetable . But besides this the black humor and the fine `` English '' characters are wothy a movie admission alone . Just sit down on a quiet Winter evening and watch this science fiction vision from another time ...
 This movie is spectacular ! I did find some flaws but it 's still a good movie and deserves to be as famous as Dracula and Frankenstein . I loved the movie , still do , and i enjoy watching it . Claude Rains makes the invisible man a frightening person with his talk of ruling the world . Mrs. Hall 's high-pitched screams can get annoying at times but it 's still good . Oh , classic horror ... I love it , do n't you ?
 Is it any wonder that people are frequently afraid of science when the unknown is exploited the way it is in `` The Invisible Man ? '' Claude Rains powerfully and effectively fills the role of Dr. Griffen , the man who conducted experiments with a drug that was so dangerous that it was no longer produced . In the course of experimenting with the drug he managed to turn himself invisible . Naturally the excitement of being invisible wears off after a while and Dr. Griffen decides he would like to return to the world of the visible . There are only two minor problems with his return . First , he has no idea how to return . Second , the drug he used has the minor side effect of making the user insane.Two aspects of this movie make it incredibly effective . First is Claude Rains outstanding voiceover . For many parts of the movie Dr. Griffen is invisible , moving through rooms and about town unseen . As Dr. Griffen does various things while invisible Claude Rains provides wonderfully emotional dialogue to support his actions . Rains manages to fill the invisible character of Dr. Griffen with incredible menace alternating with exasperation and even something pathos.The other aspect is the fantastic special effects . There are a few glitches and inconsistencies , but the special effects in this 1933 film were phenomenal then and still impressive now . Sometimes you can guess how some of the items were moved though wires were not apparent . In other cases , such as when the bicycle is thrown at a crowd , the effect is wonderful and indiscernible . The special effects in combination with Claude Rains ' performance create a classic science fiction based horror movie that is a classic for all ages.Other actors may seem familiar to some . Gloria Stuart played the elderly Rose in the movie `` Titanic . '' Henry Travers also played the angel Clarence in the movie `` It 's a Wonderful Life , '' a classic in its own right . Walter Brennan and John Carradine also make appearances . John Carradine would later be featured in many more horror movies.Science fiction based horror movies continued to degrade soon after this classic film , leading to some incredibly cheesy films in the 50s and 60s and causing an aversion to science fiction horror . However , as this classic film shows , the genre had an outstanding beginning available to today 's audience on DVD and VHS .
 If you do n't read the credits , you 'd swear The Invisible Man is Colin Clive , the original Dr. Frankenstein . They both have the same insane mannerisms . Maybe that has something to do with director James Whale who directed both.Great movie . For 1933 the special effects qar every good . And check out The Invisible Man 's mentor , it 's the angel Clarance from ` It 's a Wonderful Life ' ! Check out the part when they finally catch him . The Invisible Man is only Invisible when he 's completely naked right ? Of course ! But when he 's running through the snow and the cops shoot him , check out the footprints . They are obviously prints made by a pair of shoes !! Not too scary for kids , so the whole family can enjoy it .
 James Whale was one of Universal 's best directors in the 1930s ; hell , let 's just say he was one of Hollywood 's best directors . Besides `` Frankenstein '' and `` The Bride of Frankenstein , '' he also directed this first sound adaptation of H.G. Wells 's thriller . And in it he provided a Hollywood debut for English actor Claude Rains . Rains is marvelous as the Invisible One -LRB- as he 's identified in the opening credits -RRB- , a fabulously over-the-top performance reveling in the character 's madness and wit . Rains is aptly partnered by a young Gloria Stuart -LRB- who went on to play the old lady in James Cameron 's `` Titanic '' about 60 years later , as well as lead an extraordinarily interesting life as an artist and a friend to the wonderful writer MFK Fisher , but I digress ! -RRB- and Henry Travers -LRB- aka the angel wannabe Clarence in Capra 's `` It 's A Wonderful Life . '' -RRB- But the real scene stealer in this thoroughly entertaining , masterfully paced film is the great Una O'Connor as the Inn-keeper 's wife . Just watching this woman 's face is one of the great delights of going to the movies , even at home . Good screen adaptation from the writers and excellent camera work , but it 's Whale 's show and the direction displays all his trademark creepy atmospherics and sly wit . A real gem , and with marvelous DVD bonus features to boot !
 Omitting the Abbott and Costello Meet the Invisible Man is nothing to be concerned about since , as you noted , it is in the A&C ; volume 3 . The Invisible Man would be in one set or the other , and it makes more sense to be in the A&C ; series . If they put it in both , people would complain that they are being forced to buy a movie twice . Just like the movie `` Abbot and Costello meet Frankenstein '' . It has Frankenstein 's Monster , Wolf Man , AND Dracula ; in which set should it have been included ? Rightly so , the Abbott and Costello series.That 's my opinion , anyway .
 The original INVISBLE MAN is now 70 years old , and obviously it shows some age by being a bit static and talky . Overall , however , I was pretty impressed with how enjoyable it is in light of today 's action movies . The film was directed by James Whale , who made `` Frankenstein '' and was the subject of `` Gods and Monsters . `` Claude Rains , in his first major role , plays a scientist who meddles with invisibility . His experiments work , except now he ca n't reverse the results , and he 's slowing going mad . Gloria Stuart -LRB- old Rose from Titanic -RRB- plays his love interest who tries to talk him back to sanity . The special effects still work pretty well - apparently the invisiblity scenes were filmed by having Rains in a black velvet body stocking and filmed in front of a black velvet backdrop -LRB- an early precursor to our bluescreen special effects -RRB- . Some of the acting is pretty hammy but does n't detract too much from the main story . Finally , it 's a surprisingly humorous movie - I laughed out loud more than once ! Highly recommended for fans of early horror films and classic films in general .
 I actually enjoyed this movie a little more than the book . What makes this movie so interesting is that it gives us an invisible man for show , but we see that it is insanity which is the true horror.The movie starts with Dr. Griffin -LRB- the invisible man -RRB- coming to a tavern/hotel . Many patrons are uneasy about him , but some feel there is no real reason to dislike him despite his oddness . Later , he wreaks some havoc as he tries to find a way to make himself visible again . -LRB- He almost kills the owner of the tavern . -RRB- This is when the chase starts ; at this point , the movie looks more like a comedy than anything , as the townspeople try hopelessly to catch an invisible man.Dr . Griffin reunites with his friend Dr. Kemp , and Griffin reveals to some extent why he did this experiment . Now the movie stops being funny and becomes quite disturbing as Griffin reveals his intentions
 This is the first movie made based on H.G. Wells ' 1897 novel of the same name . This movie although having the same main character and set in one of the towns from the book is pretty much only about 20 % following the storyline of Wells ' novel . This movie has characters and scenes which are n't in the novel such as Griffin -LRB- the invisible man -RRB- having a fianc&eacute; -LRB- played by Gloria Stewart an actress who grew old to be that annoying elderly lady in Titanic -RRB- who also has a father , another scientist who is n't in the novel either . Griffin did n't burn down his apartment in this movie in fact the most interesting scenes from the Wells ' book where Griffin recounts his adventures in the department store and the city of London when he first became invisible to Dr Kemp are not in this movie at all.James Whale has also added a fair bit of humour to Wells ' novel and a fair amount of new very entertaining scenes such as train crashes , Kemp 's car cliff diving , and toying with and taunting the townsfolk which all make the 68 minute movie extremely enjoyable . The biggest difference is that Griffin 's madness is more blamed on a drug called monocaine in this movie whereas in the Wells ' book although Griffin was never the nicest guy , his desire for murder and mayhem was created by his disgusting treatment by the bigoted town folk as well as the betrayal and stealing of his possessions including his notes -LRB- the one 's he dropped to Kemp out of the window in the film -RRB- which he needed to make himself a cure by those he enlisted to help him.There is sensational debut acting by Claude Rains as Griffin , but also some bad overacting in the film especially Una O'Connor as the landlady -LRB- who reminds me of Granny from the Beverly Hillbillies rather than the landlady from Wells ' book -RRB- and some pathetic attempts at English accents by bar patrons and towns folk , but other than that the movie has more than stood the test time . Special effects brilliantly pull of the illusion of invisibility and although you can tell Whale used model trains and the like this movie is done so much better than other horror/special effects movies made in the decades following which you watch today just to laugh at their cheesiness . This 1933 classic is a masterpiece , you have to see it!The DVD has a nice documentary of the film , its actors and the director James Whale as well as the many sequel and spin off movies inspired by this film -LRB- in fact you can buy all these movies along with this movie in a DVD set which may be better value than just buying this movie alone depending on prices -RRB- . The documentary on this one goes for about as long as the movie . You can also watch the movie with commentary or with English , Arabic , Hungarian , Turkish , Greek , Czech or Romanian subtitles .
 I could not give this movie five stars as it does have some picture and sound drawbacks , but to go away from Sinister Cinema 's `` Death Trip '' waiting for a better print if one comes along is futile . This is not the first case for me where the film source used by Sinister Cinema has color fading and splices and in this instance gaps in picture and sound but is perhaps the best that can be had now . The films were immensely watchable and I have never felt ripped off by the company as most of the films I 've gotten from Sinister Cinema were rare and quite enjoyable . I am not sure but I think `` Death Trip '' is part of a series of `` Commissar X '' films perhaps similar to Ian Fleming 's James Bond but this information is , at present , somewhat sketchy with me . I do not know what country produced this film but it stars Tony Kendall as `` Jo Walker '' and Brad Harris from a screenplay by and directed by Rudolf Zehetgruber with Angelo Lotti as the Director of Photography and the great Franceso De Masi doing the music . Editing was by Edmondo Lozzi with special effects by Richard Richtsfeld . The `` macguffin '' here is LSD and the film I think is set mostly in Istanbul . It is mostly played tongue-in-cheek and has a lot of comedy and I definitely will watch it over again . This film is very good , so enjoy it while you can .
 I saw this movie about 25 years ago.I was just a kid , but my memory of this movie is very good and exciting.When I was watching the movie , the cinema projector in the movie theater burned out . So I only saw half of the film.I want to see it again , in its entirety.There is a lot of action and suspense in it.The american movie `` Speed '' is based on this Japanese original .
 Want a family friendly ecological adventure that seems destined to draw comparisons to the works of legendary filmmaker Hayao Miyazaki ? This French import from 2008 clearly modeled itself from the same template and themes that Miyazaki -LRB- Spirited Away , Castle in the Sky , Princess Mononoke -RRB- has revisited with frequency . And yet , in this case , I 'm not sure that the comparison will be a positive one . `` Mia and The Migoo '' is a beautifully illustrated fantasy just now making a delayed North American DVD debut . The movie looks wonderful with hand drawn illustrations and an earthy color palette . It is clear that the film has been meticulously put together and presents a visual feast . And as this story began , I was sure that we had a winner . The tale , however , takes some unexpectedly obtuse turns which muddle its message and make it a bit harsh for younger viewers . Do n't get me wrong . I still liked `` Mia and The Migoo , '' it just seems to veer off track in its last third.The movie starts out as a classic quest . Plucky Mia 's father is an immigrant worker that is far away breaking ground on a new resort . Mia decides that she must see him , so sets off on a cross-country sojourn that it 's best not to think about in practical terms . She can be spirited and likable , if occasionally bratty -LRB- like when she threatens to basically steal someone 's boat if they do n't help her -RRB- , and demonstrates a great perseverance . Meanwhile , Mia 's father is in danger from strange happenings at the work sight and is , in fact , missing for most of the movie unbeknownst to her . And the tale also introduces the greedy industrialist behind the project and his difficult relationship with his son . As all the characters are on separate paths , there is much to admire and enjoy about `` Mia and the Migoo . '' But when everyone starts coming together , the film starts falling apart.The introduction of the Migoo -LRB- a forest spirit -RRB- adds humor , but their mission is vague at best having something to do with protecting a tree stump -LRB- the symbolic Tree of Life -RRB- . In fact , the ecological theme gets so diffuse , I lost a lot of the point -LRB- Do n't use a rocket launcher on the Tree of Life ? Seems like a sound message -RRB- . The movie becomes increasing mystical , busy , and over-the-top . But this bit of confusion was n't my primary concern . Aspects of the movie seemed to get incredibly dark for younger viewers . The end of the world is a pretty heavy concept . And the father/son dynamic concerning the villain is very hard edged in emotional context . Sometimes bigger is n't better , and the larger the story became -- the more disconnected I got from it.To appeal to a wider audience , the original foreign language soundtrack has been replaced by names and voices as recognizable as Matthew Modine , Whoopi Goldberg , Wallace Shawn , and James Woods . I 'm not sure , however , if this exactly adds to the experience . Woods , in particular , plays a character completely at odds with his voice -LRB- he 's a Latin laborer , just the feeling that Woods ' voice does n't evoke -RRB- . But that 's a minor point . I think `` Mia and the Migoo '' had enormous potential , it just lost me somewhere on the way . I think my time would have been better spent rewatching a Miyazaki classic . About 3 1/2 stars , I 'll be generous and round up -- but that 's mostly for the artwork . KGHarris , 8/12 .
 From GKIDS , the theatrical distributors of The Secret of Kells and A Cat in Paris , Mia and the Migoo is a heartwarming story about a young girl who sets off on a journey to find her father . Little does she know what she will also see , meet and find along her way . She is fearless , a little bossy at times , and very independent . In this fable-like quest she must also overcome her fears and help innocent , bumbling forest spirits called the Migoo save the ancient Tree of Life that is being threatened by money hungry developers.I love this film ! It has a beautiful eco-friendly message of hope , healing and change for the better . This film took 6 years to make . Created from an astonishing 500,000 hand-painted frames of animation , the gorgeous second feature from award winning French director Jacques-R &eacute;my Girerd and animation studio Folimage is a work of art , breathtaking to behold . Its rich backgrounds and colors are reminiscent of famous paintings in watercolors and pastel . It has won best animated feature in the European Film Awards and the HSBC Environmental Film Award.This English version features voices of Whoopi Goldberg , Matthew Modine , James Woods and Wallace Shawn . Bonus features include `` Making of '' Featurette & an Interview with the Director . Total movie run time is 91 minutes long . It is rated PG for thematic elements , some peril and brief mild language so you may want to screen it before having your children watch just in case.My children , especially the youngest were entranced by this film and thought the Migoo were funny and strange . Zari , my very youngest loved it every time a jungle critter would appear . I thought the bus scene was great ! My boys loved the meteorite shower scene because they love looking at the stars themselves and it reminded them of the meteorite showers we will have on August 11th and October 20th . DISCLOSURE/DISCLAIMER
 `` D.O.A.
 I might be in the minority here , but great martial arts choreography + hot babes + campy storyline = good times to me . This was a must have if you enjoy martial arts flicks , and can find a sense of humor . A lot of people also did n't like Kung Fu Hustle , which I thought was brilliant .
 I do n't recall this movie being out at the movie theatres . The story was ridiculous . But the action was very entertaining . Jaime Pressly and Holly Valence were certainly the right actresses for their roles . I say that not just because they are attractive . These roles seemed very physically and mentally demanding . They have the fitness to be able to rise to the challenge . What is more important is that they were able to lend to the movie 's characters their own personal charisma . That made what was an absolutely awful story very entertaining to watch unfold.While the story was great , I have to applaud the cast . Their acting skills , physical abilities , and charisma made the movie entertaining .
 I thought this movie is better than the Mortal Kombats and Street Fighter films . The fighting in this movie is awsome the the girls are hot too ... like the games . The movie was fun to watch but I no a few people will dislike the story . Its also a bit too similar to Street Fighter Alpha -LRB- animated movie -RRB- and Tekken the Motion Picture -LRB- animated movie -RRB- . SFA . . main villian stealing the fighters powers . Tekken . . takes place on an secret island which explodes too . Both films also have the main villian watching the fighters in a secret lab . Anyway . . the video is clear and the fighting is cool . Id watch it again .
 The rundown is I agree with all the currently posted reviews 100 % . The reason I 'm adding my two cents is this was actually a video game to movie I really enjoyed and for people with fan favorites I 'm basically just writing a character breakdown -LRB- no ` plot ' spoilers , not that there 's much too spoil -RRB- . The dialog can drive you nutty , the choreography is fun , and the extras are worth checking out.Negatives for fans of the following : If you 're a hardcore Ayane fan , sorry , you 'll have to wait for a Ninja Gaiden movie because she comes across as an Elecktra knockoff who does n't have a fight scene to do her justice.If you 're a Ryu fan , he 's a pansy with one good fight sequence.No Ein , but Hayate brings a touch of `` Kiss of the Dragon '' kicked up a notch.No Hitomi , super brief cameos to Gen Fu , Brad Wong , Lei Fang , Bayman , and Jann Lee.Positives for fans of the following : Christie -LRB- no longer an assassin , she 's a professional thief who has ` loner ' lines and is always working with somebody -RRB- , Tina , and Kasumi are the triple threat heroines of the film . So for fans of these characters you 're in for a treat.Zack , Leon , Donovan , and Bass have well dispersed interactions along with some good fights -LRB- bearing in mind the film is about 90 minutes , which is a blessing and curse -RRB- . Kudos to the roles of Zack and Bass , for me they were just what the movie needed.Epilogue : The one thing that bugged me was that with the exception of Kasumi and Tina , there was n't a whole lot of exposition about why they were there . The game was n't too deep either , but if this movie was described as a pie , the ending would be the fluffy top part of the pie with the least amount of substance -LRB- in the game this was reversed -RRB- . As a final side note the movie incorporates a lot of nods to its genre and to the game . It was a blast watching some signature moves make it into the movie and although I would 've liked to have seen a lot more it was more than enough to keep me entertained . Was so surprised I ended up watching it twice because I had a hard time believing how much I enjoyed it , but it was still a blast through round 2 .
 Several contestants have been chosen to fight in the D.O.A. tournament , hosted by megalomanical billionaire doctor Victor Donovan -LRB- Eric Roberts -RRB- . Four of them include ninja princess Kasumi -LRB- Devon Aoki -RRB- , pro wrestler Tina Armstrong -LRB- Jamie Pressly -RRB- , master thief Christie Allen -LRB- Holly Valance -RRB- , and hostess Helena Douglas -LRB- Sarah Carter -RRB- . As they make their way through the rankings , and enjoy some fun in the sun , there 's a hidden agenda behind this `` tournament '' - Donovan plans to harvest the nanobots from the four best DOA fighters , creating a technology where the host will be able to predict and adapt to any fighting style and defeat any combatant . With the help of Donovan lackey Weatherby -LRB- Steve Howey -RRB- , the girls must band together and stop those who want to harvest their might for evil.Maybe I 'm a brown-noster , but damned if I did n't enjoy director Corey Yuen 's -LRB- `` The Transporter 2 '' -RRB- B-movie aspirations for the big-screen adaptation of a B-level video game . I have n't played `` DOA
 Unlike the similarly themed `` Tournament '' , `` D.O.A. '' knows what it is and plays it 's cards to the hilt . `` Tournament '' was ridiculous and tried to take itself seriously . `` D.O.A. '' is an over-the-top comic book and does n't try to be anything else.Here 's the scoop . Fighters/assassins are invited to compete in an elimination challenge on a private resort type Island . The winner gets a cool ten million dollars . What they do n't know is that the proprietor -LRB- an uber-sleazy Eric Roberts -RRB- is programming their skills into a gizmo that allows him to create the ultimate army which he can market to other countries . There are other sub-plots but that 's pretty much it in a nutshell.The producers/director make this sort of a James Bond type flick . Over-sized sets , cool devices , a megalomaniac who wants to rule the world -LRB- or at least profit from others who want to -RRB- and some very 007 type music . There are a lot of well choreographed fight scenes as well . They are well directed and well shot -LRB- as is the entire movie -RRB- . It 's all a lot of fun . Everybody involved gets what 's going on and plays it as such.As for the actors
 IT IS ONE OF THE BEST FIGHT MOVIE I HAVE SEEN YET . PLUS IT DOES ` NT HURT TO HAVE SOME HOT LOOKING GIRLS IN THIS MOVIE.IT HELP MAKE THIS A MUST SEE MOVIE . ACTION THROUGHOUT AND NEVER A BORINGMOMENT . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE FOR ANYONE THAT LOVE TO SEE HOTGIRLS FIGHTING EACH OTHER .
 This is one of the best movie based on a video game ! I have no idea why people are being negative about ? How offer comes a decent movie made for the loyal fun of a video game?Yes , there is not much of a story , but hey , who cares ! Just go with it ! Do n't overthink thing.For those who just want a fun thrill ride with some hot babes , then definitely pick this up !
 Sound like a Charlie 's Angels film to you ? Well , that 's pretty much the formula Cory Yuen followed with this.Heard my gaming colleagues joking about how lame this movie is , and , so , I had to see it , just to see how lame it was.AND I ENJOYED IT . And got it on DVD . For $ 9 . At Wal-Mart . And I 've watched it 6 times since then!I 've never even played any of the DOA games before , much less have any vague knowledge of the plot or characters , so I ca n't tell you how closely it follows the games , but the direction they go with this film , I just like how upbeat , and non-serious it is.There 's plenty of characterization , plot , and action . Mostly on the female characters , and the characters related to them , have any back story , but at least they have back story , and it 's done well.They go CRAZY with some of the action scenes ; while the choreography does n't really seem all that complex , they do a lot of switching between different fights ; one minute , you 'll see Bayman Vs. Brad Wong , and then SWITCH ! Christie Vs. Jann Lee , then back-and-forth between a number of other fighting scenes . Another case would be , switching between the volleyball scene , and one of the heroes infiltrating the villain 's HQ.But where this movie really goes is with the tongue-in-cheek humor , and the fanservice . Lingerie girl in the elevator . Two girl fighters sharing a bed ... lesbian suggestions ensue . Wrestling girl facing off with her wrestling father.I laughed .
 i was looking for this movie in the theaters last year with no luck , and when i saw it was coming out on dvd i made sure to snap up a copy . the storyline with the characters competing in a legitamate private tournament only to find they are being used in an illegal medical experiment is quite good and in keeping with the videogame its based on i give it five stars plus
 You know , I was really surprised at how good this film was . I went into it thinking it was gon na be cheesey , and it was good . Action packed and full of fun . I 've watched it twice so far in just to days of having it . I think you will be happy with a purchase of DOA .
 I watch this movie every few months . It 's simple , funny , and easy to watch . It has attractive women , funny dialog , and a plot that wo n't exercise any of your brain cells.It 's just all around fun .
 Really enjoyed the fight sequences of the movie , I thought they were very well done . The basic plot of the movie was to sum it up in one word is ... stupid .
 DOA
 That 's what everyone that has seen the movie is saying . And they are right . Those same words came out of my mouth . I 'm a fan of Sarah Carter plus I 'm familiar with the Dead or Alive games so I was interested in seeing the movie . And I thought it was great . The fight scenes were so good I could feel the punches . I have n't felt like that during fight scenes since The Batman and Superman Anmated Series . If the movie was 3D I think I would 've came out with a black eye . The hits were unbelievable . The story was good , it did not drift apart and bore the hell out of you . I was looking out for the story and I ca n't complain . I look forward to seeing this on dvd .
 I got this knowing this was a light-story , martial arts , made from game movie like Mortal Kombat or Street Fighter . I put these all in the same category as while they do n't have the greatest actors or story lines the fight scenes were pretty good . I also feel they kept the characters how they are in the game for the most part intact thats not to say there are not some differences with the game/movie characters . I think the one thing most hilarious in the movie was Eric Roberts as the main villain this is one role I just could n't see him doing well . You well obviously get your dose of T&A shots not in the nude though mostly skimpy clothing or underwear . The extras are n't much just a trailer of the movie and a little behind the scenes video of how they made the movie . So if you liked the mortal kombat movies or the street fighter movie just choice wo n't be a bad selection for you ...
 It 's not bad , it 's not material to an academy award but it 's fun and can keep you entertained for its run , so , if you like martial arts and nice looking girls , this is the movie for you .
 My initial reaction to this movie was give it 2 stars just for finishing it . Then I thought , `` Hey , this is based on the game . Did it deliver what you expected ? '' And there , it got me . There is no attempt here to make a great movie . This is a way to divert yourself for roughly an hour and a half . If you give it the benefit of the doubt , you can say the plot is pretty thin . Practically non-existent in fact , but then have you ever played the DOA game ? I own one of them . In fact , I only own one video game and it 's DOA Hardcore . My favorite character is Lei Fang so I was kind of disapointed with her lack of screen time in this movie , but they did n't ask me so I settle for what I get . Anyway , enough meandering and back to the movie . Not great by any stretch of the imagination , but it pretty much delivers on what one would expect from a movie based on the DOA characters . Lots of pretty spectacular unbelievable fighting , and a lot of cute ladies in cool outfits . Kasumi and her fighting coustume were disapointments , Ayane I liked , Helena was -- well , different , Tina was better than I expected , and Christie was far better than I anticipated . And Weatherbee
 Yes , I would recommend this item . It arrived as advertised , on time , safely packaged , and I had no issues at all.I would def do business with this company again.Excellent product !! - Jim : - -RRB-
 This is one for you action lovers , not to mention the added attraction . Martial art at it 's best , short of Bruce Lee , of course . But plenty of martial art throughout the movie . One you will enjoy watching over and over . One for your collection .
 I know of the game series but never played it . As for the movie , it fallows about four sexy women as they kick tail . The story has a playful attitude , which makes it for a fun journey . The effects are pretty good .
 good martial arts , hot girls and not too much of a plot . I love it !
 I thought that this movie was actually Very Good and goes well with the DOA Games . I am a big fan of several of the actresses in the movie -LRB- Jaime Pressly and Sarah Carter and Natassia Malthe just for starters -RRB- I think if you like the games and like the Martial Arts and martial arts movies then you should give this movie a try and do n't pay any attention to the hate .
 If you 're looking for an enjoyable not-serious action movie with really hot girls , then this is the movie for you . Relax , get some popcorn or other snacks , and just have fun . Action does n't always have to be serious to enjoy a movie . I definitely recommend this movie . Watch it on a rainy day or when you 're looking to kill some time .
 This review is for the Amazon VOD rental of this film . I got a real kick outof this flick . It has a decent story line , great action , and the babes are veryhot . It has everything you would want in an action movie . Eric Roberts is greatas the bad guy . Jaime Pressly and Holly Valance are super sexy and kick somemajor ass . This film was well worth the VOD rental price .
 this is a GREAT movie . lots of action . i am glad that i brought it .
 First off , this is not an academy award winning film , so do n't anticipate a story with a wrench tight plot . Just had to clear that up because some people can be over critical . This is an action film with some lovely ladies getting down with some awesome fight scenes . This movie was better than I thought it would be . I 'm not a fan of the game , I think I had the first one , but I did recognize a few characters and signature moves . Beyond that it was good cinematography and awesome fight sequences ; that 's what makes this movie worth watching . Jamie Pressly actually has some pretty good moves and it was nice to see her in something besides My name is Earl . All in all , if you like watching ladies kicking butt and explosions you should love this one .
 I know the movie is based on a video game , but that usually is n't a good sign for a film . But not only did this have good action scenes , but also pretty good characterization and quality acting - at least one that is fitting for this type of film . Not that the movie is realistic , but my only gripe would be the suspension of belief required for the escape scene.The movie focuses on four women , and a couple of men who tag along to some undiscovered East Asian island for a fight tournament that has been taking place annually for 21 years . The winner to get 10 million dollars -LRB- US dollars , HK dollars , we do n't know.Three of the women , played by Jaime Pressley , Holly Valance , Devon Aoki become friends . Sarah Carter plays the daughter of the man who sponsored the tournament until his untimely death preceding this current one . The current organizer , played by Eric Roberts , turns out to have some devious ideas.Each of the women have ulterior motives . Jaimie Pressly plays a women 's wrestler and daughter of another wrestler played by Kevin Nash -LRB- also invited to the tournament -RRB- . She needs to prove to herself that she is also a warrior despite professional wrestling 's reputation as a fake sport . Holly Valance plays a thief who is there to steal the $ 100 million in the vault , Devon Aoki plays a ninja clan princess there to find her brother who had disappeared at the previous year 's tournament - she is being chased by Natassia Malthe , who is sent to assassinate her for leaving the clan . Meanwhile , she is being guarded by Kane Kosugi -LRB- who was also invited to the tournament -RRB- . Each actress is into character and does a good job displaying the motivations behind her character . There is a good chemistry between the actresses on screen , and it 's very believable that they become friends despite being rivals . And the chemistry is there among all the cast , between Valance and Matthew Marsden , who plays Valance 's partner in crime and romance , and Aoki and Kosugi , who share an unsaid fondness for each other . The action scenes are fun and varied , some ranging from the comdedic Jackie Chan style and some straight-forward fights . Male viewers get a bonus of eye candy , escpecially with the women 's beach volleyball scene.The dvd extras deserve special mention with the cast interviews , which complement the film very well . Of course , this is B movie , but one that stands out - not only does it do action well , but characters I cared for , good characterization , good acting all-around anc good direction .
 I had low expectations for this movie , but after playing and loving Dead or Alive 4 for the Xbox 360 , I had to see this movie . The acting is n't the best , and some of the wire work is really fake , but the hot chicks and `` B '' rated feel of the movie , mad me love it anyway ! As for the DVD itself ... The picture quality is fairly poor , but the sound will knock you on your butt for sure . The short `` making of '' featurette is worth watching , but there is no other speacial features on the disc.Overall I would say that anyone who likes the games , likes Hong Kong style movies , or just likes seeing hot chicks kicking a $ $ , should buy this movie . Especially for the price that amazon is asking ! Just add it to another item to get over $ -LSB- ... -RSB- and you do n't have to pay for shipping .
 Just like all the other reviewers say , the story is NOT going to win any oscars.The first 15 minutes or so had me thinking the movie would suck because the fighting/intro to the characters seemed really cheesy to me . There were also a couple other teeth-gratingly cheesy moments in this movie to boot.As the movie went on , the action actually started to really impress me and it lost that cheesy feeling it gave me near the beginning . I also really liked the women -LRB- of course -RRB- in the movie to , with my favorite fight being the one between Helena and Christie.So yea , if you want a movie with good combat and gorgeous women check DOA out .
 I bought this sight unseen . I watched the movie and was happy that I bought it . Ok , ok ... I bought it because Jaime Pressly and Devon Aoki are in it and Cory Yuen is the director.The movie would have been better WITHOUT Eric Roberts . He needs to realize his career peaked over two decades ago and retire.If you are a guy who likes movies for guys , you will enjoy this movie .
 I did n't expect much of the movie , but when I finally saw it , I was blown away ! It 's definitely not for people who like serious movies . Many reviews on the net complain that movie is bad , but they are n't fans of DOA.I am a big fan of Dead or Alive games ! It was awesome to have the movie be as fast-paced as the games . The characters are n't perfectly presented , but when you see Leon , you think , wow , he 's better in a movie than in a video game ! Or when Ayane says something mean to Kasumi , me and my brother look at each other and go like , yeah , that 's what I 'd expect her to say , sounds like Ayane . Anyway , for fans of the game it 's a great movie ! Great for watching with friends while passing the time !
 Ok ... simple to say as the front cover implicitly implies it all ; this movie is HOT ! and on fire ! And just like the video game , there 's an actual volley ball scene ! That was breath taking ! If you played the video game for more than just play , this movie will be worth it for you , I would say!If you loved DOA the game , I suggest you go buy this movie !
 DOA has been a popular hardcore hitting video game franchise for a long time now . This film brings the DOA universe what they want . If you loved the game , you are gon na have an even harder time keeping it in your pants!Story
 Out of all the films based on video games , this one nailed it . The games themselfs are a shamless excuse to see pretty girls hang out on the beach , play volleyball & fight tooth & nail and the movie got it right . Aside from that : The acting is ok , the action is pretty good and MOST of the effects are solid . The only downside is that the villian is 1D and phoned in a mile away . I give this movie a 9 out of 10 .
 1 . iF YOU LIKE any OF THE doa GAMES YOU must SEE THIS MOVIE2 . tHIS MOVIE HAS IT ALL - IMAGINE jAMES bOND WITH ONLY THE GIRLS !!! 3 . kUNG fU - cHEESE - eXTRA CHEESE - AND hOT bABES - sHWING - i 'M NOT WORTHY4 . tHE gOSPEL aCCORDING TO zACK5 . iMAGINE THE MATRIX WITHOUT THE pHILOSOPHERS6 . dO N'T BE AN rTARD - THIS . AVI IS DUMB7 . i 'M NOT ANTI- . AVI WHEN i AM IN THE MOOD . bEGIN THE BEGUINE .8 . e = mc ^ 2 = MIGS9 . TOUR DE FRANCE10 . bIOXOCK11 . mATT AND tREY12 . out ...
 Suprisingly a Really Great movie ! -LRB- as far as `` movies based on video games '' go ! ... no , really , it 's pretty GOOD ! -RRB- ... Production Values , Stunts , Set Design , ... very , very GOOD !! ... ALL Actors seen commited to their roles and do a FINE JOB !! ... -LRB- was IMPRESSED by JAMIE PRESSLY ... one can tell she Worked Out for the role of Tina ! -RRB- ... but in spite of that ... the Only REAL Criticism I have with this `` movie '' ... -LRB- again , a movie based on a video game -RRB- ... is this , ... CASTING and COSTUME DESIGN !!!! In my opinion , DOA is ALL ABOUT strong , attractive , WOMEN ! ... if they had stayed True to the women and girls of the game , This could have been THE BEST MOVIE ... -LRB- Based on a VIDEO GAME !! -RRB- ... p.s. one last note on how Good this movie was ... I did n't notice Eric Roberts till the last 20 minutes or so ... he did n't ruin it and was ... O.K. in his role !!
 This movie was a favorite before I bought it from here . Before I bought it I would always rent it everytime I went to the rental store . Well someone said to me that if I was going to keep renting it that I might as well buy it . So what was what I did . It is great having my own DVD .
 This is a fun film - something Bond ca n't do these day . Bootilicious babes who can kick a ** in tiny bikinis - imaging merging Ursula Andress with Michelle Yeoh and a couple of hunky hunks - that 's DOA.Not Academy Award material-lah but just fun.P / S Corey Yuen should direct a Bond flim . It would be a as bootilicious as Dr No and Thunderball . I miss the Pussy Galore in films today .
 I keep hearing how bad this movie was from friends and they keep telling me not to buy it.Well , I bought it and I was not dissapointed . In fact , I love it!It has a good story and characters were introduced perfectly . I am not that familiar with the game but I love fighting games in general . This is truly indeed one of the best video game movies out there . The action is just neverending and the actors and actresses they picked for each characters played it perfectly ! They even have the DOA Volleyball scenes in there so they did cover all aspects of the game . I gave it 5 stars for it is truly indeed entertaining ! : - D
 You have to admire a movie that admits what it is and who it is for . Not a lot of movies out there do that . This is , as another reviewer points out , a true guilty pleasure . The fight scenes are amazing , beautifully done , and leave you breathless . And yes , the women are attractive , but would you expect anything else from a movie based upon a video game ? I have to admit , I dont really play fight games . I tend to enjoy the rpgs . Still , this is a great movie when you want only to have your brain numbed after a long week of work . The acting is n't too bad and the characters are wonderful to watch . I really give this movie a high review because it admits what it is and what it is for . Watch it .
 Before watching this movie , check your brain at the door.This movie is the best bad movie I have seen in years . It does n't pretend to be anything other than a bad action movie , and in it 's own right it sucks and rocks all at the same time.If you love a good `` bad '' action movie , this flick is all about it !
 I used to be a fan of the games , back when I played video games . So the movie got my attention . Not enough to see it in the cinema , but upon its DVD release this week I bought it on impluse without even seeing it . I 'm happy with the purchase after watching it yesterday . I was very worried this was going to be real bad and I be pissed spending full price for it . But not so . I 'm a 28 y/o guy . I 'm not a teenage boy , and still the movie had enough sex appeal just like the game to keep my intrest . I found the film entertaining throughout & funny in parts and stupid in others . They even throw in beach volleyball like the game ... clever . I do agree with other reviewers Christie is very appealing , and same for Helena ... I did n't care to much for Tina 's character in the film though.Overall if you like alot of eye candy with cool action sequences , then you 'll enjoy the film I think . They should have made it more violent & sexier with an R rating ... my personal thought . .
 I had no expectations one way or the other walking into the theater to see D.O.A. . When my friends and I came out , we talked and laughed about it for an hour . This movie knows its limitations and never takes itself too seriously , but has the interesting flavor of pretending its a serious movie all the way through . -LRB- It turns out there 's a big , visible difference between thinking you 're a serious low budget movie and playing pretend . -RRB- Ridiculous things will happen with actors and actresses approaching their jobs in character and straight-faced , allow the viewer to indulge in a very pleasant vacation from reality.While it could n't successfully translate the actual plot line of the video games to the big screen , D.O.A. is shockingly full of nods to the series . You can tell that the team actually played and paid attention to the source material . While Kasumi and Hayabusa have switched roles -LRB- Kasumi the serious ninja and Hayabusa a little wide eyed -RRB- , this was necessary , after all , to keep the Super Ninja from dominating the movie . All the other characters strongly reference their original characters , with wonderful little surprises throughout for those of us who have played the video game series casually or competitively . The plot itself is a hybrid of the plot lines of the various games.Did I mention the martial arts sequences are brilliantly shot and incredibly well choreographed ? They are excellent . Little more needs to be said . Fans of martial arts flicks will not be disappointed.This little gem does everything it can with what it has to work with , showcasing some fantastic action in a smart framework . D.O.A. is downright fun .
 It 's too cool to be a movie ... probally why it started out as a video game ... fun watch for the whole family .
 Maybe I should n't go that far , but it is a pleasure to watch . It 's a movie based on the DOA fighting game franchise , and it actually lives up to the name . It 's pretty much all fan-service ; Hot chicks in bikinis fighting each-other , playing beach volleyball , and giving each-other sensual massages . Is it stupid ? yes , but , as I stated , at LEAST it follows the plot of the games pretty accurately . Yeah , it 's a smutty action movie , but it 's also a lot of fun to watch . It should really be watched at least once , if just for Eric Roberts and his antics.The action 's good , too , although some of it can be a bit ridiculous . So , if you happen to enjoy watching movies of hot girls fight each-other in the martial-arts without being burdened by pointless things like story and plot , this is totally a movie for you . I know the movie is silly , the movie is aware that it 's silly . If you go in expecting anything else , you need to re-read this review .
 Let me start off by saying that this probably is the BEST video-game adaptation to film I 've ever seen . The plot from the video-games is lifted whole and intact and placed in this theatrical film . This is far more than I can say for recent vid-game adaptations `` Silent Hill '' and `` Doom '' . The characters are very much who they were in the game and in some cases thier personalities are richer and much more deeply explored . The game is a kick-@$$ fighting game and this movie is a kick-@$$ movie about fighting ... simple as that . Do n't look for much more cuz , in truth , this is a somewhat shallow movie . I will say that all the favorite characters get an appearance , however only a handfull from the game play pivitol characters in the movie plot . If you love the D.O.A. games on X-Box and the 360 , you will love the action , plot , and characters of this film . You will also love the filmakers for sticking so very close to the vidoe games that inspired this great action film .
 My grandaughter loves this DVD . I have her nearly every day during the week and her request is always for bananas Elmo . She is two .
 Purchased for my autistic friend who likes to watch the same dvd 's over and over . She was very happy . No problems at all . Thank you
 I purchased this video for my 2yr . old ... she LOVED it !!! I love flowers and so does my baby girl ... even more now ... of course bananas are yummy too but the video also teaches about hair ! I love the way it teaches all kinds of stages in full fun details that even a baby could understand ! Go Elmo !
 This dvd is super cute and my little 14 mo old grandson loves it ! And that 's what that 's about , is n't it ?
 My daughter loves Elmo and we must have watched this at least 100 times over the past year . It 's great to learn counting and colors plus fun songs .
 My daughter has recently developed an addiction to Elmo ; this video is one of a small handfull she asks to watch over and over again .
 My son is 2 years old and he is in love with Elmo !! When we suddenly lost the Elmo and Bananas episode off of our DVR system , we were frantic !! Luckily Amazon has everything ! So we bought the video , he is in love with the show all over again !! He is constantly asking for Elmo -- Bananas !! It is a great show for little ones , it teaches them counting , letters , etc ! So if you have an Elmo lover in your house this is a great pick!Melissa
 If you 're child loves it when elmo dresses up . They will love this elmos world . I bought this one because we had seen the bananas episode on Sesame street and my son loved it . This dvd also explores plants and how theyb grow and hair including hair cuts .
 If your child is like mine , you hear Elmo 's theme song echoing in your head even when your child is not watching it . What can I say this is a fun video for my 20 month old to watch and she is drawn to Elmo like glue ... This one is worth buying .
 The Elmo video 's are great for children . This one makes my grandchildren ask questions .
 Although overall I find the Elmo videos much more annoying than , say , Teletubbies , there are some genuinely intriguing moments here . The emergence of the new Mr. Noodle , Mr. Noodle 's brother , is welcome if a little disturbing -LRB- why another Mr. Noodle ? is there a succession in the works ? -RRB- , as the original Mr. Noodle is at best aloof . There is still the annoying tendency to turn to TV for answers to Elmo 's rather mundane questions -LRB- `` Where can Elmo learn more ? '' -RRB- , and CTW 's ideology of `` making things relevant for kids '' by simulating TV conventions -LRB- `` The Music Channel '' et al -RRB- begs the question of whether they are really simply inflicting television-centric mores and expectations on unconditioned kids.The gem of the video is the `` Top Banana '' skit . In a nod to the early vaudevillian genius of Jerry Lewis and George Burns , the slow burn of repeated `` Thank you '' rimshots -LRB- even Elmo gets into the act -RRB- is genuinely funny , unlike the tired visits from the wishfully-Simpsonesque Old MacDonald or Accordion Man.Given my dauther 's love of Elmo , however , this is a must-have .
 I bought this video almost a year ago and my daughter still watches it once a day . It is cute -LRB- we love the parts with Mr. Noodle , because he is so funny -RRB- and educational in it 's own silly way . I do have to have bananas on hand when she 's watching this video though , because as soon as the banana part comes on , she wants one -LRB- and she knows how to peel it now , thanks to this video -RRB- . A must-have for Elmo fans -LRB- as are all the Elmo 's World videos -RRB- this one is played in our house often .
 After seeing these episodes of `` Elmo 's World '' on Sesame Street numerous times ... I knew that I had to purchase this tape . It is amazing how my son will drop everything he is doing just to see Elmo . I love how the writers of the `` Elmo 's World '' series use Elmo to teach children my son 's age -LRB- 2 yrs -RRB- how to share , about babies & fruit . I recommend Elmo & the rest of the Sesame Street Collection to all parents with young children . I also recommend `` Elmo 's Adventures in Grouchland '' .
 okay , I am a 100 % Disney lover and fan . But I thought I give this a try . My daughter , now 23months , loves Elmo and I thought this would be a nice one to try out . It is so cute and really fun to watch . The segments are brief , fun and loaded with information and humor . WELL DONE . If you like the muppets , you find yourself smiling and giggling at these segments , jokes and puppets . The child will love it as well. ; - -RRB- Elmo is a great master of ceremony in all his DVD 's . I am very impressed and can recommend it . I need to mention the first one I bought was drawing and singing and it does encourage your child to try it yourself . That is actually the magic about all those tapes . The interest and curiosity is being awoken through them . Yes as a parent we do a great job already but is n't it fun to learn with a little friend like Elmo?I can recommend these Elmo 's world DVD 's .
 I got this DVD for my 3 month old since he has developed an interest in music and singing . He loves this video . He can only watch it for 20 minutes or so before he falls asleep , but he laughs and kicks his feet while he is watching it . My husband and I found it to be great when he is bored or fussy for no apparent reason . Some of the other DVDs are more for toddlers , but he really seems to like this one .
 I got this for my 16 months age son he was not in to it till NOW.He just turned two , he is crazzy about Elmo and loves to learn about Bananas . He love to eat banana too :-RRB- . One of Elmo 's best dvd .
 16 Month old daughter loves this DVD !! Please note that parents should have banana 's in fridge when putting in the DVD , my daughter eats a banana each time she watches !!
 My son is 2 , but he 's loved Elmo since he was a month old . This was one of the DVDs I bought him a year ago . He loves Mr. Noodle along with the song they do at the end of the program . At first , I never thought he would quite catch on to Elmo , but at a month old , I had him watching Sesame Street , and he was bouncing like crazy every time Elmo came on ! Even his first word was Elmo ! Now he has this DVD , Wake Up with Elmo ! , Wild Wild West , Best of Elmo , and some others that would take up more space if I named them all !
 One of the best DVD from our Elmo 's collection , everybody loves the `` thank you '' from the Top Banana section . Fully recommended for your toddlers ' attention .
 My son absolutly loves these DVDs . They really hold his attention which is nice for when mom needs to cook dinner , plus they are educational to boot , what more could you ask for ? I love that they encourage kids to be silly and `` act like kids '' , too .
 great for toddlers . educational and fun . my 2 1/2 boy watches almost everyday and loves it . He is learning a lot from it .
 Any one familiar with this genre of &#34; sword & sandals &#34; will thoroughly enjoy this one . And who is n't a fan of theimmortal Steve Reeves . Worth the purchase .
 I am so happy with this dvd . It arrived in good time , packageing was appropriate and the film quality great
 Image Entertainment has released the HERCULES COLLECTION , a four-disc DVD set with various Hercules movies , some I have seen and others I have n't heard of & will be watching . My review might not be all that helpful since I have n't seen all of these movies but I can at least comment on what I have seen . I will also say that you really have to be a die hard 1960s Hercules or Sword & Sandal fan to really like every single one of them . None of them are all time classics , but a few do stand out as better than average & can be a lot of fun to watch.Some of them that I have seen -LRB- not in this set -RRB- can be really slow/tedious viewings , heavy on film padding for 100 minute running times . These can be a little overlong with too much dialog and not enough action . I like the ones where Hercules battles a monster . The English dubbing is ok for the most part although it would be cool to have English subs as an option.Here is the list of movies in this set . . HERCULES - this is the one with Steve Reeves - not bad - this is better than a lot of the follow ups & offshoots . Hercules goes on a long journey , loses his powers , meets up with Amazon women , fights a monster that sounds like Godzilla for the Golden Fleece . This one had a lot more adventure/good plot than later entries and they seemed to try with this , since it was the first of the whole Hercules series of movies . It is n't bad at all . All things considered , it is decent . This was an MST3K experiement , which was a good episode but the movie was heavily cut so it was hard to follow . I can watch this with or without the MST treatment.MOLE MEN AGAINST THE SON OF HERCULES - This has Maciste fighting Mole People all throughout the movie non stop . The Mole People are laughable people wearing white with a Christopher Lloyd as Dr Emmett Brown -LRB- Back to the Future -RRB- hairdo . It isnt bad when you are in the mood for some campy Hercules related movie . Full frame , looks like a VHS quality print.HERCULES THE AVENGER - I have n't seen this one , but heard it has stock footage of other Reg Park as Hercules moviesHERCULES AND THE BLACK PIRATE - never heard of this oneHERCULES AND THE CAPTIVE WOMEN - I did a review on this one before and this one is a favorite of mine , very entertaining as Hercules sleeps a lot and had goofy looks on his face . That aside , he fights a monster called Proteus and an army of blond haired men led by Fay Spain . This was paced pretty well and was a decent fantasy - Reg Park as Herc . Fun to watch either in an MST3K or non MST3K format . It is what I would call wild and wooly . . HERCULES , PRISONER OF EVIL - This one was also ok , a little above average . This one Herc -LRB- Reg Park -RRB- becomes a werewolf . . a witchcraft story.HERCULES AND THE PRINCESS OF TROY - this one was a 1 hour pilot I believe - Herc battles a really cool looking sea monster - but he is not on screen long enough . The monster saves the movie and Herc saves the people from the monster.ATLAS IN THE LAND OF THE CYCLOPS - this one I found to be really dull where Atlas fights a one eyed monster - it is a tedious going until the fighting at the end.GIANTS OF ROME - I do n't think Ive seen this one.There are reviews of these titles all over the web . Now that I have this set I can tell you these are all the same exact releases from Retromedia put together to make one box set . This is basically a double dip . There is nothing new to report other than Retromedia released these as singles a few years ago - so if you own those , you can either hold on to them or go for the box set at a great price . . Die hard Herc fans will love this set , and I think those on the fence wondering if they should buy it should actually give it a try . Some are good , some are n't , but the price for all of these movies make this a bargain even it is a double dip . If you do n't own them all and want to have them in a cool box set , here is a chance to own a lot of Hercules movies for a low price
 VERY NICE BOX , QUICK DELIVERYALL THE BEST , ERIC
 FANTASTIC . Loved all the songs . It was good quality picture and sound . We should of bought it instead of renting it !!
 The music and actual concert is f stars , my only complaint is the video quality could be better . Woild absoloutly recommend
 This doc follows a political career over its arc . That 's fascinating right now , but in 10 years this doc might be utterly forgotten . That 's because a political career is not a character . Or at least it was n't in this doc.Enron did a much better job of tracking the rising hubris and avarice of characters and weaving a compelling story from that.This doc did do a good job of noting the extent to which politics is both petty and owned by big business - without unduly underscoring it or hitting the audience over the head with it.Anyway , it 's a letdown after expecting another Enron , but it 's still better than 95 % + of the docs out there . At least these guys know the basics of documentary filmmaking , which apparently was written in a single book that got lost in the last decade .
 i was fascinated by elliot spitzer 's fall from political grace due to his use of a prostitution ring . thus , when i heard about this documentary about it , i was eager to see it . one big difference that is immediately apparent is that just about everyone is willing to talk , including spitzer himself . we get everyone 's perspective , including call girls , procurers , billionaire businessmen and pundits.spitzer is by no means all bad . he was an amazingly effective attorney general who was a tireless litigator . he policed wall street like no one else dared . he ruined careers of those who deserved to be ruined . he also collected powerful enemies who kept their eyes on him as he moved into becoming governor . these enemies were waiting for spitzer to make a massive blunder and he did with personally using prostitutes.the ironic thing is that i think spitzer chose prostitutes over mistresses because he did n't have the time or interest in doing anything beyond relieving sexual needs . he was wealthy . he could buy the best , do the deed and forget about it . or so he thought . perhaps in another country this would n't even have been enough to bring him down . but america has always had problems with politicians with messy sex lives . if you ca n't keep yours under wraps in america , usually you are finished in politics . this , of course , was true for spitzer.the unfolding of his story has all the elements of a shakespearean play . however , you do n't need to look to the lofty heights of the theater to see spitzer being played out in the arts . Just turn on `` the good wife '' any sunday night , a hit tv show spawned by spitzer 's case.great documentary !
 He did his job , but he did it too well . They cheered on wall street when he was bought down . What does that say about Wall Street ? What this says to me is , we can go back to taking people 's money with nobody governing us . Shame on companies like AIG and our government backing and supporting factions that brought him down not because he was doing something wrong to himself or to his family . They brought him down because they want to do and was doing even worse to the American public and he was the only one trying to stop it .
 Excellent documentary . Well told , well paced . Good interviews , good editing , some good music . Fascinating story of a man brought down by his own hubris and hypocrisy , but an even better story about the forces that helped push him over the edge . Well worth watching .
 I salute Eliot Spitzer for what he did . He made enemies because he did n't let corporate giants get away with their fraud .
 The honest and those who fight for justice are punished and those who lie , steal , cheat and revel in debauchery are rewarded . After watching this go and see ` Devils Advocate ' with Al Pacino and you will look at that film with a new understanding . We needed Spitzer and Wall Streets gain is our loss .
 This is a compelling movie , Eliot Spitzer clearly made a mistake and owns it but , the federal governments role in the case is despicable . Interesting that Wall Street fell off a cliff after Spitzer was out of the game . Ashley Dupre 's role in this scandal was miniscule though she has benefited greatly . The former CEO of AIG and powerful enemy of Spitzers ' closing remarks say it all , when asked how much his AIG stock is worth now he says `` Nothing ... $ 120 Million '' In the world of the Wall Street CEO 's $ 120 millions is nothing . Spitzer had tried to change this . I hope this aids in Spitzers comeback .
 This movie is going to attract some claims of bias because it tells a story of political gamesmanship wherein Republicans clearly destroy a Democrat using some unsavory tactics , but consider this :1 . Every single Republican whose involvement in anything unsavory is insinuated in the movie appears on camera and not only gets to defend themselves , but tell their own version of the story .2 . It tells its story very methodically , using almost exclusively primary sources .3 . It does , I think , a great job of disclosing its biases and making absolutely clear the shortcomings and holes in its own theories .4 . It certainly does n't make Spitzer look good . It humanizes him , but if there was a bias at work here , you 'd expect a prettier picture to be painted.Also , it 's damn good television . Just the fact that it contains so many primary sources makes it a much better than average documentary . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Be ready . This film is riveting . Two hours will fly by and you 'll want more . I never knew about Mr. Spitzer fighting wall street slime ! No wonder they took him down . And somehow , Mr Gibney got the main sleazeballs to agree to be interviewed . Joe Bruno , Ken Langone , Maurice `` do n't call me Maurice ! '' Greenberg ... Whatever you thought you knew about Eliot Spitzer , you were wrong . Alex Gibney 's work is masterful , a must see .
 This was a very detailed , insightful documentary regarding the life of Eliot Spitzer who was Attorney General , then Governor of the State of New York . He did a great work in exposing and prosecuting Wall Street corruption , but got into trouble himself when he decided to hire prostitutes to satisfy his own lusts . One thing that I found interesting is that the corrupt Wall Street men refuse to admit to any wrong doing and defend stealing from the government/our tax monies , but Spitzer acknowledged and willingly accepted the consequences of his wrong doing . That , in my mind , puts him head and shoulders above the men he was trying to expose and prosecute . Very interesting to watch and gives a better understanding as to how the corrupt Wall Street criminals are stealing money without any guilt .
 This is a great movie for familys to watch , it deals with faith and hope and realy shows what family is all about !
 Jake 's Corner was an inspiration movie out of a vist from Jeff Santos -LRB- Son of Cub 's Star Ron Santos -RRB- . The Storyline if good with colorful characters . The music selections , many from B.J. Thomas who sings Rock 'n Roll Lullaby and When the Hero Dies . This DVD has a special segment specifically on B.J. Thomas and his work on the film to include site filming and the aforementioned songs.Overall , great entertainment and good storyline .
 Filmed in Tonto Basin , Arizona which shows the historical site with a heart-warming story that shows caring and love from several types of characters . It has humor , and has some good guy bad guy examples for youth . We stayed in this area during the winter months and it gave us fond memories of the area and the versatile folks that visit Jakes corner .
 Jake 's Corner is a very enjoyable movie , especially when I realized that I had been to the REAL Jake 's Corner which is an old Stage Coach Stop just northeast of Phoenix . It is still in operation and is just like it is depicted in the movie , comfortable and homey with good food . Richard Tyson and Diane Ladd were very good but it is a young actor from Phoenix that steals the show . It is good family entertainment with family values at heart thanks to Jeff Santo . As always , B. J. Thomas does a great job with the music soundtrack . I highly recommend it !
 This is a great story . I bought it because I 'm a many-years fan of B.J. Thomas . I enjoyed seeing him but he was just a part of a great movie . !
 This is a very heartwarming movie and the characters are entertaining . For those of us who have driven in the area where the movie was filmed , it is kinda neat . It is a `` safe '' movie for all members of the family to enjoy . There is humor mixed amongst movie , my favorite reference is to The University of Arizona having a Heisman trophy winner .
 Inspired by a true story , Jake 's Corner is a movie set in a small rest stop for travelers crossing the harsh Arizona desert . Ex-football star Johnny Dunn left the game early in his career to live a quiet life , but his world is turned upside down when he is suddenly responsible for his young nephew Spence . The boy 's innocence transforms this small town of adults , who get to teach him more about the world even as they learn from him . A heartwarming narrative , enhanced with a `` behind the scenes '' bonus feature , Jake 's Corner is highly recommended for personal movie collections and as an enjoyable gift . 97 min. , rated PG .
 Richard Tyson -LRB- Black Hawk Down , Something About Mary , Kindergarten Cop -RRB- as Johnny Dunn gives the performance of his career as an NFL star who owns an isolated town in the high desert of Arizona . Dunn 's life is forever changed when his young nephew comes to live with him . This is a heartrending and finely nuanced film . The cast includes a fantastic Danny Trejo -LRB- Heat , Grindhouse -RRB- who goes far away from his usual tough guy role and plays a simple and sympathetic man . It 's also a pleasure to see 3-Time Academy Award Nominee Diane Ladd -LRB- Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore , Wild at Heart -RRB- return to the big screen . There are great moments of comedy mainly from David Della Rocco -LRB- Boondock Saints -RRB- who plays the town grill master . 5-Time Grammy Winner BJ Thomas -LRB- Hooked on a Feelin , Somebody Done Somebody Wrong Song -RRB- is superb as the town doctor and saloon singer . Thomas sings a few new tracks in this film and his voice is as pure as it was when he sang the Academy Award winning song `` Raindrops Keep Fallin on my Head '' from Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid.This is a film that you should watch with your family . It runs the gamut of emotions . Jake 's Corner is optimistic and implores all of us as humans to `` keep on keeping on '' ... I recommend people `` keep on seeing '' this film .
 So says the coming attraction trailer on this chiller theatre opusTerror strikes a small mid-west community in the form of a spanish7-ft tall conquistdator reawakened from a suspended animated sleep by a freak lightning bolt.This low budget 1958 film is more memorable for sporting the scoreof the great Albert Glasser than anything . This image dvd is greatfor this type Saturday matinee stuff . The picture is the clearestprint that I 've seen of this film in quite sometime of course thatspecial feature trailer which makes it complete .
 I have always been very fond of this film . A giant Spanish Conquistador comes back to life and goes on a rampage in this Richard Cunha sci-fi gem . I love everyone in the cast especially Morris Ankrum and the always lovely Sally Forest . The small town setting adds a wonderful charm to this picture . 5 stars all the way !!!
 I really love this film because it came from monsterdom 's greatest era , the 50 's and because of the title character , played by Buddy Baer . He also played the giant in Abbott and Costello 's Jack and the Beanstalk . Any film made in this era , either sci-fi or horror can only be deservedly called a classic . Giant from the Unkown is no exception . Thank you Englewood video for releasing all these horror classics on video and allowing this monster freak to enjoy some of these lost classics I have been dying to see . Giant from the Unknown should be scen by all monster boomers because it will bring back all those matinee memories of monsters !
 The Image DVD overall looks pretty good . However , there are 2-3 breaks in the picture which look like poor DVD production . Other than that , no complaints . In full-screen .
 This is the type of film you 'd see on your favorite horror host show . `` Giant from the Unknown '' is a very good film that gets overlooked a lot . If you ever find the film on TV . . watch it ! or better yet , buy it ! . . and see for yourself , that this film is truly different than your average cheese horror film . Highly Recommended !
 The story ... Strange deaths , animals , humans , ripped up ... Hero is suspected because he trespassed on victim 's land . Scientific-type & daughter arrive looking for vanished conquistador & befriend hero . Buried conquistador revives & goes on killing spree ... Great location -LRB- Big Bear , Ca . -RRB- shooting , PRISTINE PRINT that looks as though it were shot yesterday , & former cowboy hero Bob Steele as the top law officer make this a MUST-HAVE for 50 's Horror/Sci-fi fans !!!! I enjoyed this ... my wife enjoyed this -LRB- & she 's not partial to this stuff ... -RRB- . The end scene at the `` mill '' was shot at the same location used for so many Roy Rogers , etc. . B-Westerns ... Republic Mountie Serials & others ... GREAT STUFF ... NOT TO BE MISSED !!!
 The picture quality of this DVD is very good . The movie itself , simply put is allot of fun . The characters are interesting to watch -LRB- especially nosy Sheriff Parker -RRB- and although the story sounds stupid , somehow it all seems to work . I think I 've watched this DVD more than any other . All in all , an excellant B-movie . Tom Phillips
 I HAD FORGOTEN ABOUT THIS MOVIE . I SAW IT WHEN I WAS A TEENAGER . THESE OLD HORROR MOVIES REALLY TAKE ME BACK.THE COPY WAS GOOD , PICTURE CLEAR AND SOUND GOOD . SEEING MY FAVORITE TV STAR FROM CHLDHOOD WAS GREAT . GOOD OLD BOB STEEL WAS DIFFERENT NOT IN A WESTERN FOR A CHANGE .
 Just as corny kewl as I remembered it . Great locations in the San Bernardino Mts .
 The picture qaulity of this DVD is very good . The movie itself , simply put is allot of fun . The characters are interesting to watch -LRB- especially nosy Sheriff Parker -RRB- and although the story sounds stupid , somehow it all seems to work . I think I 've watched this DVD more than any other . All in all , an excellant B-movie . Tom Phillips
 Campy fun from simpler days , this movie is a real treat .
 I absolutely loved his imitation of his white grandpa . I hear old folks talk like that , black and white . He does say the n-word a lot , but I think he 's saying that moreso to refer to his buddies or just as an interjection . Granted , if a white guy said that onstage , we 'd never hear the end of it in the press.His family was pretty interesting as well ... made it be known that Eddie got his start by hard work and being creative rather than some follower brother who just sits around listening to Tupac and gets his start without having pie-in-the-sky overboard dreams like so many other black stars who get one hit and try to live like Bill Gates . Yeah , his Uncle Bucky is funny but he 's probably as trustworthy as a stray dog around a table full of McDonald 's quarter pounders . His Uncle Curtis is hilarious -LRB- I sure do love hairy p *** y -RRB- - Amen , no doubt ! - with his porno dreams and his mother seems like your average loving Midwestern hardworking woman.Eddie 's show is some smal tidbits from his Voodoo Child days , but it does the job of being funny by itself.The audience track is WAY too loud though , sometimes muffling up what Griffin is saying .
 Dysfunktional FamilyI enjoy watching stand-up comedians , and have seen many , many , many talented comedians . Since `` laughter is the best medicine '' , this specific show by Eddie Griffin is as good as adding 20 + years to your life . I have never laughed so hard , and was in actual pain -LRB- stitches in my sides -RRB- , tears streaming , throat sore , carpet abused from my rolling repeatedly on it . Hahaha!OK , now ... just a warning , for those who do NOT like vulgar language
 I do n't knock Eddie Griffin for his language nor do I feel that people who curse are ignorant . I curse like a sailor but I am a Junior at UC-Berkeley , one of the most prestigious universities on this planet . Its just comedy , I find it freakin ' hilarious because alot of the things he said were true . Some of the things he said , many would agree on but would be too afraid to say it themselves . I give the man much props for that stand up because it was five star comedy !
 This movie was comedy.I laughed the whole time . I cant wait till it comes out to buy it . i highly reccomend this movie to anybody who likes to laugh . He is very funny and talented . One of the funniest stand up comedy pieces I 've seen in a long time .
 Eddie Griffin 's DysFunktional Family is a pretty funny movie if you like urban comedy . Griffin touches on everything from sex & 9/11 to religion and family . His stand up routines were every funny and he 's a natural in front of the camera . The movie is n't for all tastes and sure the movie has bad editing but who cares , it 's a stand up film . If you want a good laugh then check this one out .
 This was hysterical . I was in tears . The jokes were funny and his family is a hoot . The only warning is that it is pretty vulgar , so if you 're easily offended do n't get it . I 'm surprised it was n't rated X ! But I plan to watch it again or at least buy it ! I highly recommend it . Much funnier than Jamie Foxx 's DVD !
 its was hella funny , but when I got the package the DVD case was cracked and DVD was rolling around in the case .
 Other people rating this seem to downgrade it based on cussing . I do n't have a problem with cussing - this is in the tradition of Richard Pryor , Eddie Murphy , and others - and it ranks up there with them . If you expect something else , that 's your bad . This is some of the funniest stand-up I have ever seen , he had me crying . The man is hilarious , and needs to put out more of this type of off-the-chain material , instead of being all bottled-up on Malcolm and Eddie and Baby Daddy and stuff like that . I feel like this is the REAL Eddie Griffin.Also , this is called a documentary of him returning home , but that 's inaccurate , it 's a stand-up show with cuts of his family and hometown interspersed .
 I do n't know why there 's so many bad reviews about this dvd . Eddie Griffin is a great comedian and incorporated parts of his life to better tell his story . He did use the `` N '' word excessively but so what ? Rappers do it all the time to express themselves but everyone is complaining about him using the word for some reason . I think his standup routine comes in close second to Dave Chapelle 's `` Killin Em Softly '' .
 First I do n't know Why people get offended by things said in stand up comedy knowing that if it says on the back of the dvd case rated R It 's gon na have some words that will offend people who have virgin ears . In Dysfunctional Family I have to salute Eddie Griffen because I truly did doubt his capability to perform a descent stand up let alone a great one but he sure pulled it off . In Dysfunctional Family Eddie basically talks about his life and obviously his hard and good times with his Dysfunktional Family . I was surprised how he even made jokes about the really hard times with his family and made them hilarious like having to live with his uncle for a bit and watching him do drugs , or when he first met his father when he was a teen . Some of these stories are outrageous but you believe them because his family is there the whole time talking and laughing about the stories . Eddie Griffen surely does have a unique and Dysfunktional Family and I 'm glad he shared their stories . This is a great stand up every time I see this I 'm laughing for the next few days trying to get theese jokes out of my system .
 With an R rating on its package , what did people expect ? Rainbows and fuzzy bears popping out of the box ??? I 'm sorry to say , but people should know what they are getting into . It 's not exactly uncommon for profanity or other `` offensive '' content to be thrown around in a stand up comedy . If you want something that 's not so controversial , stick with the PG stuff . We all need to ease up on the sensitivity issue and lighten up , esp when you 're watching a stand up ...
 This is a pretty good DVD . One has to hand it to Eddie for revealing such dysfunctional family behaviour that would usually be kept secret . He has really aired the dirty laundry on this show . The good thng about it is that ALL families have a degree of dysfunctionality about them.There are several sidesplitting jokes to be enjoyed by all . The jokes are indeed quite funny , but I have to say that I have heard very similar jokes told by Richard Pryor . In fact , the similarities extend into Eddie 's physical humour . Perhaps it evidence of Pryor 's influence on comedians that came after him that there should be such striking similarities.As is customary with Griffin performances , it 's all about the jokes . There is precious little socio-plitical commentary . that is okay though , because the jokes are good enough to keep you interested . I for one , prefer to watch satirists and socio-political commentators of high calibre -LRB- eg Chris Rock , Dave Chappelle and Michael Colyar -RRB- . Eddie is the funniest guy I know who does little commentary.I would strictly rate this dvd at 70 % , but our 5 star rating system does not permit . Worth watching
 eddie giffin is by far the best stand up comedian ever.who cares if he cusses and uses the n word . he makes up with jokes and how he talks about his real life growing up . it was inspiring and hilarious . i highly reccomend this movie/documentary/stand up comedy .
 i think eddie is one of the funniest comedians , but if youre easily offended stay away becasue he holds nothing back . i thought this was very funny i also really enjoyed his i got the hook up stand up dvd . i was in tears . if you only wan na buy one , i would recommend that one but if you want two then get this one too they are both very funny but the other one is just crazy !
 Hands-down , the funniest stand-up comedian I have ever seen . If you are sensitive to cuss words , do n't see it . Other than that , its hilarious .
 I love eddie griffin . His stand up had me laughing my butt off . The movie was in great condition came in brand new ! And delivered to my home a few days before the expected delivery date . I will order from them again and again .
 Joe + Belle is a pleasant surprise , a sharp observant indie flick that pokes fun at love and politics in Israel I usually only hear about Israel because there is a rocket flying around somewhere in the country . The protagonists Joe + and Belle are street smart 20 something girls who develop and thing for each other and go on the lam after committing murder . The supporting actors are engaging and the script is funny and slyly subversive . The production values are OK , the Director has made a good film in spite of not having a big budget . Worth a look !
 ... yes , indeed ! Not ordinary way to tell a story . Extraordinary movie . I really like it . I recommend to buy and watch . It is worth it !
 What a different and awesome movie . I really enjoyed this and ca n't wait to see what else this young lady comes out with !!!
 Described by some as a lesbian `` Thelma and Louise '' or `` Thelma & Louise and Reservoir Dogs in equal parts , '' comes `` Joe + Belle , '' a delightful and spicy drama , spiked with comedy , from Israel - a true kick-butt love story , for lack of better words.The film begins with Joe -LRB- Veronica Kedar -RRB- , arriving to Israel from New York , saying , `` The city I hate in a country -LRB- Israel -RRB- I have nothing to do with . I dream of getting -LSB- profanity -RSB- out of here one day , but I also know that no matter where I go , I always feel -LSB- profanity -RSB- , so ... I just stay . '' Cut to Belle -LRB- the sexy Sivan Levy -RRB- , who is just released from a psychiatric ward , and is arriving home with what I take is her mother . She is unhappy with recent events in her home , and decides to go away . Watching from the roof of the building in which she lives , she sees Joe 's apartment , and decides to break in . Joe , of course , is not amused and wants her out , but Belle does n't give up . One thing lets to another , and Belle ends up accidentally killing Joe 's ex-boyfriend and current boyfriend of Abigail -LRB- Romi Aboulafia -RRB- -- Abigail and Joe are dope dealers . This murder sets up a series of hilarious events that send Joe and Belle on the run from the police , with the lead cop being Abigail 's ex-lover . You can imagine the rest.Helmed by Veronica Kedar -LRB- Joe -RRB- , `` Joe + Belle '' has also been described as a dark comedy , which may be the case . It has smart , funny dialogue , great performances , and sensuality . I guarantee that you 'll love it . The DVD includes a making-of feature , music videos , and more . -LRB- Israel , 2011 , color , 80 min plus additional materials -RRB- . Reviewed on July 1 , 2012 by Eric Gonzalez for Wolfe Video .
 I think that the story line for this movie was great . The idea of someone breaking into your house and refusing to leave is hysterical . Well , on screen at least . I enjoyed the twists and turns and even found myself cheering for Joe and Belle . This was a great movie and deserving of the awards it received . I am eager to see what 's next for Ms. Kedar ! Good stuff !
 its realy a funny movie ! just great fun watching it!realy recommands to see it . . : -RRB- great acting and not your avarege love story
 I love independent films and this is one of the best . Kudos to Ronni and her friends . Looking forward to 5.5 days in Berlin .
 Christmas Do-Over is a heartwarming and funny holiday movie that will always be my favorite Christmas movie . It 's just amazing . You got ta have it !
 This movie is like Groundhog Day , but at the Christmas season . It is also a teaching tool in regards to the Christmas spirit of giving instead of receiving .
 This movie is hysterical ! It 's along the principle of Ground Hog Day but 1000 % better ! Jay Mohr is excellent in this film . I first saw it three years ago just before Christmas and have found myself looking forward to it every year . I consider it the new Christmas Classic - right up there with `` It 's a Wonderful Life '' , `` The Christmas Story '' , and a few other holiday favorites.Add it to your collection before it 's hard to find .
 This DVD was clean and funny . So much so I had to get my brother this DVD .
 Bah ! Humbug ! To all the negative reviews . Forget the comparisons to Ground Hog Day which bites anyway . This movie is fun and amusing and has a great ending . It 's part of my Christmas collection and I look forward to watching it every year with family and friends during the holiday season . Even the little ones enjoy it too ! Some folks need to lighten up and enjoy the season and this movie is good for a few laughs .
 My family LOVES this movie ! It 's the first one we choose at the start of the Christmas season . I really do n't understand the negative reviews . It 's clean , funny , and in a beautiful setting . It 's made for TV -LRB- abc family -RRB- , which we like because there is more of a chance we can all watch together -LRB- parents in 40 's , 10-yr-old son , and grandmother -RRB- . I will admit , the DVD version is slightly different from the TV version -LRB- we liked the TV one better -RRB- , but it did n't stop us from buying a copy . Give it a chance !
 I am probably the only one who will give a positive review , but I thouroughly enjoyed this film . A Jay Mohr fan , I enjoyed his portrayal of a self-centered man who needs to realize what 's important around the holidays . Do I think it 's a rip-off of Groundhog Day ? Yes . Do I like Groundhoug Day better ? Yes . BUT this is very good for what it is .
 A fun movie ... great for all . Similar to Groundhog day , you watch the main character `` grow up '' living Christmas Eve over and over again . a light fun movie for the Christmas holiday 's !! Characters are enjoyable and real and the acting is good .
 I absolutely loved this movie . I watched it several times over the Christmas holidays when it was first aired on TV . It is a great family movie !
 This movie is definitely one that is worth watching ! Yes , it is like Groundhog 's Day and Christmas Everyday , that is what makes it so great ! I personally think the comedy is even better in this one .
 funny movie , great christmas movie . we watch it every christmas and are please to own it . you will enjoy it
 My family have always loved it . We always look for it at Christmas . And now we can watch whenever we want .
 Who does n't want to live Christmas Every day ? Well , if you were Ebeneezer Scrooge , or someone just like him , you sure would n't . But , if you had to do it over and over again , eventually you would learn , no matter how long it took ! When a big boulder blocks Jay Mohr 's way out of town , you just know that the fun is about to begin . His speech at the dinner table and attempts at singing Christmas carols are killer , and the image of that boulder looking pretty much like a giant baked potato make this a classic!I 'm sure that you will hear people complain that Christmas Do-Over borrows much from other films , but who cares ? This is one of the funniest , most adorable and family-friendly Christmas movies ever ! The laughs are just great for people of every age , especially if you think you would enjoy a good slug-out-with Santa , `` Jesus , '' and some giant green `` Peas on Earth ! ''
 Jay Mohr and Daphne Zuniga are hilarious in this clean holiday comedy . When Kevin drives to see his son Ben for Christmas he is greeted coldly by his ex and her parents . When he finds out that a huge boulder has blocked his way out of town he decides to make the best of it ... or the worst of it ! At dinner Ben enjoys his dad 's company so much that he wishes everyday could be Christmas . When his wish comes true it forces Kevin to relive the day over and over . Through trial and error Kevin will realize what is really important!This is a fantastical , heartwarming holiday movie set with a `` Groundhog Day '' feel . It is sure to become a Christmas time do over for you and your family .
 This -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- is one of the best scary movies that I 've seen . Peter o'toole did n't do that well , but everyone else did . This is also very original
 it was a scary movie especially the first 20 mins or so . i was wondering if id make it through the movie w/o a heart condition . but then the movie turns less creepy once u find out what these people are up against . its one of the best movies ive seen in a while . i enjoyed it just as much as i enjoyed alien resurecction
 If you hate Science Fiction than you may not like this movie . But if you love Sci-Fi horror I would recommend purchasing this movie now and watch it at night with all the lights turned off and your surround sound system turned up!Dean Knootz is a MASTER at suspense ! I heard the book Phantoms is better so buy the novel if you are looking for a good read . However , the movie was VERY good.Basic Overview
 I did n't want to give it 4 stars except for the redeeming value of one of it 's actors and for the scary suspense that it managed to carry nearly throughout the movie . Liev Schrieber as the nasty Stu Wargle is an absolute gem in the dark . Physically not a match for the `` book '' Wargle , even without the verbal nastiness of the original Schrieber gets his character across with absolute clarity . Peter O'Toole is always good and he did the Timothy Flyte character justice . Once again , while not true the book , it still worked . Everyone else in the movie -LRB- and honestly , even O'Toole -RRB- could have been replaced with any actors with adequate ability . I wish they 'd have had all the deputies from the book and had allowed one or two of them to last a bit longer.If not for Schrieber and the build up of suspense I probably would have gone for 3 1/2 otherwise . The reason being the special effects which keeps a decent horror movie from being a great horror movie . They 're bloody awful . The creature in the horrible CLOVERFIELD was better than this . Yes , I know the monsters were different but if a low budget loser like CLOVERFIELD can make a credible monster , then PHANTOMS should have managed something a whole lot better . Actually wondered if the same person who did Carpenter 's THE THING was involved in this monster also.The book is wonderful . One of my favorite Koontz 's efforts . Plot
 _ Phantoms _ is the first movie that I seen ever adapted from one of Dean Koontz 's works . I found it pretty entertaining overall , a decent if not brilliant science fiction-horror movie.The basic premise is that two sisters are heading to a quiet Colorado mountain town by the name of Snowfield . The older sister , a Dr. Jenny Pailey , played by Joanna Going , is wanting to get her younger sibling Lisa -LRB- played by the rather attractive Rose McGowan -RRB- out of Los Angeles , away to a place where it is safe and away from influences Jenny does not approve of . Snowfield would seem just the right place , a quiet town of I believe 400 or so , one with little shops , an old town square type of town one sees throughout rural America . Very early in the movie it is established that Snowfield is not within cell phone range as Lisa 's phone cuts out as Jenny drives through a tunnel . Though that is something Jenny was looking forward to - completely cutting off Lisa from L.A. - it soon proves to be a rather Bad Thing.The town is very quiet . Too quiet . No one is out and about , they do n't see anyone walking , anyone driving , no one is in any of the stores or restaurants . For a time I really enjoyed the ominous feeling of a deserted town , not a ghost town but a once living , breathing town where something really horrible has happened very recently , a place where life froze in its track and signs of violence or anything amiss is not at first obvious , just the eerie discovery that everyone suddenly vanished , food still on the table , lights left on . Some investigation by the two reveals that everyone is dead , just bits and pieces of bodies of a few of the citizens left in a horrific manner . It is not clear - at first - why those parts were left in such an obviously disturbing manner , but is it more than enough information to prompt the two sisters to flee.Before they can get out they run into Sheriff Hammond , played by Ben Affleck , and two deputies , one of them by the name of Stu , played by Liev Schrieber . They join forces and try to find not only what happened but if they can even get out of the town . They discuss various theories - some shot down by Jenny , who has extensive medical training - but soon found out to their horror than the disappearances are still going on.I am not giving away too much I think by saying it is a monster at work . Or monsters . I liked the premise of the creature , the idea of where it came from , its possibly influence on humanity -LRB- revealed when we later meet Peter O'Toole 's character , a journalist who has made it one of his life 's works to study the creature , in an eerie monologue -RRB- , and there was at last an interesting explanation of not just why a monster might attack people but why it would also want to scare them too . There were some interesting twists and turns and a few parts - as some reviewers mentioned , with a giant moth in a scene that reminded me of some of the events in the later Stephen King movie _ The Mist _ - that were pretty scary . I liked Affleck as the sheriff , Schrieber was good throughout the movie , playing a really creepy guy even before what happened to him -LRB- see the movie -RRB- , and I enjoyed the cast in general . There were some good scares , I did n't find it particularly gory , and I liked the monster even if the effects used to depict it were just adequate -LRB- though not distractingly bad or anything -RRB- .
 awesome movie . I saw this when it first came out a while ago . And , it 's still a great horror flick today .
 This movie began with two sisters , chatting away like normal sisters do . But when they arrive int he town , everyone has mysteriously died , except the sheriff -LRB- Ben Affleck -RRB- and two other deputies . When they begin to find severed heads in ovens and giant butterflies killing people , they know that no human could be doing this . About half way through this movie , you alomost find yourself turning the movie off because it seems like there could n't be any plot to tie this movie together , but not till the end does it tie the movie together in a science/horror kind of way that only the best stelling author Dean Koontz could think of . This DVD is a and ultimate keeper .
 PHANTOMS is a science-fiction , horror thriller based on the novel by Dean Koontz . The residents of a small Colorado town have mysteriously vanished , and only a few survivors remain . It seems that an evil force known as `` The Ancient Enemy '' has come up from deep in the earth , and it has the ability to take on the shape of whatever it kills . It 's up to the small group of survivors to try to find a way to keep `` The Ancient Enemy '' from wiping mankind off the face of the earth . This is a good , decent , horror movie !
 First off any bad reviews for this movie come from people who have never read the Dean Koontz novel it was based on . That said , the movie Phantoms does n't even come close to being as good as the chilling novel it was based on . But it 's a satisfactory attempt nonetheless . With a screenplay by Koontz himself the movie maintains all the key elements and many of the high points of the novel . The scare factor is high , the action terrifying and intense . The unexpected and seemingly inexplicable demise of the residents of Snowfield , the Ancient Enemy and all its gruesome manifestations . The special effects are damn good , the scenes of death and carnage as original as the book they were based on . The cast is enjoyable and believable -LRB- especially Peter O'Toole as Timothy Flyte and Liev Schrieber as the creepy deputy -RRB- and Rose McGowan and Joanna Going make great eye candy.The creep level is pushed to the limit in this film , the monster a truly frightening vision . Finally , a good movie based on a Dean Koontz novel ! `` Chaos . Chaos in the flesh . ''
 Word , b **** , Phantoms like a motherf *** er !
 I actually give this one three-and-a-half stars , but I 'm rounding-up since so many people unfairly blast this movie for not being the book . The major criticism of Phantoms seems to be that it 's `` a monster movie , '' but that 's as unfair as criticizing a John Wayne flick for having cowboys in it - defining a picture 's genre is n't the same as criticquing it , and if you did n't want a monster movie , why did you want to watch this?Small - town doctor Joanna Going and kid sister Rose McGowan return to Going 's mountain resort community of Snowfield , Colorado , to find everybody missing or horribly dead . Nearby town sheriff Ben Affleck and twisted deputy Liev Schreiber turn up to help them make sense of the mystery . Their only clue leads them to unknown scholarly author Peter O'Toole , whose all but forgotten book on mass disappearances holds the answers they seek.Derivative , yes - anyone familiar with John Carpenter 's The Thing and H. P. Lovecraft 's `` shoggoths '' in At the Mountains of Madness is ahead of the game - but that hardly diminishes the fun of this fast-paced monster movie . It 's slick and well-produced , and the cast are quite good in their roles . It bogs down a bit in the second half , but not enough to ruin the marvellous setup and ultimate payoff.Though the movie could n't match the book because of necessary limitations , in some ways Dean Koontz 's self-adapted screenplay improves upon the novel . For one thing , Colorado has more resort communities of the type Koontz set the story in than his original choice of California . For another , the fate of O'Toole 's character in the book is less satisfying than the one he comes to in the film . Koontz streamlined several subplots and excess characters into a more dramatically workable few , to excellent effect , most notably with Liev Schreiber 's psychopathic deputy . There are some very well-written scenes in this movie , many better than their equivalents in the unwieldy but definitely enjoyable book , such as the one in which O'Toole finds himself `` reluctantly '' recruited on the monster-hunt by government Men In Black.This is n't a great movie , to be sure , but it is a good one , and well worth watching if you like this kind of thing . And Dean , if you 're listening , you made the right choices when you adapted your wonderful novel . I like both versions , each in their own way .
 Phantoms did not receive much recognition from Hollywood . This was so probably because it was not a musical nor did it contain numerous sexual adventures
 Two sisters return to small town Snowfield , Colorado only to discover everyone dead or missing . Intriguingly-plotted Dean Koontz horror/thriller is his best adaptation to date -LRB- no surprise it 's from his best novel -RRB- , featuring a genuinely terrifying first half . Loses a bit of momentum when it rushes the plot in the second half and messily explains the situation , but manages to generate more thrills in the finale . The moth scene is the film 's most frightening highlight . Good performances from Ben Affleck , Joanna Going , and a scene-stealing turn from Liev Schrieber .
 I love D. Koontz books , and `` Phantoms '' was one of my favorites . This movie was dismissed without cause . I think it 's a great adaptation of the book . I like to see a movie -LRB- or read a book -RRB- that pushes the envelope of believability.Anyway , at least rent this movie . I have , I also saw it in a theater , and now I 'm buying it . Also , Koontz 's `` Intensity '' -LRB- one of his scariest stories by far -RRB- was made into a good TV movie . Check it out .
 I 'm a little surprised Phantoms bombed as badly at the box office as it did . I mean , it has a good cast of young stars -LRB- most notably Ben Affleck -RRB- and it 's commercials and trailers looked intriguing and scary . Sure , the reviews were n't great , but it was n't anything worse than any other horror/thrillers like Urban Legend and I Know What You Did Last Summer , and those movies made money for some strange reason.As a matter of fact , Phantoms is considerably better than those movies , as it does feature an imaginative premise about a town that has disappeared . It 's a well-written Dean Koontz adaptation , with deft direction from Joe Chappelle , and good performances from Affleck , Joanna Going , Peter O'Toole , and Liev Schrieber.I noticed when the film was first released everybody seemed to hate it , but as I look at the reviews now , it seems to be gaining some sort of small fan base . This is possibly a good cult classic thriller that will be seen for years to come .
 Man , this is a cool movie . Granted that it does not have quite the feel that the book had , and a lot of the scarier stuff is gone . But it is good anyway . The movie , unlike the book , did not go on and on and on about disease and all that stuff that takes the attention away from the outline . If you get a chance , see it . And dont pay attention to the other reviewers who said that this was a bad movie because it had all the stuff an old scary movie had . The older ones had some good stuff . They should have kept them that way .
 Phantoms is a great movie full of mystery and suspense . An adaptation from Dean Koontz bestseller . Phantoms is a true original thriller ! The movie stars well known actors Ben Affleck -LRB- Good Will Hunting -RRB- , Liev Schreiber -LRB- Scream 2 , Scream 3 -RRB- , and Rose McGowan -LRB- Jawbreakers -RRB- . Five survivors of a mysterious force that wipes out an entire town must face there deepest fears . An evil beneath the earth waiting to resurface with the power to destroy the human race . If you have n't seen this movie yet buy it today at amazon.com !
 i dont know why a lot of people bash pantoms . i mean it is a good horror movie . it has some petty good effect good atmnospear and it is petty ceepy and sceary . now i didnt raad the book maaby if i did i might not like the movie that much but untill i read it it will be a good horror movie in my book .
 Oh . My . God . This is definetley THE most horrifying movie ever created . And not so surprising when we find out that the plot , script , and ... well ... horror ... was created by the master of horror - Dean Koontz . Never after seeing a movie was I SO disturbed that I could not go to sleep for three days . While watching it , I cried at parts , I was so terrified . Chilling , brilliant , and a young and stable cast ... NOT for the weak-hearted
 Not a bad flick by any means , but a little on the formulaic side . Rose McGowan 's character shows early promise , with her alarming -LRB- to her sister -RRB- proficiency with firearms , but then she ends up getting a lot of metaphysical lines about the devil ... Maybe they were shooting for complexity of character , which is good , but to me it was a little confusing . The beautiful Joanna Going and Ben Affleck sort of have a quasi-romance going on in the wings , but it never goes anywhere . Peter O'Toole is just unbelievable as always ... that voice . Wow . But when his character says at one point `` I needed the money '' , I wondered if he asked that his character be made to say that , to speak for him , Peter O'Toole , personally . I have no idea if he needs money ... it seems unlikely , but who knows . Liev Schreiber is pretty funny , but I was uncertain for a long time whether he was a tool of the Ancient Enemy or just a plain old , regular psycho . Ultimately , he becomes both . . picture Jack Nicholson in `` The Shining '' having a love child with `` The Blob '' , and you would get Liev Schreiber 's character . I suspect the book is a lot better -- you could sort of half-sense a novel in the background somewhere , and it is fun to imagine Dean Koontz and the studio having arguments about what to leave in , and what to take out ... To sum up , basically it was good , I 'm just mentioning the problems I had with it . I wish Joanna Going was in more films , she did a good job with what she had to work with here , as did the others . Worth renting on a dark night by yourself , but do n't expect too too too too much .
 I am not easily scared but this flick has the right balance of fright and philosophy to satisfy an intelligent viewer . It is obviously inspired by Greg Bear 's Bloodmusic novel and Carpenter 's movie the Thing . Peter O'Toole is marvelous as the mad scientist and a rare horror film role for him . I liked the ideas it presents clashing Darwin 's natural selection as the unseen `` ancient enemy '' versus a version of Christian eschatology . Great fun !
 This movie is quite similar to Alien Ressurection , apart from the fact that Phantoms is actually scary . The latest Alien film is just gore and non-scary horror scenes , wheras Phantoms runs well , it 's not too gross and , whilst being a little too fantastic , runs really well , delivering genuine scares.If you 're a fan of supernatural monster films , this is one to rent . Do NOT , unless it 's a Sunday night with nothing else on TV , rent Alien Res ... !
 I loved the book , Phantoms , and the movie followed the book closely . Since Dean Koontz did the screen play that was understandable . The characters were well played and engaging . I recommend this to any scifi fan .
 Personally , I liked the book and the movie -- very Lovecraftian in spirit and mood . It 's not often that I can get a frisson from both a book and a movie , but this film based on the Dean Koontz novel manages it . What I do n't get is why did my copy from Amazon have a Wal-Mart sticker on the front ? Does any Amazonian have an answer ?
 I had no idea Koonz was so heavily influenced by Lovecraft . This film and story had a very strong H.P. Lovecraft feel to it . I 'd recommend it to any Lovecraft fan .
 The movie starts with two sisters , Lisa and Jenny , going on a ski vacation . When they arrive , they discover their landlady is dead and the town is deserted . Soon the Sheriff and his deputies join the girls and they all come to the conclusion that the entire town is missing or dead . They head for one of the local hotels where a message mentions the `` Ancient Enemy . '' Soon the `` government '' shows where a British professor , Peter O'Toole , explains his theory of the `` Ancient Enemy , '' which periodically emerges from inside the earth to annihilate civilization.Phantoms is not a really scary movie - but there are tense moments !
 Phantoms is a great horror film , it 's scary and underrated . A must see .
 Phantoms is a horror film that harkens back to old hitchcock films . Why it is getting bad reviews for using suspense rather than gore to scare people is beyond me , I went in to this expecting a turkey like Scream , but boy was I surprised . While the effect wore off a minute after it was done , that is understandable for me , because the only movie that stayed with me for months was The Exorcist . Phantoms is a high quaility horror/thriller film that should n't be missed . It looks as though the previous reviewers either did n't get it , or saw the wrong movie . This is definately one that 'll scare you , but do n't go in expecting The Exorcist .
 This is the ultimate `` Blob '' movie . Unlike the original Blob with Steve McQueen -LRB- one of my favorite actors -RRB- and all the re-makes that have followed ... This version is a very sophisticated , eloquent thriller . Although , the evil entity is never refered to as `` a blob '' or `` the blob '' , and we are spared the sight of the big blob of jello mowing people down . Nevertheless , a blob by any other name is still a blob . The only caveat is that this entity is inteligent and has an over-inflated ego . Great cast , good plot , too bad the quality of this DVD transfer was lacking in clearness and resolution .
 Two women are searching a deserted town . They find the sheriff -LRB- Ben Affleck -RRB- and his two deputies , one is Liev Schreiber , and they tried to find out what is going on . Shreiber really does a great job as a slimy deputy . Anyways , the movie is a bit slow paced at first but diffently picks up the pace . A very fun film with some good speical effects . I dont understand why people dont talk about this movie more . It 's very enjoyable and well worth checking out .
 Ok , I 'm not a big Dean Koontz fan . I much prefer Stephen King . But this movie is good considering the subject is rather hokey . The ancient enemy . A sophisticated way of saying mysterious disappearance . I 'm not complaining because for 90 minutes , you get to see a talented young photogenic cast including Joanna Going -LRB- is there a more gorgeous woman ? -RRB- , Ben Affleck , Liev Schreiber and Rose McGowan . Going keeps this film steady as Dr. Bailey . And Schreiber gives quite a demented performance full of sarcasm . McGowan and Affleck do a good job with their roles . Got ta love their mutual chin dimples ! Going and McGowan are both so lovely . They can almost pass for real life sisters . Thankfully , Peter O'Toole was brought in to lend a bit of credence to the plot . The scenic Colorado town where this was filmed is picturesque . The visual effects are good . The fright and suspense slowly build up to the ending .
 I thought this to be a scary science fiction/horror film , despite what the critics said about it . The special effects were striking , almost , but not quite comparable to `` Wishmaster , '' in my opinion.Peter O'Toole seemed somewhat uncomfortable in his role , but the other actors did OK , given the limited character development of their roles . It had the usual `` there may be a another '' ending . Will be ever be rid of those creatures ?
 Why was this movie shredded so bad by everyone except everyone I know whose seen it ? Chapelle offers good direction , the acting is good , great special effects , so what is it ? The first half was actually extremely frightening and tense . The second half slipped more into a monster type movie , but still was a pretty damn good one . So why ?
 Phantoms is a very entertaining and scary science fiction horror film . Only a few other films such as Event Horizon and Candyman are as intense as Phantoms . The first half of the movie is probably the scariest and creepiest in horror film history . The movie begins quickly and gets right to the action . Two sisters , played by Joanna Going and Rose Mcgowan , return to the town of Snowfield , Colorado to find most of the inhabitants missing and several gory looking dead bodies . They enter a bakery and meet an out of town sheriff , Bryce Hammond , played well by Ben Affleck , and his deputies Shannon and Wargle , played by Nicky Katt and Liev Schrieber . Liev Schrieber definitely goes all the way with an excellent performance as crazy weirdo Deputy Stu Wargle.Some chilling scenes in the movie include a giant moth that sucks brain , screams coming from everywhere , strange sounds coming from the town 's plumbing system , and dead people that disappear then reappear alive . The scene where the giant moth attacks the survivors in the police station is one of the best in any movie . In the second half , the movie has some more chilling scenes with a high body count , but I was a bit disappointed that the movie ended so quickly . It 's 100 minute running time did n't feel like it was long enough to fit all the events that occured in the movie . Dean Koontz also made the mistake of not exploring the thematic elements of the movie more deeply like he did in his novel.The special effects in the movie were very good . The giant moth looked real and so did the other creatures that appeared . The film is n't as gory as it 's reputed to be . Sci-fi horror films like Alien Resurrection and Event Horizon are much bloodier . -LRB- Although Event Horizon uses the goriness effectively -RRB- . Overall , Phantoms is a creepy horror film that holds the viewer at the edge of their seat , especially in the final confrontation between Hammond and a boy .
 I think that who ever casted this movie is great at it ! I like the part that you casted Ben Affleck as ! I also like that the part that you casted Rose McGowan as ! I think that Ben Affleck is very hot and could watch this movie over and over again and would never get sick of watching it ! I am going to buy this movie as soon as I can !
 `` Phantoms '' ... a girl , Lisa , and her sister , Jennifer , on their way to Snowfield , Colorado ... ... an unspeakable evil ... ... five-hundred dead or missing in less than a day ... . . an Ancient Enemy under the ground ... Alright , sound good ? Buy the book . Phantoms by Dean Koontz is my all-time favorite novel . I could n't wait to see it on video . Then ... ... it was one of the worst horror flicks I had ever seen in my life . But , still , I had to give it four stars cause I loved the book .
 Indeed dear Sirs and Misses he is . I highly recommend this B movie to everyone who just wants to have a good laugh with a hint of a scare here and there .
 Do n't go checking out them girly movies that they only show at those artsy places . Get the mack-daddy of all Affleck flicks !
 This was a very scary movie and I do not scare easily . It is much scarier than Scream or I Know What You Did Last Summer . Ben Affleck was of course the greatest part of the movie making an adorable and beleiveable character . As sheriff he wears this cowboy hat and it is actually a good look for him . Rose McGowen was definately not the best part of this movie , but give her a break her part did n't have much to it . The almost romance between Ben 's character and the older sister needed to be played out more . The movie is good and if you are a Ben Affleck fan this is a must to add to your collection .
 This movie was awesome !! Forget the reviews ! Do n't listen to them ! You have to read the book before you see it though , and the movie lacked many of the more scary parts , but it still was great . The bakery scene with the severed heads was real scary ! The special effects with the giant moth and the sewer-tentacle-spikes that killed Galen Copperfield were very realistic ! The dead bodies of the deputy Paul Henderson and the priest were incredibly real and graphic ! The actors are n't too great , but Affleck fit the role of Bryce Hammond incredibly . This is a good movie to watch at night ...
 Despite what you might gather from some of the reviews , this movie actually gets off to a great start for a horror movie , with a handful of people trapped in an eerie deserted town . And while the unseen menace which wiped out the town remains a mystery , the movie does a good job of building up a sense of dread . But once the monster makes its appearance , and its perfectly obvious that it could have wiped out the entire cast whenever it wanted to , the movie goes rapidly downhill , and the last 20-30 minutes are pretty lame , grade B stuff .
 Gosh , if you 're a Koontz fan you 've got ta see this movie . Whomever thinks his material is not good for films is nuts . He has great twists and riveting characters throughout . This movie jumps right into the suspense as two sisters pull into a silent snowy mid-west town . From the minute they step out of their car the eerie atmosphere sinks in , and it does n't quit until the film is over . If you want hair-raising fear , shadows , creepy sounds , and a plot-line that requires a little thought then this movie is right up your alley . It 's good old-fashioned scary fun with some truly great acting and terror around every corner . There are even some awesome special effects , a little splatter matter , a few buckets of blood , and some clever hybrid creature creations to add to the fun . I had a blast watching this film for the first time .
 In a genre not really known for quality , ` Phantoms ' is a great horror film that deserved far more credit than it got . Chilling , atmospheric and unpredictable , Phantoms is definitely a refreshing change of pace from the typical , run-of-the-mill horror films that have come out these past several years.The story opens with two sisters driving into the small town of Snowfield , Colorado . The older sister is Dr. Jennifer Pailey -LRB- Joanna Going -RRB- , the town doctor who is hoping to save her younger sister Lisa -LRB- Rose McGowan -RRB- from their alcoholic mother by having her come and stay with her for a while.Once they arrive in Snowfield , something rather frightening has happened-700 people have vanished without a trace and no one knows exactly what happened . Arriving on the scene is town sheriff Bryce Hammond -LRB- Ben Affleck -RRB- and his deputy Stu Wargle -LRB- Liev Schreiber -RRB- who try to sort through the mess . First they think it 's chemical warfare , then a serial killer.Given this is a horror movie , the menace is much more complex and dangerous than that-namely a centuries old entity known as the Ancient Enemy with the only person capable of stopping it is Professor Timothy Flyte -LRB- Peter O'Toole -RRB- . In fact the Ancient Enemy wants the powers that be to summon Flyte from his San Francisco job -LRB- working for a trashy tabloid paper -RRB- and come to Snowfield and write the Gospel of what it is and what it 's about.Phantoms has several truly creepy and scary moments and should be appreciated by most horror fans .
 Despite the negative reviews Phantoms received , I enjoyed it quite a bit . The first 45 minutes of the film are truly terrifying , with sequences that would rank as some of the creepiest of any horror movie . While the second half is n't nearly as scary , Phantoms always moves at a consistently quick pace and the last ten minutes regain the same form and momentum of the first half.I also enjoyed the performances , especially Ben Affleck and Joanna Going , the former of which is one of my favorite young actors and the latter is truly beautiful ; it 's unfortunate she 's not a star because she has the looks and the acting ability -LRB- she 's certainly better than co-star Rose Mcgowan and other young actresses like Neve Campbell and all the other `` rising star '' actresses -RRB- . Peter O'Toole , perhaps the greatest British actor who ever lived -LRB- that 's right , better than both Laurence Olivier and Richard Burton -RRB- , certainly plays his part well , though I wish he could receive some better roles . He 's been nominated for an Oscar 7 times and he 's never won . Hopefully , he 'll win one with a great role in a more dramatic and `` serious '' film . For now , he 's doing a decent job with what he 's doing .
 I liked this movie alot , the plot was interesting , the characters seemed to know their role 's , not to mention that this movie has a great cast . The only withdraw about this movie , is the fact that it has to do with an oversized tapeworm made of petroletum . I dunno , I just ca n't see a tapeworm take over an entire town in only a couple days . Oh well , it 's a movie made for entertainment . It does a hell of a job at it too ! Again , this is a must - see movie !
 Dean Koontz adaptations are noted to be worse than Stephen King 's . After Hideaway I was inclined to agree with that . It was a mess of a film and made me wonder exactly how the next Koontz big screen adaptation would turn out . Surprisingly , Phantoms turned out be a good thriller , not the classic it could have been , but infinitely superior to Hideaway and easily the best Dean Koontz adaptation -LRB- Not to mention countless Stephen King horror adaptations -RRB- . The film begins with a foreboding atmosphere . Sisters Jenny and Lisa Pailey -LRB- Joanna Going and Rose Mcgowan -RRB- are returning home to Snowfield , Colorado . Upon their arrival they discover most of the townspeople are missing . The only things left behind are some gooey looking corpses . The sisters try to leave but discover that has something has crushed the engine of all the cars in the town . Walking is not an option since it 's forty miles to any sign of civilization . Arming themselves with shotguns they head to the town 's bakery where they find Sheriff Bryce Hammond -LRB- Ben Affleck -RRB- and his deputies Wargle -LRB- Liev Schrieber -RRB- and Shanning -LRB- Nicky Katt -RRB- . It seems the three officers just arrived from another town after they had been cut off on the radio with Snowfield 's own sheriff . It 's not long before they discover that the events that caused the mass disappearance of the town is still ongoing . They must now find a way to survive the night and combat the ancient force behind the massacre.Directed well by Joe Chappelle -LRB- Surprisingly since he helmed the critically savaged Halloween 6 -RRB- , the film contains genuinely frightening moments , especially in the first half of the film . Certainly the best -LRB- and scariest -RRB- scene is when the giant moth swoops into the police station and literally consumes the face and brain of a deputy . The special effects help and they 're well done and eerily convincing.The majority of the performances in this movie are good . The two leading stars , Ben Affleck and the lovely Joanna Going , deliver fine performances as the hero and heroine . Affleck has a certain charisma and flair in his performance that makes his character likeable and easy to root for . The real scene stealing performance , though , is Liev Schrieber as the weirdo deputy Wargle . He gets the film 's best lines and does n't put them to waste . Faring not as well as those three are Peter O'Toole and Rose Mcgowan . Mcgowan seems like she 's there just to look pretty and occasionally do some stupid things -LRB- such as walking toward a bathroom stall alone -RRB- . Screen legend and six time Oscar nominee Peter O'Toole is not bad but he is fed some pretty bad dialogue.The real problem in this film lies in its running time . At a short 96 minutes this film is rushed , especially in the second half . If an extra fifteen to twenty minutes were added in that part of the film to explain some confusing parts more explicitly and carefully the film would n't have felt so hurried . But the film still does move at a fast pace and that makes up for some of the running time flaws.To sum this up , Phantoms is a horror film that 's intelligent and scary , and while it wo n't be added as a classic to the genre , it 's a more than satisfying and entertaining time to spend watching with a friend or by yourself late at night .
 Yes , Phantoms was directed by Joe Chappelle , the man who helmed the infamous Halloween 6 , but Phantoms is a much better film . Easily the best Dean Koontz adaptation -LRB- And much better than many Stephen King horror adaptations -RRB- this is a film with a very intriguing plotline that delivers some true scares.The story begins with two sisters , Jenny -LRB- Joanna Going -RRB- and Lisa Pailey -LRB- Rose Mcgowan -RRB- , who are heading back home to the small town of Snowfield , Colorado . Almost immediately upon their arrival they find that most of the townspeople are missing . The bodies of those not missing are gooey looking . The sisters try to leave the town but find that all the cars , including their own , have had their engines destroyed by some unseen force . Walking is n't an option since the nearest town is forty miles away so they arm themselves and search for any survivors . That night they meet Sheriff Bryce Hammond -LRB- Ben Affleck -RRB- and his two deputies who have arrived to the town due to radio difficulties between their own station and Snowfield 's police headquarters . It 's not long before they discover that whatever caused the town 's disappearance is still ongoing . Now , they must find a way to survive through the night and fight a seemingly unstoppable force of destruction.I read the book before watching the movie and I have to say that the changes put in the film hurt it a bit . However , the film has some great sequences such as when the giant moth swoops into the headquarters and consumes a deputy 's brain in a matter of seconds . The special effects are also eerily convincing -LRB- Particularly the moth -RRB- and effective.Phantoms is well acted , especially for a horror film . The film 's two leading stars , Ben Affleck and the lovely Joanna Going -LRB- who will become a star one day -RRB- deliver fine performances as the hero and heroine . It 's Liev Schrieber , however , who steals the show as Sheriff Hammond 's crazy deputy . He 's fed some of the film 's best lines and he does n't waste them . Faring not so well as those three talented performers are Rose Mcgowan and Peter O'Toole . Mcgowan seems like she 's only there to look pretty and act stupid -LRB- Such as when she approaches a toilet stall alone -RRB- . While she does n't do a terrible job with her role her character is underwritten and not as likeable as Going 's character . Film legend Peter O'Toole is even worse with a near deranged performance as a tabloid writer . This will go down as one of his weaker roles , but nowhere near as bad as his performance in Supergirl.Phantoms is most impressive in its first half . The audience has fun watching it because they have no idea what 's behind the town 's mysterious disappearance . The film 's second half is n't as strong but it 's still okay . It suffers not from being unscary , but from being rushed . As a matter of fact , if the film 's running time was fifteen to twenty minutes longer the film would make more sense to those who have never read the book.Phantoms is entertaining and scary enough to watch with a couple of friends on a Friday night . It 's not a masterpiece -LRB- But it could have been -RRB- , but it does have some scary moments and the suspense is there throughout the whole film .
 I thought the movie was good but the novel was better . It did leave a lot thing thats were important to the understanding of the plot . For some reason , Koontz 's novels are n't living up to the excellant writing he portrays . Maybe in the future he could do a better job .
 `` Phantoms '' does have its moments and I was not very disappointed - even though I had reads the book . The acting is good , the plot is pretty good ... It 's not great - but it 's something that can be very entertaining . Not bad at all .
 One has only to look at the picture on the cover to see the problem ! This unique film is honest in it 's depiction of the filmmakers ' family and others known to them . There are no actors . The characters describe in their own words their personal experiences and , in addition , the filmmakers furnish us with interesting statistics regarding this complex issue within the church .
 PET SEMATARY is based on the novel written by Stephen King . The film is about a family that moves into the town of Ludlow in Maine , and they find out about the local Pet Sematary and the Indian burial ground beside it . When his son is accidentally killed on the highway , Lewis Creed must decide if he should bury his son in the burial ground and see if he will come back from the dead .
 Pet Sematary is probably Stephen King 's best novel , it certainly is his scariest . I enjoyed all his early books but they seemed as funny as they were scary . Not Pet Sematary though , it is the scariest most vile story I 've ever read . The book is even more gruesome than the movie . The movie does a good job of translating the book to film . Just about every single detail in the novel is transferred to the movie , the only thing I remember that was left out was Norma Crandall -LRB- Jud 's wife -RRB- other than that the transition is very faithful to the novel . THe story itself is awesome and very original . A family of 4 with 1 cat move to a house in Maine . Behind their house is a Pet Sematary . A magical yet evil place where the dead are resurrected , with disastrous consequences . Horror movies do n't get any better than this .
 Pet Sematary is undoubtedly my favorite adaptation of any of Stephen King 's fictional novels , which is nothing like such ludicrous ones as The Mangler , Creepshow or Graveyard Shift , and if you assume that it is , you 're in for a big surprise.A grieved father , indistinctly conscious of the abilities the Indian burial ground has , attempts to provoke his son from beyond the grave in this highly distressful and forceful film that contains a strong moral to it . Now , the thing that elevates it from many others such as the titles in which I have previously brought up is the complex performances and astonishing human psychology that you 'll witness here . The father 's personality becomes so badly affected with a mixture of other emotions that ultimately overpower his sanity and force him to fulfill upon these actions despite of warnings by eerie spirits . This is n't just fun and games-another comical horror that gives you the opportunity to root for the killer 's demise , because he 's merely an innocent little boy who did nothing to deserve what happened to him , which may be the reason many have disliked it and found it to be as disturbing as they have ; it is a complete injustice.Rarely ever does a picture from such a genre have that great of an affect upon me , and it has since been the only . But , as a horror film , it was n't really what you may call `` terrifying '' or anything like that , but it was rather the mere premise of it that haunted me so , as it was that way to many others as well.Dale Midkiff did a great job at portraying Dr. Louis Creed , the father of the family who eventually reaches his breaking point ; Fred Gwynne did just as compelling of a job as his close neighbor , Jud Crandall , who seems ordinary enough , but knows enough of the unordinary to keep his mouth shut ; and Miko Hughes especially , at the age of twenty-nine months old , did an incredulously spectacular job as the child whose life ended much too soon .
 What can I say about this movie?It is pretty good and also scary.It does what I think horror should , it focuses on death mans greatest unknown and fear.It shows a person becoming a toy of a cursed land.It is quite depressing , no comedy in this horror movie.It is about a doctor moving to a town with his family.The road by the town has big semis driving down it constantly.Very unsafe for kids who do not yet know their street crossing skills.Not only do they have the road to contend with they have a decrepit pet cemetery in the woods past the house.Past the pet cemetary there is a large Native American Burial Ground.Over the years something happened to change this once holy place to a cursed place.What living things you bury in this comes back to life.Unfortunately they do not at all come back the same.The doctors daughters cat is crossing the street and struck down by a truck.To escape having to see his daughter sad and explaining death to her he burys the cat at the Burial Ground.Soon the cat returns but with eyes that glow more than normal cats eyes and dirty and looking like well something risen from the dead and with a very bad attitude.Soon though things fall to pieces , the doctors son named Gage decides to go do some playing in the street while the family is not watching.With playing in the street not exactly as safe a game for kids as CandyLand he is struck down by a truck.This is one of the most depressing parts.Even for cold and harsh people watching little children die can be the saddest of events.I must say it was tastefully done.The scene did not have alot of gore.In fact the way it was done made it more believable and more horrific than alot of gore could have.You probably can guess what is going to happen.What happens is pretty predicatble but has a twist and is terrifying and ghoulish even if you know what is going to go on because of the way this movie was made.So in short if you like feel good movies this is not for you.If you enjoy the supernatural and horror and cold despair you probably will enjoy it.I do warn you it is quite depressing and it makes you really realize and think about death which alot of people do not like to do.Oh and the scene of the doctors wife when she was still a kid and the ordeal she had with her sister is one of the most terrifying and saddening things I have seen in a horror movie.I gave this movie four stars instead of five because the one fault I see with it is that it could have been longer and could have went into more depth and detail in the story.It is a good movie though especially your first time seeing it .
 this movie was a great horror film , but i havent seen the second , and probably never will . i like the story , when two people and two kids move into this house by a pet sematary and when you are buried in this indian burial ground , you come back alive , pratically evil . This story is hard to explain but its not just about pets . So if you like a good horror film , and a laugh too , this is a good film for you !! It does appear on tv alot though , so you shouldnt spend two whole dollars right away to see it . wait awhile , unless you are tottally despearte !!
 Im not exactly the type that can go through goryness . But for a horror -LRB- and GORY -RRB- movie , `` Pet Sematary '' was awesome . I felt what made the movie suspensful was the music and searching for the boy . I felt the most disturbing part was slicing Judd 's ankle really deep . Theres just something about it that aches me . This movie ends bad . I feel this way because I was so curious to find out what happened to Ellie and her mother . This is really why I want to watch the sequel because Im bugged to find out what happens to the rest of the family . In a few sentences this movie is more gory than scary . Has a good story line , very good imagination -LRB- Of course . its by Stephen King ! -RRB- . Its very disturbing considering the icky and sad feeling when innocence died -LRB- the little cute boy and kitty -RRB- . Id recommend seeing it if you do n't care much of seeing blood and cuts and all that lovliness . A good horror movie .
 Ive seen other stephenking films and i admit that petsematary is his scariest and most chilling film in history this was a masterpeice!every thing frightning although i seen it so much im not really scared of zelda but juds death was cool!this is fabulous and i bet the book is to !
 This movie is a great example of a horror movie . It has not too much blood and just enough killing . Very disturbing when the child dies , but picks up after his reincarnation . An unsuspected ending , never saw it coming . I recommend this to all horror movie and Stephen King fans . It wo n't be a disappointment .
 First thing I want to say is , do n't give away the movie in your review ! You ruin the whole movie for someone . Now to my review : I 've seen this movie about 10 times . I was probably like 7 years old when I first saw it . It 's like a classic to me . There 's some pretty scary moments and it 's just so disturbing and creepy and that 's what makes it so cool ! It 's about some crazy stuff that happens with a pet `` sematary '' and that 's all I 'm going to say . King is a great writer . I 'm reading the book for the first time now and it is also very good . The movie is very true to the book , of course the book has a lot more detail that was n't in the movie and I prefer books over movies . Anyway , I think this movie and book are both a must see/read if you are King fan or like horror or just feel like being creeped out .
 Pet Sematary was one of my favorite King books . When I heard that a movie was being made based upon it , I was worried like some other reviewers were.I think this movie has been given a bum rap . It 's well cast and moves at a nice pace . The locations and sets fit perfectly and it represents the book well.One last thing ... before condemning the characters as morons for trying to resurrect their loved ones , step back and think what you would do . Be honest with yourself . Even knowing that the dead come back tainted , you ca n't escape the thought that `` the dead come back '' ! This makes the anguish AND the horror more palpable .
 Pet Sematary is , hands down , the worst `` horror '' movie I 've ever seen , but it thankfully falls into the category of movies that are so dreadful that they 're hysterical to watch , which is why I enjoyed it so thoroughly . The collection of actors is awful -- there 's not a good performance in the bunch . The family patriarch would be better off playing a serial killer , while the daughter is the most annoying screen child to grace my television in a long time . But the film 's most ghoulishly-delivered line -- `` The ground beyond is ... SOUR ! '' -- sends me into giggling fits every time I hear it , and it 's well worth watching just to see the unbelievably bad make-up job done on a flashback character with spinal meningitis . Go into your viewing with an open mind and low , low expectations and your experience should be a blast -- and keep an eye out for Stephen King 's brief cameo as a minister at a funeral .
 I 've read almost all of Stephen King 's works just as I 've watched all of their screen transalations and at least three movies came out much better than the book . They are
 Pet Sematary mixes tragedy and horror to make a very original story . The acting is very believable and the movie starts being scary after about ten minutes and does n't ever let up . Very faithful to the book especially in it 's overall feeling . It 's about this docter who wants to teach his daughter a lesson on death and how it ca n't be changed . But he ends up the the one that needed the lesson . SOMETIMES DEAD IS BETTER . Side note
 I will say it again . STEPHEN KING is a genius . I read the book a long time before I saw the movie , and I was n't dissapointed . The movie was even better than the book . It scared the s ** t out of me the first time I saw it , and it still does . Great actors , magnificent story and excellent special effects , make this the best horror-movie of all time !
 some reviewers say it 's a ` bad adoption ' of one of stephen king 's books . uhh yeh ok . what page are you on ?? ah , pun ! gah ... ok what movie were YOU watchin ' , buddy ?? ah another pun . darnit . what the heck are you talking about , Willis ?? i have seen some pretty subpar movie adoptions of s.k. books , and the old addage seems to remain consistent that as a rule of thumb s.k. 's books/novels tend to be BETTER than the movie ... usually ... almost always ... period.but this is one of the few very good transitions.like another excellent s.k. movie ` maximum overdrive ' , this one was scripted by him ? maybe that 's why like maximum overdrive -LRB- which i think was a direct to movie story by s.k. -RRB- this one is one of the few most excellente s.k. movies around.this is probably hands down not just the # 1 BEST -LRB- imho -RRB- movie adoption of one of his books that i know of , but the SCARIEST.following close in quality would IMHO be the original salems lot , or possibly Riding the Bullet , although r.t.b. was NOT so much scary as creepy and interesting.i wo n't even say how many years it 's been since i last saw this movie or used a capital letter to begin a sentence , but i just watched Pet Semetary again tonight on dvd after a longgggg time , and despite being 20 + how many years old , it disturbed/scared me even more this time than before !! it 's so gosh-durned disturbing and creepy that i do n't know if i can go back and watch it again anytime soon !! and that is saying a lot , for a movie that 's one of the best ones ever made . it 's actually one of the best MOVIES in my huge dvd library ! and i 'm freakin ' afraid to go back and watch it !!! say that i now , but , after getting over my initial willies , i am sure i will find great delight in re-playing this eerie masterpiece quite a few times.assuming i do n't come back from the pet semetary before then . . ahhhhhahaha . ahhHahahahaha . AAAHHaHaHAHAHAHAH ! see ?? i 'm disturbing ! ... just like this movie .
 This is really a horror movie and also horrible.I ca n't bear to see that poor little boy hit by a truck.But I keep faith that it 'll stay fiction.To many people , cemetery is a sacred place.To some , it 's a monument to recall the love ones.Once , somebody said to me that he accepted a challenge from some folks to pass thru ' a graveyard at twelve midnight sharp.So he did entered and walked through from the entrance to the exit.It was a forty minutes of silence thru ' the tombs.After three days , his hair turned white.I said to him , I would like to do the same , but I hope that after three days , my hair would turn to black again !!
 Having read the book all the way back in 1985 and then seeing the movie years later at the theater , it was a pleasue to get it on DVD and experience it again . One of the most gruesome , dreary and downright horrific Stephen King boks ever -LRB- I Loved It ! -RRB- the movie rus very close . Small cameo by Steve-O as a preacher reading at a funeral . Very Hitchcockian ! The acting tries you at times , but Fred Gwynne is a great Jud Crandall . Dark and scary and definitely not one that you would share with your kids anytime soon.Dig it !
 The Cat came Back , January 29 , 2006Reviewer
 An above average adaptation of Stephen King 's scarey novel The Pet Sematory . Admittedly , I liked the book much better but this movie does have it 's moments of horror . The acting is good including the cat from hell as well as the young lad brought back from the grave ...
 This movie rivals The Exorcist in my opinion . It will scare the pants off of you ! Oh , yeah ! It 's a horror movie lover 's dream.If you bury a pet in the old Pet Sematary , it is said to come alive again . Only , the second time , it 's not the same being . It 's full of evil.Wonder what would happen if you buried a child there ? Better watch -LRB- or read -RRB- to find out.I would not be caught DEAD without this DVD in my home collection . Watch it !
 PET SEMATARY is scary as hell.Not as scary as the book but still holds the scare factor.It 's a brilliant film and I thought It was one of the most scariest films ever . -LRB- ... -RRB- Rent this movie or buy it.Think Gage is cute huh ? ... THINK AGAIN!Later ...
 Of the countless Stephen King novels which have been adapted into major motion pictures and TV movies and mini-series , Pet Sematary ranks among the best adaptations . The fateful move of a family from Chicago to life in the country has drastic consequences when a local -LRB- Fred Gwyne -RRB- introduces a pet cematary to the father of the family -LRB- Dale Midkiff -RRB- when the family cat is killed . After the animal is buried , it returns days later , but there is something noticibly different about it . Later on , when Midkiff 's young son -LRB- Miko Hughes -RRB- dies , well , you can guess what happens next if , for some reason , you 've never seen this movie before . What makes this novel to screen conversion work is the chilling atmosphere , masterfully crafted by director Mary Lambert , who would also helm the sequel a few years later . What also helps make Pet Sematary work is the performance of Miko Hughes -LRB- you can see him in Wes Craven 's New Nightmare and Spawn -RRB- , whom at a young age , was superbly chilling as well once he returns from the grave . Bloody , scary , and despite a few flaws , Pet Sematary is a real treat for horror afficiondos , and if you 've never seen it you should give it a look .
 The Stephen king book `` Pet Sematary '' was one of the most horrific , disturbing books that I have ever read and the movie based on the novel is probably one of the most tragic and depressing horror movies ever made . The movie starts out with a young family moving into a new home in rural Maine . An elderly neighbor introduces the family to a nearby `` Pet Sematary '' where neighborhood children bury their dead pets . Things rapidly go downhill from there . First the family cat is run over and killed by one of the trucks which seem to constantly drive by their home . The neighbor shows the father , Dr. Creed , the `` real '' pet semetary , an ancient indian burial ground located far back in the woods behind the other pet sematary that has the power to resurect the dead . They bury the cat in the micmac indian burial ground and the next day the cat returns home with a very bad attitude . Later in the story Dr. Creed 's young son is killed by a truck . Well , you can probably figure out what happens later in the story . This atmosphere and tone of this movie very dark and creepy . The acting was n't so great but the premise is chilling . If you knew that you could raise the dead would you do it ? And to those who criticize the fact that the father stupidly keeps returning to the burial ground , all I have to say is READ THE BOOK because it explains that the reason that the father continues to bury people there is because he ca n't help himself . The micmac burial ground is like a magnet to it 's chosen victim 's -LRB- Dr. Creed 's -RRB- brain , a magnet that becomes more powerful as is causes more tradgedies to occur . Towards the end of the film , the micmac burial ground makes the grief stricken Dr. Creed dig up his son 's newly buried corpse so he can bury him again out in the woods , even though he knows deep down that more likely than not the consequences would be horrific . The ressurected boy comes home that night , murders and mutilates his own mother -LRB- yikes -RRB- . This new tradgedy , caused by Dr. Creed himself , makes him go insane and he attempts to ressurect his wife , only to have his wife come back to murder him . Granted , not the most cheerful ending for a movie . All in all , I thought that Pet Sematary was a really scary movie , but it was also rather sad .
 PET SEMATARYI am a huge Stephen King fan and it is no secret , form his books to his films I like them all . That includes both versions of this story and I also think this is one of the best King film adaptations . This has been a favorite of mine ever since it was first released , ah the good old days . The cast is great and the over all look and feel of the film is wonderful . I usually watch this at least once a year , although it has been a while since I have seen part two . And yes it is spelled wrong in the title because that is how the kids spelt it in the story.The Creed family has just moved into a house in Maine and lives across from a new neighbor named Jud . Jud befriends the new family and tells them of a local pet cemetery where that the kids created for lost pets -LSB- obviously -RSB- . Things are going well until the kid 's cat named Winston Churchill or Church gets run over by a truck . So Louis Creed -LSB- the father -RSB- takes the cat to the cemetery and buries Church there . The cat returns but is much more a demon than a loving companion pet.Not to long after that Louis 's son is killed the same way the cat was . Not to long after that Louis does what he did with the cat , buries him in that pet cemetery . He does this in the hopes that the child will come back . Come back he does as he behaves just like the cat , he is back to kill . What will the family do and how will they deal with this , well check out the flick or read the book.Director Mary Lambert did a great job with this film in my opinion . It moves at the perfect pace for this type of film , never to fast or slow . Of course she had Mr. King himself as the screen writer so that probably helped out a lot . Still the atmosphere and dread in this film is what gets me every time . It feels like a classic horror film from start to finish . The mood of the film is great as are the performances ; every thing about this film is great to me.Fred Gwynne is excellent here and could very well be the show stealer , his performance and character here is so legendary . His character here has appeared on various `` South Park '' episodes , classic every time . David Midkiff is good here as well as the father tortured by his son 's death . His wife is played by Denise Crosby and she as well is another all star player here . The kids are great here as well which goes to show what kind of a cast they had here.I know some people do n't love this film and that is fine . Me , myself , and I though have always loved this flick . I need to rewatch the second film again but that will be for a later date . The special edition has a great commentary track from the director as well as some great behind the scenes features and such . So I say check this out if you have yet to , and even if you have pick up the special edition .
 Dr. Louis Creed moves his entire family to a remote Maine town where he will be the physician for a local college . Over Thanksgiving , while his wife and children are visiting her parents , his daughter 's cat is hit by a truck and killed on the road in front of his house . The road has had a history of taking the lives of beloved pets since the dawn of the automobile age . Louis ' strange neighbor leads him to an ancient Indian burial ground where he is instructed to bury the cat . The next day , the cat appears alive in Louis ' garage . Louis thinks he has spared his daughter the trauma of losing her cat . However , the cat 's nature has changed . Now the animal delights in tormenting Louis with such gifts as a dead rat while Louis is soaking in the bathtub . You see , while the bodies of the departed return alive their souls are not those of the original owner . One malicious reincarnated cat ca n't do much harm , but Louis soon experiences the loss of a human member of his family and he is about to see just how malevolent the forces are that rule the old burial ground.Features include : Anamorphic WidescreenEnglish DD2 .0 & DD5 .1 SurroundFrench DD2 .0 SurroundEnglish subtitlesCommentary by Director Mary LambertStephen King 's Pet Sematary
 Stephen King has one outstanding talent that is amazing and awful . He ALWAYS gives us characters we learn to love and care about ... then they usually suffer from much evil and/or DIE a horrible death!These characters quietly sneak into your heart and you really want them to be safe and okay.They are warm , real and wonderful.This happens again with `` Pet Sematary '' ... the sweet Creed family
 I saw this movie way before I read the book , and it IS the reason I put off reading the book for so long . But after reading the book I can truly appreciate the script and some of the theatrical elements . The novel Pet Sematary was one of the darkest , most disturbing works by Stephen King -LRB- or for that matter any author -RRB- that I have ever read . King 's adaptation of his own novel is pretty true to his book , but what made me wary about reading the novel after viewing the movie was the terrible miscasting for the film . The only person who played his part well was Fred Gwynne as Jud Crandall . Everybody else seemed so terribly forced that almost every emotion was unbelievable . There was practically no chemistry between Dale Midkiff and Denise Crosby -LRB- Louis and Rachel Creed -RRB- and the girl who played Ellie -LRB- or Ellen in the film -RRB- was just plain annoying . I do have to give credit to the little boy who played Gage , although he did kinda give me the creeps -LRB- while in the book he was just a sympathetic character -RRB- . The woman who played Rachel Creed 's sister , Zelda DID scare the pee outta me , although I guess it was being presented with the worst case scenario of a person with spinal menningitis that did it . Great makeup for her character ! But sadly this movie came off as laughable the first time around , BUT ONLY BECAUSE I HADN `` T READ THE BOOK FIRST !!! Gradually , as I made this a traditional Halloween viewing , I allowed myself to fall into the atmospherics of the film and subsequently gave myself the heebie-jeebies everytime I watched it . But I must warn potential viewers
 This is one of the most disturbing movies i have ever seen especially the Zelda character -LRB- watch the movie and you will see why -RRB- anyone who watches this movie better have someone to hold on to because the movie is extremely scary and creepy . if you like good scary movies watch this one .
 I went to see this movie in the Theaters when it came out in 1989 . To this day there are scenes in it that I still ca n't watch . I think I have seen the scene with Gage and Jeb once , and that was in the theater . Zelda still scares me and I usually have nightmares after watching this movie for the 100th + time . Aside from some not so fantastic acting at the beginning -LRB- the lead characters - it takes them a while to get `` warmed up '' -RRB- I especially think Denise Crosby 's depiction of a mother in turmoil is particularly believable . Some of the things from the book that they left out of the movie may have been a little more helpful in explaining a few parts , but otherwise , I think this is still one of the scariest movies around . I think it 's sad to see that the younger generations ca n't appreciate this movie as frightening , from being exposed to more graphic horrific movies/television .
 In response to Bobby Abbassi 's review of July 6 , 2004 ... excuse me , Einstein , but the book and movie both had the spelling of PET SEMATARY -LRB- with an S -RRB- because that is how it was spelled in Stephen King 's book by an illiterate character . If you had read the book , you would know this . And for your information , the correct spelling of the word itself is `` cemetery '' with an `` e. '' Aside from that , I concur that this is one of the most terrifying and disturbing movies ever made . You will want to check under the bed before climbing in every night if you see this movie .
 While Romero was the first in line to direct `` Pet Sematary '' -LRB- he was committed to another project at the time -RRB- , Mary Lambert took her job to heart . -LRB- And she readily admits that King loved her because she was close friends with The Ramones ... I respect her for that !! -RRB- She took great pains in finding the perfect house -LRB- she searched all summer for it -RRB- , the perfect tree -LRB- she had that HUGE tree extricated from somewhere entirely different and planted in front of the yellow house !! -RRB- , even the perfect cat -LRB- there are seven that ` play ' Church ... one that excels at scratching , one at jumping , etc. . -RRB- . She attended to every detail with passion . Most importantly , I truly respect her choice with Gage 's character . Lambert could have presented the undead Gage as grotesquely mutilated . Instead , she opted for something much more horrific
 In a Pet Semetary ! Man ! The thought of being able to bring back a dead pet would be very cool ! But after seeing what a pet semetary is based on in Stephen King 's mind !! NO Thank You ! This movie was so scary . It 's about a Man -LRB- Cade -RRB- Who kills his little kids cat and then buries the body in an Indian Burial Ground ! Then brings the Cat back to life . -LRB- The cat came back the very next day , the cat came back , they THOUGHT he was a goner ! -RRB- Makes you wonder about Zombies ! Are they the original Souls brought back to life ?
 one of the only movies that i had trouble sleeping after watching . for anyone who finds getting scared by a movie thrilling -LRB- as i do -RRB- you must see this . and the scariness of it does n't fade with time . i was watching this with two of my cousins one night , it was probably my tenth time watching the movie and their first . now my cousins do n't scare easily , but this movie freaked them out so much that they could not watch it til the end , they had to leave the room until i had finished watching it . i dare anyone to watch this in the dead of the night , with every light in the house off and then tell me you were n't scared even for a second ! it 's impossible , so do n't even try and if you say you have done it , you 're lying !
 I was only a child of 10 when I was first introduced to this film . At that time of my life I had n't seen a lot of horror flicks . In fact , I was still pretty much into watching my Saturday morning cartoons , and Disney Channel programming . Then on a dark and dreary night there was a babysitter , and this babysitter decided to watch a movie called `` Pet Sematary . '' My dreams would never be the same again ... Pet Sematary is a movie which presents a plot that is easily appealing to the average movie watcher . A young doctor decides to move his budding family into a house located in the rural countryside . They explore the property , and meet the neighbor . It is within the first 30 mins . of the movie that it begins to intrigue you . Once you hear Judd the neighbor explain the significance of the shaded path beside their house you want to know more about it . From that moment on you 're hopelessly hooked . Then it is n't too long until you 're introduced to the movies darker side , which of course is the reason you 'll be wanting this movie anyway.The movie itself is the most terrifying movie I have ever seen . To this day I have watched it well over 50 times and some of the scenes still scare me to this day ! It is a classic vintage of Stephen King 's very best brew . I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in the horror genre . Watch it only if you dare ...
 Let 's face it . Most of the Stephen King movies are done so poorly they are unbearable to watch . For example ; every single Children of the Corn movie . But this movie follows the book perfectly with the two exceptions of Jud 's wife being absent and replaced with that of a maid , and dead Gage 's taunting . Those were the only two things that bugged me . Nether the less , Pet Sematary was my first Stephen King book and this movie was not a let down by any means . If you have n't read the book , go and buy it . It 's a powerful book that will stick to your insides and is not an easy read . Even though all of us know Gage dies , to see that happening or even thinking about it is very powerful and difficult to watch since he is a child . In any case , this is a powerful film and the added scenes with Pascow 's ghost added quite a bit to the film . Mary Lambert did a wonderful job with this film but the main reason that this movie was such a good adaptation of the film was that Stephen King himself wrote the screenplay and even starred in a small role as a priest with one line . Read the book and then watch the movie , you wo n't be disappointed . Hoped this helped .
 First the confession
 Great adaptation of an even better book .
 ` Pet Sematary ' is a really good movie its about Louis Creed , his wife Rachel , daughter Ellie , and son Gage . Ellie 's cat , Church , gets run oveer by an ornico truck , so the nice old neighbor Judd Crandall , tells Louis about the Micmac Burying ground just beyond the Pet Sematary . when Church comes back , he acts half there , and stinks of the grave . then when his son has the same fate of the cat , Louis sends Rachel and Ellie off to Chicago , digs Gage out of his grave , and burys him a second time in the Micmac Burying ground , when Gage comes back he is a murderous devil child , Gage murders Judd and Rachel , then Louis kills Gage , so he ends up dieing twice , then Louis burys Rachels body and when she comes back to life she murders Louis , so the only survivor of the Creed family is Ellie , who later goes hysterical , and only can say two words ` pet sematary ' , overall the movie was pretty good , i liked it , and sometimes dead IS better
 This would haveto be one of the worst Film Adaptaions of a Stephen King book that I have ever watched and I have seen them all . It concerns a young Doctor , Louis Creed played by Dale Midkiff who moves his family to a new home in Ludlow , a College town . Then they discover that their nearest neighbout is Herman Munster -LRB- Fred Gwynne -RRB- and instead of running off to a safer place they decide to stay and make a new life for themselves . Then the family cat , Winston Churchill gets run over by a truck and Herman and Louis bury him in an old Native American cemetary which has the Power to reanimate dead tissue and bring animals back to life.The Luois 's son is also run over by a truck and just like any Doctor who is used to `` Playing God '' Dale buries him in the burial ground too . Why on Earth this family did not invest in a large picket fence between their house and the road is anybody 's guess . If you like seeing Infanticide portrayed onscreen this movie is for you and if you like it then perhaps you should consider some Serious Heavy Duty Medication and Therapy . I give this movie 5 stars because I like the look of Louis ' new house .
 I 'm Not going to bay this movie becurs I want to se the Special Edition or something like that , I whant to se how the movie end . I hop the thay will make the Special Esition of this movie or the Ultimate Edition whit 2 or 3 discs for this movie and latof stuff whit it .
 The haunting and chilling effects of this film were far more effective in the theatre when it was released about 10 years ago.However , simple and typical scare techniques or tactics seem to work quite effectively making any viewer jump seeing the dvd version -LRB- hint
 this movie was excellent ! I am a huge Stephen King fan , and I generally enjoy his books better than his movies . Pet Sematary is my all time favorite KIng flick . I dont care what anybody says , it IS a scary film . When I first saw the movie , i think i was about 10 , and let me tell you I could n't sleep for weeks . Zelda in fact STILL scares me . I know the acting wasnt exactly the best , but this was a thriller to the fullest . even if you were n't jumping out of your seat every five seconds , that night laying in bed , you reflected on the film , and pulled the covers tighter around you . It had an interesting and intelligent message on death and life . A must see ... but PLEASE avoid the sequel . ANd its too bad , the sequel is the only one that can be found in Local video stores ...
 I ca n't say that I actually like Pet Semetary , but this is n't a movie that your supposed to like . The whole movie is very creepy and disturbing and from the opening credits you know that this movie is going to be unpleasant . Pet Semetary is not a jump out of your seat horror movie , but rather one that has a very erie and sinister feel to it that is very effective . From when the little toddler died to the flashbacks of the mom 's sister Zelda everything about this movie is tragic and extremely frightening . If you love horror movies then you 've got to see Pet Semetary . Regardless of your taste in movies , if you are not disturbed by Pet Semetary then something is wrong with you .
 It may be an overused cliche , but there 's no other movie more deserving if the term than this - instant classic . Even after reading the book - and being thouroughly scared to hell - the movie will send chills through you and make you keep a watchful eye at the windows and doors . This film displays how a movie adaptation of a novel SHOULD be done - almost perfectly . The casting was absoluetly on the money . Watch this one with the lights on .
 This film is one of the best -LRB- if not the best -RRB- horror film ive ever seen ! Its creapy , shocking and disturbing -LRB- when the small boy gets struck down by a lorry , you cant not be moved -RRB- Apart from the stupid accents and the bad acting from the young girl , its perfect
 When writing or directing a children 's film , far too often people find it necessary to dumb down work in order to cater to a young audience . Fortunately this is not the case with Pet Sematary , a film in which the story it presents is well crafted and intelligent , and appealing to both young and old audiences . In many ways the production could have gone dreadfully wrong . One can see where in the hands of a less talented writer or director the story could have become melodramatic , overly sentimental , or comical , yet Pet Sematary is a beautifully executed picture that rings true as a result of its naturalistic storytelling . Much of this is due to the credit of its fine cast . Frequently , child actors are employed to act `` cute '' onscreen , but there is not a young actor in this movie who does not give a performance of great depth . In fact , it can easily be argued that each one of these children exhibit greater skill than many adults currently working in the realm of cinema . But what is at the heart of Pet Sematary is a beautiful lyrical story about love , childhood , growth , and healing . There are moments in the film that are so genuinely touching the viewer 's heart almost stops . This story is an absolute delight , and should be a must for everyone ! 10/10
 I can not believe how many people dislike this movie . I love this movie . First of all , everybody that ranks this movie as `` The Worst Movie Ever '' must 've had their nose in the air while watching it . I watch this movie everytime it comes on and never get tired of watching it . A lot of yall say that the best actor in the movie was the actor that played Gage . I think the best actor in the movie is Dale Midkiff . He is one of the best actors in the world and I love to watch anything with him in it . He is a great actor and is very goodlooking too . : -RRB-
 The HD quality of this bluray is definitely an upgrade from the DVD , though I would n't say that the studio invested massive amounts of money into providing the highest PQ/AQ at its disposal . Nevertheless , for the inexpensive list and paid cost , it is definitely worth the upgrade and if you do not yet own this movie , it is a must have .
 The Creed moves to an old house in the country . They live right beside a highway that has seen many a pet hit by fast moving tractor trailers . Louis , Rachel and their 2 kids live just in front of a pet cemetery on Indian burial ground . After their cat , Church , is killed in an accident ; their neighbor Jud takes Louis and helps him bury the cat on the Indian burial grounds . The following day , Church returns . Something about him is different though . Despite that , the children are happy to still have their pet . One terrible day , one of the children is struck by a truck . Louis takes his son and buries him in the same cemetery as Church . He returns , but something is terribly wrong . Jud has been keeping a secret that could cost the town dearly once again.This is one of my favorite Stephen King films . It has good acting , a great plot , and very spooky atmosphere . The cemetery , mist , and music all create a very chilling experience . Pet Sematary is a great horror film .
 I can rattle off a considerable number of Stephen King novels turned movies that are hopeless exercises of mundane mediocrity . Yet I happily exclude PET SEMATARY from this infamous list . I first caught this macabre skin crawler shortly following its theatrical release , then I recently came across it on the flat screen -LRB- thank you , cable -RRB- , and gave it another gander . I 'm still shuddering.Here we have a film not only with deeply disturbing images -- we have a film with a gruesome premise akin to nine-inch nails scraping across a fresh blackboard . The Creed family , newcomers to rural Maine , happen to live near an ancient burial ground -- land cursed and contaminated , yet still powerful enough to seduce the grief-stricken to bury their dead inside , because , according to folklore , those buried there come back from the dead . There is , of course , one caveat
 This is one of the most depressing movies I 've seen since Phillip Kaufman 's Invasion of the Body Snatchers . It fills you with a sense of dread and hoplessness . From the death of the family cat to the horrible demise of the baby Gage . You ca n't help but feel the torment of what the family is going through . Even his little daughter has nightmares of her family dying . A miserable atmosphere indeed . Couple that with some frightening scares and an unexpected ending and you have one good shocker . I have n't read the book but it 's been said that this is one of the better adaptions of King 's novels .
 I love horror movies and I have seen alot of them . Pet Semetery is by far the scariest of them all ! I remember the first time I saw it . When Victor Pascow lays dead with his brains dripping out of his head , it was creepy . Then we he opened his eyes and started to talk to Louis , it scared me to death . His eyes were so creepy looking that I felt like he was staring up at me . It gave me the chills . And that was just the beginning of the horror I felt ! I was amazed at the climax how they were able to take this little boy , practically a baby , and make him the scariest killer I ever witnessed on screen . I did n't know kids at that age were capable of such acting ! This whole movie was just creepy . From the moment with Victor to Judd 's chilling stories to the powerful climax , this movie is non-stop bone-chilling fear . This movie creeped me out so much that even now , as I watch it , even before anything bad happens , watching it gives me the chills . If this is n't enough to convince you to see this movie , I do n't know what is !
 This is one hell of a scary film from master of macabre Stephen King . I never expected to be scared , in fact I never scare easy especially at movies , but this is powerful stuff!A REAL horror fan must have this !
 Readers , I am a 21 year old guy from New York.Just this past Halloween , October 31 , 1999 , Cinemax was running a whole days worth of horror movies on television , and Pet Sematary was on.It was on this Halloween , that I was reconnected with one of the greatest horror movies of all time . I like the interactions between the characters in this film , and also the story . I have always been interested in the supernatural , and this movie continues my interest . I very much recommend this movie to anyone who likes horror movies , as this one will remain a classic for a long , long , time . -- Daniel
 I ca n't believe that Leonard Maltin would give this film 1 star ! This was one of the finest and creepiest horror films I have ever seen . That kid Gage was so ugly and so evil that , excuse me for saying this , I was glad to see him die at the end .
 This movie was soooooo scary - no kidding . I saw it at midnight with my friend once , and even though it was the 3rd time I saw it , I was still petrified . My friend and I were afraid to open the door even ! I think the main attraction of the movie was Zelda , a deceased relative who had suffered from a debilitating disease . Her living sister would have these flashbacks about Zelda coming to get her . Sometimes you can even see through the scary part of it all -- then the `` Zelda '' scenes are good for a laugh . Still , as cheesy as the movie gets sometimes , I guarantee you plenty of nightmares from this movie . If you like `` Pet Sematary '' , I recommend `` Eraserhead '' -LRB- it is a hard-to-find David Lynch movie -RRB- . By the way , do not see `` Pet Sematary II '' ; it is the dumbest , most not-scary movie ever , and whoever wrote the script for that one was trying way too hard to please the gore-loving audience .
 Stephen King classic . If you like vintage horror , then you will love this movie . It is an OG classic for sure .
 This movie is back when horror movies were worth watching . Not a lot of gore , but can make you jump back , and then you 'll want to watch it again .
 First it all , slim fast is a nutritious drink and not only it keeps me full for a long time , instead of eating big breakfast , can be used a substitute of a big meal in the morning if you watch your diet ; I definately recomend this product . Amazon it is very efficient in terms of shiping , thank you .
 Let me start off by saying if you want scary , this movie is it . By saying this movie is scary , you really can not get the full picture . Scary is Nightmare on Elm street and halloween , but this movie is just as disturbing and scary as it would be if you were in the firey flames of hell.When a family moves into a new house , they are confronted by an old man who seems friendly , but Judd Crandel , the old man , has been living in that neighboor hood for many years , and knows all of the secrets of the cemetary that remains in the back of the house . Judd refuses to inform the family , but eventually , when the father finds out what the truth is behind the old pet cemetery in the back of the house all hell breaks loose , especially when their youngest son Gage dies .
 In this creepy 1989 horror pic based on Stephen King 's novel , a new family named the Creeds are about to get to know the word Death ! This is a very scary movie ; filled with terror and enough gore to please anybody , I 'm still impressed and scared about this movie even to this day.Lewis Creed -LRB- Dale Midkiff -RRB- learns about a Indian burial ground by a elderly neighbor , Fred Gwynne , after his family cat dies . Little does he know that the burial ground is actually `` where the dead rise . '' The cat does come back but has a side effect . It 's EVIL ! Later during a picnic , Lewis ' toddler son Cage is accidently runed over by a semi-truck . Lewis makes the sickest decision by burying his son ... you know where ! Then all hell ensues!That 's not the only scary thing about this film . There are some other demented scenes including the strange death of man with red shorts who seems to haunt , or help , Lewis and the Creeds . The wife also has a weird past with her sick sister whose body seems twist and turn like a pretzel ! I do n't mean to spoil , but nearly every Creed dies in the movie -LRB- Daughter lives -RRB- and Herman Munster , er , Fred Gwynne dies in the hands of Cage , the little Zombie boy . It 's just a sick and complexed film . It 's great . `` Pet Sematary 2 '' is not so great .
 They just do n't make horror films like they used to anymore ! Nowadays , the entire horror genre has turned into nothing but slasher flicks . But if you want to be VERY scared and disturbed , rent PET SEMATARY on a dark and stormy night . I assure you , you wo n't be disappointed ! It 's about the Creed family , who have just moved to Ludlow , Maine and to their beautiful new home . On their first day of arrival , their kindly old neighbor Jud Crandall comes over and introduces himself after he saves Gage , their youngest son , from getting hit by a truck . Jud talks of a path behind their house , which he says leads to a pet `` sematary . '' Even though Jud knows there is something else beyond the pet `` sematary , '' he does not show it to them . But , he does show it to Louis when his daughter 's cat get run over in the road by a truck . It 's a Native American Burial Ground that brings the dead back to life . After buring the cat there , Louis is amazed to see him alive and kickin ' the next day , and also stinking of an unearthly stench . Later , Jud informs Louis that the Burial Ground is evil , and that what you bury there is n't what comes back to you . What comes back to you is pure evil in the form of the thing you buried . After a horrible accident involving Gage , Louis buries him in the Burial Ground with horrowing results ... You 'll be scared out of your skin when you see PET SEMATARY ! It 's a classic Stephen King film , so buy it now !
 Pet Sematary is a very scary movie that will keep you on the edge of your seat until the end . It is about a family who moves into a house that was built near a mysterious Indian burial ground with the powers of resurrection . But what the family does n't know , is that what comes back from the dead wo n't be the same . They do not come back as the same person , but they come back evil . Based on the novel by the awesome author Stephen King , Pet Sematary is one of the best horror films , because it delivers you with goose bumps and a horribly great time . The suspense and thrill of it should stay with you for a while . And now that I have seen the movie and understand it , -LRB- if there were such thing as the burial ground -RRB- I might as well believe that `` sometimes dead is better . ''
 Stephen King may be not only the ultimate horror writer but also the ultimate story teller of our time . This is the best King , screen adaptaion of all . If the demise/rebirth of little Gage doesnt give you nightmares i dont know what will . My wife leaves the room when the tanker starts rolling . `` Sometimes dead is better '' . Widescreen and great picture quality along with the 5.1 Surround make a great , terrifying experience .
 After recently viewing this movie I found that Pet Semetary both , at times exceeded my expectations , but at others it seemed to lack some polish . At its heart , the idea for this movie is truly origional and has a trumendous amount of potential for horror , especially coming from the mind and guidence of Stephen King himself.I will first start out with what was done in this movie to exceed my expectations . The acting of the character Judd Crandall was spectacular and very believable , as he took some of the scenes in the movie that could have been viewed by some as silly , from lack of a better word , and made them serious and real , despite their impossibility.In addition , the fact that this movie follows Stephen King 's novel is a plus , therefore showing the true genius that went into the novel that started it all.On the negative side , the story did feel a little rushed , and the acting of Mr. and Mrs. Creed could have been better , in particular their reaction to their dead some returning , yet overall some scenes , like the `` dirty little secret '' scene has saved poor ratings and actually , if watched with an open mind , could actually be quite frightening .
 If you a view of this movie who has young children - this movie is either for you or not for you . What I mean is - if the one of the last scenes of poor Gage stumbling around backwards after his dad injects him with a deadly serum after resurrecting him from his early grave and chanting little kid words like
 Frankly when I pulled this of my video shelf , I had no idea what I was getting into . This film has a very negative outlook on life and is King 's most disturbing to date . It is alos very scary . I was surprised on how scared I got . This earns my respect . My friend could n't get through this movie ! I love it . True horror !
 Reiterating what other reviewers have stated , `` Pet Sematary '' is one of the most disturbing and suspenseful books that I have ever come across . And as opposed to most Stephen King flics , which are usually half or one-star disasters , the movie , Pet Sematary is actually just as good , if not better than the novel and follows the novel very accurately.The actors used in the movie are just the way that I imagined them being in the book
 It is a special day for the Creed family . Louis , his lovely wife Rachel , their daughter Ellie , and toddler Gage -LRB- Miko Hughes -RRB- have left behind the hustle and bustle of the big city for a little country living . But there seems to be a few things their realtor forgot to tell them about their new digs . First , it seems that the road that runs by their new house is like the `` Indianapolis Speedway '' for truckers . Second , there 's a little overgrown path in their backyard that leads to a makeshift `` Pet Sematary '' . It serves as the final resting-place for many of the pets claimed by this `` highway to hell '' . Third ... well , I 'll get to that later.Louis , a new doctor at the local college , receives the dying words from an accident victim . Later that evening , Louis is visited by this ghostly apparition who warns `` the barrier was not meant to be crossed . '' It was only a nightmare , right ... or was it ??? While Louis ' wife and kids are away , Ellie 's cat `` Church '' falls victim to this deadly road . As Louis and his neighbor , Jud , -LRB- Fred Gwynne -RRB- head out to bury `` Church '' in the `` Pet Sematary '' , Jud decides to take Louis beyond the barrier -LRB- of brush -RRB- up into an ancient Micmac Indian burial ground . Here they lay `` Church '' to rest.Well as time passes , sure enough `` Church '' shows back up , a little worse for wear , but alive and seemingly well . Louis believes he must have buried him alive . He reeks of an unbelievable stench that wo n't go away , -LRB- could n't be the smell of death now , could it ? -RRB- and he is n't quite the cat we 've all come to love . He rushes over to Jud places where he find out that `` dead do n't stay dead '' when buried up there . Their conversion quickly ends with the question `` Has anyone ever buried a person up there ? '' Jud replies with a fearful and rather unconvincing NOOOOOOOOO !!!! Can we say foreshadowing?One day , as the family is enjoying a picnic , the unthinkable happens . Little Gage wanders out onto the `` killer highway '' and Crash ! Boom ! Bam ! It is n't pretty , but the editing is so well done that it brings home the horror of the scene without the gore . -LRB- Sorry Gorehounds ... but there is some really nice gore throughout the film -RRB- Blaming himself for Gage 's death , Louis decides to make things right . If it worked for `` Church '' it 's got ta work for Gage . But Louis seemed to have forgot that `` Church '' was soured by his resurrection . The consequences of Gage 's revival are quite devastating . The imagery is quite frightening as Gage lays waste to any and all that get in his way . First there was Jud , than Mommy , and now he wants to play with his Daddy . Does the old saying go `` You reap what you sow '' or is it `` what you sow will rip you apart '' ? Buy the film !!!!
 To begin with , I read this book long before i saw the movie . Both to me seemed superb . It was hard not to fall in love with the family as you watch the Creed 's grow into their new home.To start off with , lets begin with the story outline . A young and fresh family , the Creeds , move to Ludlow . The handsome doctor-father , the lovely wife , the young and half-oblivious daughter , Ellie , and the newborn baby , Gage , and not to forget one of the greatest characters , the cat , Church , named after Winston . Well , there are the friendly neighbors , Judd and his wife , who know all the secrets to Ludlow . The family soon desicovers Pet Sematary , where soon unfortunately , Church will be . And he wo n't be alone there , either ... Then there is the doctor 's first day at work . A boy hit by a car while jogging has so few minutes left in his life when he is brought in that Louis labels him already dead , practically . Victor Pascow lies on the table , bleeding violently , not stirring in the slightest , until Louis moves to touch him - in that moment his entire life is going to change . `` The soil of a man 's heart is stonier , Louis . '' This is nearly all that Victor can mutter . Louis is terrified and nerve-jangled due to the strength with which Victor is squeezing his arm and how he knew his name in the first place.This movie is chock-full of terrifying thrill-ride moments . How can anyone forget the `` night walk '' Louis takes with Victor , only to wake up and find that what he thought a dream was shocking reality ? The camera angles are first rate and make you feel like you are actually walking in the movie with the characters . The special effects were some of the greatest ive seen in a movie from this time range , as well . It is easy to believe that these characters -LRB- whom i wo n't mention to spoil the ending -RRB- came back from the dead . Seeing Timmy Baterman come back with claws and stretchy skin , as well as watching him nearly rip it apart with his own hands , is something which is worth the money of this movie , and thats only one of the fantastic scenes in the movie . I highly recommend it for anyone , but not for young children . They might have trouble cuddling their pets afterwords , especially after coming back from a long vacation.P.S . Even for those who love animals , like myself , -LRB- I hope to be a veterinarian in later years -RRB- I recommend it because even though it does feature some animal death , this movie focuses not only on animals , but on humans and how their pets deaths can affect them and drive them to do things they would n't normally consider . I highly recommend it , it is one of my most prized DVDs .
 In the beginning , i really was n't expecting too much from this movie . It was a rainy day and i looked at it as just something to watch . How wrong I was ! I watched this movie with the lights OFF and regreted it from the start . It was the scariest film i had seen in years , and it was the first time in a long time that i wanted to close my eyes at a frightening scene . By the end of the film , lets just say i was too horrorfied to move . It left me shaking in my seet , and i 've NEVER reacted like that to ANY horror movie . It really stuck with me for a long time afterwards , and facing this movie a second time was a hard desicion . -LRB- I will admit , the second time i watched it it did not effect me as much -RRB- , but if you 're looking for a scary movie , that at times , even beats the Exorcist , watch Pet Sematary !
 this is a great horror movie . I 've never seen it but have heard of it . It is done by stephen king . I hope this is pretty scary . I love to be scared when watching a horror movie.Exorcist is my favorite in horror and halloween and friday the 13th in slasher horror . I ca n't wait to buy the sequel .
 This movie is scary and very disturbing ! The most disturbing Stephen King film ! It is really mest up ! I would also recommend watching Salem 's Lot , Carrie , The Shining , Stephen King 's It , and Rose Red . This is a very disturbing movie !
 This is a scary movie by the master of horror . And Pet Sematary is a good horror film . I 'm sure everyone knows what it is about . The Creed family has moved to Maine and it starts off happy then all hell brakes loose . Church their cat is found dead . But I wo n't give away more details just watch the movie ... If you dare , or read the book !
 This film has a very depressing outlook on life . It is a very scary and disturbing movie , which is why alot of people do n't like it . Most people I 've had watch this could n't get through the whole movie . This is what horror movies should be like .
 I give this movie 5 stars because it is the best pet movie i have ever seen and its prety scary to watch in the dark and i give this movie 5 stars because i rent it all the time !! and i cant belive that this movie got 4 stars and pet cemetary 2 got 5 stars because the first pet cemetary was way scaryer then the second one thats what i think !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! sincerley lorie waterist .
 This movie was every bit as perfect as the book , with the exception of the scene with Louis digging up Gage . In the book , this scene took up about 30 pages -LRB- literally -RRB- and was extremely detailed and eerie . However , in the movie , it took up about 5-10 minutes and seemed like it was just thrown in there without any thought or consideration . This would be a five star movie , with this one tiny detail keeping me from giving it a perfect 5 . But , do n't get me wrong , in my opinion , Pet Sematary is easily the scariest novel that Stephen King has ever written .
 This movie sent shivers down my spine ! I bet anyone ca n't watch it alone in the night !!!
 First off , this is the scariest movie I have ever seen . It may not be so for everyone -LRB- and I know comments like that often get you a `` 0 out 0f 30 people found this helpful '' but so be it -RRB- but if you like King 's visceral , deep-seated horror , I recommend it.The town , the graveyard , the music , the mist everywhere , the monstrous undead animals and the people all make this a frightening ensemble for me . I have to concur with many of the reviewers about the Zelda character -LRB- who was incidentally played by a man named Andrew Hubatsek -RRB- . There 's something so phenomenally horrifying about that character to me that I can actually say I have trouble watching the movie , and certainly never again alone . I find those sequences truly terrifying . The flashbacks of Timmy Baderman -LRB- sp ? -RRB- are also scary.Furthermore , I agree with many of you that this is a different experience from the book , which I also recommend for added terror . I read the book in broad daylight in a friend 's house in Hollywood and I still felt like I was alone in the woods at night.Highly recommend the film to fans of horror , though it might not be your thing if you just dig slashers . DVD completely lacks features , so for the format itself I 'd give 2 stars .
 It has been the candid observation of numerous film critics that the works of literary horror maven Stephen King do n't often translate well to the screen . But when they DO work , man do they WORK ! PET SEMATARY is a prime example . Though some of the details of the King masterwork had to be pared down -- as is often the case when well-written literature is made to fit into a two-hour visual narrative -- this film captures perfectly the spine-tingling essence and atmosphere of the original novel . As with many King cinematic adaptations , it HELPS if you 've already read the book . But with a really good one like PET SEMATARY , familiarity with the book is absolutely NOT a prerequisite.PET SEMATARY tells the story of the Creeds , a young nuclear family who has moved from the Midwest to a small college town in Maine . They take up residence in a old country house a few miles outside the town , and it is n't long before they become friendly with their new neighbor , a bucolic but agreeable old coot named Jud who lives across the street . Jud quickly alerts them to the fact that the road between their two houses is a busy rural highway , and he therefore warns them to be always mindful of their young children and the family cat . Many a pet has ended up in the nearby pet `` sematary , '' Jud explains , due to an unscheduled meeting with a speeding truck or car on that infernal highway.Inevitably , the Creeds ' cat , Church , joins the roadkill ranks , but only the father , Louis Creed , is at home when this happens . Neighborly Jud worries about how the Creed children will take the news , so he decides to let Louis in on secret . Just beyond the nearby cemetery where the children of ages past have buried their beloved pets , Jud tells Louis , is another cemetery that was long ago held sacred by the Native Americans once indigenous to the region . Local legend has it that when you bury your dead there , they will return to life before the end of the following day . Sometimes there is a price to pay for this magic , says Jud , as the dead do n't always come back exactly the way they were before they died . Nonetheless , Jud thinks it is worth the risk if they can protect the Creed children from the pain of losing a cherished pet . Being a physician , Louis is understandably skeptical , but he humors his elderly friend and , with the stiffened body of Church in hand , follows Jud up to the `` magical '' burial grounds.Much to the surprise of Louis , Church does indeed arrive on the Creed doorstep the next morning . In some intangible way , though , Church seems different -- no longer a loving feline , but instead stealthy , aloof , and easily provoked to anger . Jud tells Louis to try to ignore theses differences , and he suggests that if Louis remains mum about Church 's resurrection , the rest of the family will never know their little secret.Of course , as one might guess , it is n't long before one of the Creed children meets his fate on the highly trafficked road . But dare the grieving Louis bury his son in the sacred soil of the Indian cemetery ? And if he does , will what worked for a cat work for a human ? If so , at what price?PET SEMATARY is a very satisfying horror film that offers the requisite spooky ambiance , frightful imagery , and outright scares , and all without requiring much effort to suspend one 's disbelief . Part of the reason the filmmakers pull this one off is , of course , due to the excellent job that King has done in his adaptation of his own novel . But the lion 's share of the credit goes to the excellent performances from the cast . TV actor Dale Midkiff , whose acting style usually teeters on the histrionic , here turns in a subtle yet compelling performance as the family patriarch , Dr. Louis Creed . Even when things get really intense for his character , Midkiff maintains control and convincingly delivers the reactions of an educated , loving father who is grasping for a rational means of rescuing his family from a dangerously surreal situation . Denise Crosby -- better known to SF fans as STAR TREK 's Tasha Yar -- also does an unusually good job portraying Louis ' perky upper-middle-class wife.It is the performance of Fred Gwynne that really makes the show , however . Genre fans know Gwynne from his role as Herman in TV 's classic horror-themed sitcom THE MUNSTERS . As the rustic and lovable Jud , Gwynne stretches his thespian skills way beyond the limits of the slapstick of THE MUNSTERS to create a credible and convincing elderly Maine farmer . Gwynne could easily take it over the top and upstage his fellow actors here , but he instead keeps it honest and subdued and thereby makes a significant contribution towards pulling the audience into the fantasy of the filmic narrative.As with many of Paramount 's DVDs , this disc is sparse on extras . However , the digital transfer -LRB- for the widescreen anamorphic edition -RRB- was made from a very clean print , and both the picture and sound quality are great . For King fans and fans of great cinematic horror , owning this film is a must !
 After reading Stephen King 's novel `` Pet Sematary '' and being a little disturbed by it , I figured that I would rent the movie to see what a terrible adaptation some money-hungry fellow made . After viewing the film I was quite surprised . The first half of the film starts out nice with a happy family enjoying thier new rural home . But then we see the second half of the film in which all turns to hell . After Gage is killed you ca n't help but feel bad , no one wants to see a boy that cute skin his knee let alone what happens to him in this film . The performances in the film were mostly well done , especially from Fred Gwynne -LRB- Jud Crandall -RRB- , Denise Crosby -LRB- Rachel Creed -RRB- & Miko Hughes -LRB- Gage Creed -RRB- . The Pet Sematary novel was meant to be disturbing , and this film certainly is just that . Most likely the reason people hate this film and think it 's sick is because they too were disturbed by it . It 's definitely not a film to give you a positive outlook on life , but I guess that 's what makes it such an effective horror film .
 Pet Sematary is by far the most disturbing horror film I have ever seen . From the creepy opening credits to the tragic ending you will either be creeped out or disturbed by this movie . The most unnerving part of the film is that you ca n't root for the killers demise because he is an innocent little boy who did nothing to deserve what happened to him , it is a complete injustice . The fact that Rachel Creed -LRB- Denise Crosby -RRB- is seen with red , swollen , tear filled eyes after her little boy is taken away from her only makes the tragedy seem real . As well , the flashbacks of the Ludlow town 's hidden secrets , told by Jud Crandall -LRB- Fred Gwynne -RRB- , are intriguing and make you wonder why people would n't move far away from that place . Having picked the cutest little boy to portray the tragic role of Gage Creed -LRB- Miko Hughes -RRB- is one thing , but him giving such an outstanding performance at the age of 29 months is incredible ... incidentally it took 2 girls to play the role of Ellie Creed ! All in all this film is great for people who can stand emotionally unsettling situations , it is truely a horror film .
 Wow ! Definately King 's best film to date ! Seriously , this movie has everything . So , if you want to be scared senseless , Pet Sematary is well worth the money.The movie starts out creepy enough with opening credits in the `` pet sematary '' with an eerie soundtrack . Then , we meet the Creeds , surgeon father and husband Lewis , mother and wife Rachel , kindergarden daughter Ellie , and adorable little infant son , Gage.Actually , if you were watching it on TV and did n't know what the title was or what it was about , for the first 15 or 20 minutes , you would n't even know it was a horror movie . But then , things start getting strange when their neighbor starts talking about the mysterious path behind the house , which leads to the `` pet sematary . `` Then , while Rachel and the kids are at Rachel 's parents house for Thanksgiving , Lewis ' neighbor calls and tells him that he thinks Ellie 's cat got killed and is dead on his lawn . Instead of buring it in the `` pet sematary '' they bury it in `` the place where the dead rise , '' and old Native American burial ground.Sure enough the cat comes back the next day , bring an unearthy stench back with it . That 's how Lewis finally manages to convince himself that it really did work.Then , something extremely heartbreaking happens to the Creed boy , Gage . This is where the ol' zombie-raising ground comes in . But , when the little boy comes back , he ai n't exactly the innocent little tike he was in the real life ... This movie is SO SCARY ! YOU NEED TO SEE IT ! also the sequel is really good.PET SEMATARY IS RATED R FOR VIOLENCE , GORE , STRONG LANGUAGE , BRIEF NUDITY AND DISTURBING IMAGES .
 Stephen King rules , and Pet Sematary is , in my opinion , his greatest triumph . The atmosphere ca n't be beat , the characters are memorable , and the gory , horrifying climax is nothing short of cataclysmic . The movie almost captures the chilling spirit of the book , but on a more conventional level that somehow softens the depth of the horror . Still , it 's a solid movie -LRB- Fred Gwynne was intense -RRB- , that does deliver its fair share of shocks and chills .
 I took my girlfriend to see this at the theater way back in 1989 . She was terrified and would not let go of me , thanks Mr. King ! Anyway this movie does n't have everything the book had -LRB- The old neighbor across the street was actually married to a cheating wife , someone buried a prize bull in the semetary , etc. -RRB- but it has enough to let the viewer know what Semetary is all about . There are some VERY disturbing scenes in this flick.Gage getting hit by the truck then coming back on a killing spree , Sister Zelda was just downright terrifying , and of course the ending where the wife comes back , runny eye and all.Watch this alone in the dark at 2AM and you 'll have trouble sleeping , you 'll search for Gage under the bed and Zelda in your closet .
 Two reviewers here said it perfectly with a few words .1 -RRB- Read the book and you 'll appreciate this film more . This film might have some disturbing and sad parts -LRB- ie : Louis injecting undead Gage scene -RRB- , but let me tell you , the book is tenfold . It is bar none , one of the best books I 've ever read -LRB- in general -RRB- , and by far
 I thought that this movie was very , very freaky . It is really not a movie for someone who is disgusted by gore . It is also depressing at parts because a little 2-year old boy gets hit by a truck then is raised from the dead and goes on a killing spree . Over all it is pretty good .
 This movie is truely chilling to the very end . I think this is some of Stephen Kings best work . It had me scared out of my mind , diffenately a masterpiece to add to any horror collection . So if you havnt seen it , you dont know what your missing !!!
 This horror/suspense movie was great , filled with some decent gore and bone chilling moments.If you are going to watch this movie , make sure to watch it at night , with the volume cranked up ! And you will truly enjoy this .
 I never understood why some horror movies are rated low because of their storyline or plot . Horror movies are supposed to be scary ! Who cares about the storyline ! Pet Semetary 1 and 2 are two of the most terrifying horror movies I 've ever seen . Two other horrifying classics that will scare you too death are the 90 's Night of the Living Dead and Day of the Dead .
 It does not too much gore . Its mostly suspence and action at the same time . You must see this movie .
 I think that this movie was really good . It followed the book more than any other book made into movie that I 've seen . I thought that it was really really chilling .
 Picture not so perfect but sound looks great and movie is really perfect
 I saw this when I was 13 , and what a spooky film it was . This was a while after it was released , but it was still a nice horror movie , with a premise that I really liked . The acting and story could get a bit cheesy at times , but this is still overall a good movie , the story was carried off well and I found myself enjoying it a lot . The ending can be predictable , but the movie is still worth watching .
 I saw this in the theater when it first came out . The book was horrifying and so , too , the movie . I absolutely loved it ! It is still unsettling for me to watch with regards to the little boy but , wow , what a great movie ! Worth the purchase .
 this is a steven king movie so you know that it will be a wonderfully great movie . about a cemetery that any thing that is buried there will come back as a killer .
 I definitely agree with one sentiment , , I read the book , -LRB- this one and Salem 's Lot , scared the B'Jesus out ' a me ! -RRB- you want to read `` Pet Sematary '' in the daylight ! Same with watching this movie ! I 'm like `` do not go up to the Mic Mac Burial Ground '' well crafted creepy horror fare !
 This movie is obviously scary , as it is based on a Stephen King book , as I thought when I decided to watch it on Netflix . However , what I did n't know was how scary the movie was ! I 'm sure I shat myself trying to watch this movie , as every aspect of bringing living beings back to live after death was always a frightening topic to me and , when touched upon by Stephen King ... faint of heart , beware !
 IT 'S A VERY COOL MOVIE I NEVER GET GET PART TWO IF YOU CAN IT 'S ALSO COOL ADD IT TO YOUR COLLECTION EVEN IF YOU ; VE SEEN IT TIRED OF WATCHING IT I USUALLY WATCH IT LATE AT NIGHT ADD IT TO YOUR COLLECTION EVEN IF YOU 'VE SEN IT SEVERAL TIMES BEFORE JUST LIKE I HAVE NEVER FAILS TO ENTERTAIN !
